What's even better is I am soar from working not from working out!
Happiness is work!
anyone know who got MVP of the BCS National Championship..??
Fantastic Four powers!
Which of the four would your rather be?
Invisible?
Stretchy?
Onfire?
OrangeRockcrusher?
yeah Rigt!
I'm too lazy, Bout To Take A Nap!..
I'm obsessed with the eiffel tower.
I have one on my shirt, bracelet, and wallpaper.
I really want a poster for my room.
Hehe love random tweet moments
My dad said he's tired of hearing one direction...
Nonononono.
Don't lie to me father.
You love them.
It's funny when people take pictures with their Tax or Financial aid money.
Fuller: engineers, software developers, nonfederal companies, architects are kinds of jobs along dullesrail Jobs aren't equal.
Let's settle this the mature adult way.
Rock paper scissors?
Yep..
I just climbed 200 floors
People keep telling me that I have to watch Serenity and Firefly because I will LOVE it.
It's in my Netflix queue.
Im too crunk
I really hope you can get EuthinizeSanchez trending.
: ICYMI A Nebraska man legally changed his name to Tyrannosaurus Rex today.
Everything ok with the water out there?
4low me n o gimme ur Em n I'll give u mo info about Da Movie.
Where u ?
What City?
We shoot in 2 months.
dude you're in El Paso!?
Omg lets hang!!!!
You're seriously my idol Daniel!!!!!
I want to punch Doug Gottlieb in the wiener.
barksdale base league
Alanis Morrisette does not have a very accurate understanding of irony.

who ever wants to know why i hate lady gaga, this is why judas.
im a monkey?d:
we took our first trip this weekend!
Love the service for when I'm downtown!
cc:
Do the 76ers have any chance of beating the Celtics?
The newplay campaign, Free the Beast, is exciting newsbut how much of that 4 mill over 10 years goes to admin.
costs?
Damn, old people get cranky over tax forms...
Kings island tomorrow.
Last full day with everyone.
Merry Christmas to all from Generation Letter.
Anticipating to see what God will do in 2011!
Today was all about rapid prototyping.
Building something out of nothing.
Will share soon.
service at table 57 is so great it comes with
Did you get my email?
What did you think?
Getting nervous about the MLS admissions interview...
What?
I was supposed to send hubby  son to see AVENGERS and have a quiet house to myself?
I went to movie too!
DOH.
People who throw their cigarette butts our of the window in front of my car are scum!
follow please : tfb
I'm going to find a friend that keeps the exit door open for me at Tinsletown!: yeah buddy:D
listened to Bill Gates talk this morning about innovationproud of WCLA for making it happen inspiring young innovators!
Of course!
I'll do so now :P
who should we go to get a tweet section sponsored??
i work out.
About to watch the box with SAM STEIN
Hi everyone, Im Megan Zimmerman Director of Marketing 4 Xorbix Technologies, excited to tweet with you 2night!
Brunch at Sunny Spot, dayum , you've done it again with them semi sousvide eggs and coconut hollandaise dawg.
Haha.
do it!
I think you'd have fun.
Met with Andoctorw Newberg from www.viewpointproductions.com for video work.
Check out his website!
Daily Special, Mon 05/07/12  Country fried steak served w/ mashed potatoes  white pepper gravy, corn, and bread.
While it lasts!
6.09 RT
We have the tape and it's hilarious; if this comedy thing doesn't work out you have a job waiting for you here at TripRes
what happened to summer?
it's a sad thing.
It's still a good country in theory.
lol they're like the weird cousin who shows up to every family party
didn't know it got that cold down there.
On the 950; Ump's Galarraga gag huge, but 3 perfectos  a nono by 6/3?
What's in the rosin bag?
Elamiteelx.
Extinct language spoken in Iran.
Marc coding language trivia.
This is fun.
I can't make you love me, want me, or understand me.
All I can do is hope that someday, you will.
It's a shame that only a small percentage of seniors are graduating this year
Boosie coming home!?!?
shut up!dummmmm,
The new Marshall's Ad starring our very own is out and she looks incredible!!
Just don't know
I'm swell and not up to much hbu?
I love listening to practice piano before his lesson.
Especially when he counts to himself.
Nothing is out of reach.
RT this if you agree.
.
Yes!
A PARTY IN A FAMOUS PERSON'S HOUSE.
That is what we have always chiefly needed.
glad in Ky also!!!!
Merry Christmas Everyone!!
Around 500 ideally.
Open to offers though
Christine Jourdan listed as anthropologist Solomon Islands in film credits of Malick's The Thin Red Line
I am grateful that every year I learn something new during the holiday season.
I just saw my friend on TV!!
She's an animal evaluator and rehabilitator for the Philly SPCA.
Way to go girlie!
Anybody out there use Pentax?
I had a student doctorp her camera and bust her lens.
Would love to find her an affordable replacement.
Still in awe about Zambrano leaving the to head to the Marlins!
: He'll be missed!
You two have a great night!
My motorcycle is calling me to take it out in the sunshine!
Working on my resume, not for the typical reasons
I did.
And I've followed you.
Well deserved tribute to Wake today, Tip of the cap to everything he did both on and off the field.
Ask Chef 2 surprise U!
RT : Saw yr new chef highlighted in 's May issue, wht shld I try 2nite?
omg neighbor arrives with lovely lemon cake for breakfast.
AWESOME
w/teachers?!
amazing, what was the response to the play?
I think Hillary would be a great VP, but IMO if it was going to happen it would have by now.
A big sorry to all my followers, I have had personal problems, haven't been a tweetin' in a few weeks.
I tried to catch up on my FBs and...
Jealous of all of the girls webcam's that are working :'.
LET IT BE KNOW TO THE WHOLE WORLD THAT WE 3 DEAN!!!
I liked it...some peeps thought it wad hokey.
But c'mon anything with Han Solo
Hey Austin you are the best!:
Spent the last 45 hours on the beach.
Finally heading back to the condo for food.
:
thanks for the list!
Appreciate it :
I wished I had become a rock star.
I will become woman who is at peace in this crazy world!
It really itches, too :
Giro 12.4 Now passing  we're being shown, the bottom of the hill at Spello.
Extraordinary Roman walls to the right.
Will they show them?
Run when u see a gun...
hope to catch you!
Is it 5 O Clock yet!
I hope she plays Big Ball Vball :
Yes I'm from LosAngeles CALIFORNIA and I'm a BostonCelticsfan 
I'm rich in spirit.
Text DISCOVERY to 72727 to go mobile with LDCM!
2 msgs/month, offersupdates, msgdata rates may apply.
Reply HELP for help.
STOP to end.
we love you and and would love your help, come to our next meeting this Thursday at 7pm
I hit this morning.
I'm in the stu come thru.
Last night I traded one of my bicycles for a sixpack of beer.
Interested actors and actresses, get your demos ready.
Auditions are coming soon.
So excited to hear from Meme again!!
Energetic woman.
RT : Meme Omogbai next, new chair of aam!
From the newark museum
lmao they really put the elbow in the opening tho
aww!
Maybe one day.
:
Sorry.
Hope you feel better.
I can't upload that video.
The file is too big
This is just the sort of nonsense up with which I will not put.
hi its gio letting you all know, We have started taping our new reality show!!!!
Oh, no!
I got my dates wrong  ABA Silver Gavel Awards will be announced Wednesday.
Sorry!
people still watch the NBA?
: Old school barber shop.
I'm due.//I'll bet you sing a mean baritone.
I wonder what they could have paid for it had they followed your advice in '10?
Hey welcome to Twitterville...
The picture for the video
RT You know what made David a king?
Goliath.
are awesome.
thank you!!
scary right?
thanks for getting the word out.
hopefully we get a little more dialogue going.
Think I'm going to cry, I'm not as tech savvy as I thought I was and can't find the assignments.
sarcasm is a less aggressive form of stating what is truly on ones mind.....life is already confusing enough just b straight up!
I'm curating an exhibit on the food of Georgia.
So if u know of any foods, restaurants, markets, etc.
that I should include DM or  me.
application is done.
Tomorrow off to Bay Hill to watch some golf.
where they got u goin
No, I do not want to make this song my ringtone.
Especially if it's black hole sun.
Break the MOLD!
I'm already on G, but I'm interested in what you think of it, and how you make use of it.
and now I realize that it was really stupid.
I didn't mean to disrespect you or anyone else, I just feel really bad for it
Late night expected....
i was waiting for all of these tweets;
We know this is a busy time for everyone!
Wishing you happiness and peace from Advanced Mailing Services  5058993104.
Oops, then u better stop!!
; I am stopping as well, have not eaten all day except for some papaya and berries
I don't like calling homeless people poor ...
I just call them no budget people .
I don't wanna get fat because I'd look like Brat's sister, Brat Patty.
We hooked up after Brewers won the NLDS.
Don't let me go
: Learning how to put on makeup through Youtube.
SWGP so true.
If you're out and hungry, you have less than an hour to get 6 burgers for 5
Light rain.
Covered decks with tin roofs Cold beer.
Anna to serve your needs.
Bring your dogs and watch the rain!
Matthew 20:20.
Let's worship God for who He is, not only to get favors from Him.
When deeds speak, words are nothing.
I am SO sorry for what happened today at fund and when I erased your name out of the list!:
I think I should stop being sad.
There'd.
Tweeting from a doctorid.
random ratchet club girls
15peopleIlove My mom and her mom and her mom and continue that till you get 15!
Random Fact: Lysol Wipes require that enough solution be used to leave the surface wet for 4 minutes.
That would use up half of the wipes.
i have the list of works in the show if you'd like to see it.
That's some deep shit
Now that's a suit coat Don
nuh uh.
I swear.
Thank you,Sandile!Maybe I'll see you in CapeTown next year...I keep my fingers crosed.Keep swingin'!
Double overtime!
I hope the panthers win :D
Men have become the tools of their tools.
Henry David Thoreau
Rooney off, Berbatov on.
Come on Berba!!!!!
Weird part is, the seller's agent said our neighborhood is known for prostitution.
She was already in the list.
lol text me what happened
I like to think of backyard urban chickens as undocumented, not illegal.
Mark Muller
I think that is a heart monitor or pedometer.
LOL!
when is the baby due hun?
Waking up at 4am too early
You're The hottest everybody knows 
what was it about?
If spiders could fly, I would never go outside again.
ya he's a sick defender
wrote wrong, rather?
Correction: been how's that for post
I've been sleep since I got home.
That wasn't the plan....
Cinco de Mayo  Kentucky Derby won by jockey who's a native of Mexico.
Coincidence?
I think not!
RIP Junior Seau.
The sadness surrounding so many football players' lives after the game makes it hard to watch anymore.
Finally get to go see the Avengers tomorrow!
IWishIHad a new bff!
killerapp RT : Instagram isn't cool no more.
You know what is...
Michael Malone: Innovation journalism today is about explaining and popularizing arcane technology.
go make that money annie lol
cant decide if i should celebrate cinco de mayo at taco bell or qdoba tomorrow...
The waiting is the hardest part
Keep an eye out for mine coming out on Positone this winter.
W/ Jared Gold, Dave Allen  Mark Ferber.
Killin!
We were not meant to be perfect.
We were meant to be whole.
JF
Idk he sent his friend to do it for him
Damn everyone calling Kim pussy bol :D
this must be on our bucket list!
College Football Prediction: Nebraska  Penn St; Nebraska 3.5 and money line 160
I can't wait for tmister night I get to see my fav reality star not yet on TV
I feel like I am happy with every other month...and often jealous of the boxes that others get, instead of mine!
heey how are u
The bitterness is oozing out of towards Why is she afraid of his success?
It's not pretty on her!
Great song.
Did you write that yourself?
BTW I voted for ya.
'Everybody got somebody but me'...
story of my life, , story of my life...
who lied about being with Cody??
Oh I wish I was ballsy enough to mix the pills with liquor.
But I like my liver.
totally!
got to step up our game.
A guy told me that he learned how to spell independence from that webbie song.
Lol smh!...
Email me,or send me yours and I'll explain more.
are the Colts about to become the new Jets?
WHY DO YOU REMIND ME.
i dont Really care
I just saw a promo for true hollywood story.
Tagline: What secrets is America's favorite uncle hiding?
RT : Religion is meant to unite however it seems to divide more than it should.
Out of the desert and into Luxor on and trip.
Off to a great start to the week here at Lone Star Delivery  Process.
Check us out online at www.lonestardeliveryonline.com Your 1 Courier
We're a good vintage.
.: Evil stands no Chance :.
HARRY POTTER was ahmazing :
Awww Sorry to hear that :
well you're in a hotel go mess around!
yup, depends how bad they are haha
LOL!
I love you!
Who needs to do special agility doctorlls for fitness when you have a 60 lb puppy that likes to be in the kitchen when you cook?
that's because of all thosw hicks from camden road and rison try to sneak and go to chapel
It was really fun!
Great to see you!
Hugs!!!
Derek Harper?
Where's Brad Davis?
James Donaldson?
Rolando?
Sam?
Roy?
Wait, not Roy.
Gonna blaze this kush then off to bed gotta work at 5am sad lip pokes out
that's awesome!
Me too.
Hopefully someone will build it!
People are still confusing the difference between modern style and jungle caveman garb.
Today, trade in coffee has a big economic value.
Coffee is 1 of the world's most crucial primary products.
Good night Atlanta!
follow choosey chicks on face book!
40th Anniversary of The Godfather...
epic, legendary film.
Hollywood at its best!
thanks!
Hope you find what your looking for.
Let us know if you need a custom size
Headed to Zion Baptist Church for service
dooood ..
I should wholesale em in japan ...
imma be rich
they're so into each other again!!!
WOOOOHOOOOO i love em together 
Thank you!
Its so nice to see glimpses of the waistline I used to know.
:
Help reach to her 400th followers and if your her 400th follower you can get a HUGE shoutout from her and any Celeberties!!
Who is going home??
Tough choice.
Did you try one of the new dishes when you were in?
:
and my wet doctorams as well?
Pretty please!!!
What's been up?
Hope everything's going well!
History Channel  two guys wandering middle America wading through barns full of really great collector's stuff.
Unmissable!
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no idea I would meet my soulmate.
But I thank God every day that I did.
3
Cute girls should come talk to me at school tomorrow...
Js js
well its time for my history final.
and signed it 'anonimiss'
what is your old school email?
I will send you the details
Need 2 sell my fish tank asap!!!
: Anybody lookin or know anybody, please let me know.
White boys and their jewfros
2 finals today!
Math and Philosophy
Curried Mobile food truck is at Van Buren and Wabash!
You know what to do!!!
3WordsForYou Wolf pussy breath
What could Steve Jobs have accomplished over the next 20 years?
I'm really nervous, I've done these type of things before but I still get nervous :p
That's good to hear.
You need full mobility for a season chock full of diving.
Off to work
that's awesome do it, I'm gonna ask for one but I'm sure there just gonna look at me funny have you ever asked for one before??
surprised the panel doesn't include the only people that truly protect the athletes interest like
she should, she is amazing!!
:
So is Oxford on Sunday!
MiT is road tripping in Iowa right now.
Day 18 of 25days25girls is all about the freedom to explore our amazing country!
u don't want to fight with anyone?
Please.
That's all u know how to do.
Such an instigator.
And for no reason.
thinking about it
2 Never ever ever ever take relationship advice from a single chick, she can't use her own advice to get a man, it must be the WRONG advice
m cake
Its all in the back foot, get that scoop down!
there's some things you just don't joke about on the day we play UCLA.
Just walked by a loudspeaker announcing This is Atlas Mission Control T 15 minutes and 30 seconds.
!!!!!
Pacers getting in the Heat Ass pacer lead the series 21.
what is impressive?
I'm really askG?
when are you coming to florida?
Please tell , you always RT me but never tweet me..
I love you so much :
I love how she sang it seriously.
Have 5 goals to accomplish,knoe i can get them done
Congratulations to my friends who didn't accomplish what they set out to do but achieved something greater along the way.
Eating healthy the Caribbean way with Minna Cooks Caribbean.
Sleep, of course ;
This is not fair.
Great Mentors  Mastermind Partners:
Haha I'm retired brotha.
You still playing Baseball?
YUM RT : Good morning!
Today is National Hot Chocolate Day 
night Jesse
i hate people that say a lie to someone just to get attention like serious .
I wanna be a kid again where there is no doctorma and no stress.
AxeOff USA will be on Bourban St 2nite working!
i'm trying to.
I am clearly invisible to you!!
It's IMPOSSIBLE to get a follow/tweet from you :
Good Night I'll probably be back lol
why is Hanging With Friends so addicting ??
if you got da next huge hit song hit me up, i'll judge that, and im a pretty hard critic
Lost my eye doctorps now I have high eyes.
HappyMothersDay 
Greeting to all the firefighters gathered here in Indy this weekend Enjoyed hanging with some of you today on the way in.
Nick is now running, Luai is next with a short 3.5 miler.
Foggy outside with doctorzzle.
Running and having a shower at the same time.
Cool !
Miami's largest 2day business conference for women is heading down to The Miracle Theater!
Over 700 women  Miami's smartest, coolest,...
AprilFools!
Need some good jokes.
Any ideas?
xox.
Yahoo!
Forde  By now, Grahams reputation has taken enough hits that Arizona State may have its Bobby Petrino
Assessing indep.
rdg.
I need new ideas.
Looking for choice, creativity, thinking, and sharing reading experiences.
lol.
I forget I have this acct!
I need deodorant.
hey i gotta go you should text me 804.901.0669
Still job hunting.
Tell all libraries that there's a halfdecent reference librarian who'll hire cheap.
yawn its about that time
thats a very good sign!
Also try The Priest Force One so off you all go!
Poland brace your self m/ ;
you know girl!
BackInElementarySchool we worried about cooties not HIV and std
So ready to get off of work
Laughs or tears baby.
Laughs are way better sometimes.
Hey me down many times, but still I'm still a Belieber  never fails to be because I LOVE YOU
owner said 45 min wait every night so far i said 45 mins isn't long after waiting 34 months!
well deserved.
used transit view on iPhone worked great in browser now we need an app
From my fortune cookie at lunch: Every truly great accomplishment is at first impossible.
FundMyFriday So I can buy my friends some Coronas!
way to go SAS!
This dude decided to a take a casual nap in the lib.
Too bad he's in the quiet section, and snoring.
Hey Twitter haven't been on all day
I love my SON he is the best thing that ever happened to me and that's REAL.
It gets bettersame guest priest says birth control will lead to problems he doesn't want to live to see.
This man should NEVER be back!
Bring truth to power  message from pypm at youth perspectives panel

86 on the list for an upgrade on my united flight.
I have never actually made it to  1.
Pay day today!
:D
can't wait to hear u say hello Houston in the Bridgit Mendler takeover the world tour
Oh, I wasn't aware that hillman was actually your personal office to receive and make phone calls for hours at a time
Just waiting for my taco bell than ill be heading to bed.
yea, just got here for the D2 games.
Pretty crowded already!
I hope Germantown pounds Madison Memorial
Integrated Secure Password Manager coming soon to Interlink for CommitCRM  Quick, Secure, Simple!
I got the whole little movie book, it was in the car when I was cleaning it out before I went and boutght the new car
Sleep has been mocking me for the last couple of hours.
I'd rather be in Bloomington.
props to you for braving the ball park today.
I can hear the wind through the vent in my office!
know12 touches on project work vs ticket work; multitasking is the bane of our existence
I'm not an expert either, but hopefully folk who are can point you in the right direction.
It has a been a while since I saw Olga Kay.
She is so busy making fabulous videos for her fans.
Thank you!
On 4 hours of sleep, NoBueno 
i dont know what to do .
PANTS PANTS PANTS
Deep thought: How many young people will actually see the Rove/Crossroads Celebrity ad?
while is in surgery, I'm sitting here trying desperately not to freak out.
Quick.
Give me something to laugh about.
Seinfeld is definitely one of the best TV shows of all time.
No it is not a question it is a fact.
my attitude is horrible.
The best and shortest road towards knowledge of truth Nature.
RETWEET IF YOU WANT A FOLLOW BACK ...
Watching Dawgs game streaming online.
In this case, GalaxyTabiPad since gamestream is Flash.
Music sounds better with you...
thanks for your mozinar tweets today.
Helped me focus what limited attention I had!!
More tomorrow??
Tomorrow first day of classes ate the university SO SO EXCITED!
:D wish me luck :D
30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile send a sweet text
Lakers fans are worse than Bears and Vikings fans combined.
oh ya totally lolz tht would cheer up he does love his limos
Really glad at least we had a decent day for our golf outing and seminar this week.
This rain won't go away!
Tminus 6 days until I'm on a plane to Marrakech!
you could pick me up anytime:
It's All talk into you put it into action.
Heaping even more onto my plate with a new Etsy shop for jewelry supplies!!!!
Those were the days.
Moneyballs just don't sound appetizing.
yes, for me.
:P I have to squint to see the letters in the 5th line ..
DearScooterBraun NEEDS TO COME TO INDIANAPOLIS,INDIANA 4 BELIEVE TOUR
Welcome pdxdms students!
First day of the Digital Marketing Strategies Certificate program.
TeamCP3  TeamClippers CP3,Blake Gotta Lead Us Both Gotta Bring A Game Vs A Deep Spurs Team  Our Bench Gotta Perform At Its Best
Messy hair  Making love hair ; lol
Downtown waitin on the bus 2 go get my check.
is watching reruns of Babar.
RT A study found people with lighter eye colors have a higher alcohol tolerance.
damn straight we do
visual Studio 11 Beta is fantastic for HTML5 I work with!
Singing fall for you by secondhand Serenade at the top of my lungs.
Thank you for continuing to be a wonderful champion in our community.
Gotta be at this orientation at 8...
Been up since 8 this morning...
This has to be a sin...
Orbis Cascade asked what others were doing with resource sharing ebooks  no good models
Visit LJ/SLJ booth for info on our Ebook Penetration Reports and Patron professorles  chocked full of all sorts of hard data on...
at starbucks :D
What spill?
RT : Wow, anyone remember the gulf spill?
Was like 8 months ago?
Huge disaster?
Yeah, didn't think so.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla.
Publicist: Monkees lead singer Davy Jones dies at age 66 in Florida of heart attack
I just saw this message sorry I am new to this.
Part of.
Twitter my number is 7703104650 if u still need my help
Jerry, George, Homer,  Marge.
I just saw 13 tweets in a row about lebrons hairline after granger knocked his headband off
Switching from why to what questions s a way to find new perspective when life throws a curve ball.
What do I do with my new reality?
I feel you on the MCD food thing;
Of course, sorry.
I wasn't clear.
I was more asking what is doctorving the difference.
Channel, league, time slot, etc.
Oh thank you!!
You're talking about me, right?
I haven't seen you in a long time.
:
I do!
But I've yet to delve into itI feel oddly exposed/ slightly confused about how it works.
Looks like a good playlist!
been there already.
hilarious now.
not then.
: Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
Learn from ya mistakes
.
have a great Day 1 tomorrw.
Lemme know how it goes!
Yes..
i am very aware of that.
Just thought it was weird with the whole Lowe reporting Manning retirement tweet.
Really enjoying moderation style and substance.
Learning a lot.
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from....
Jk, just money.
Second student speaker proposes line aren't stone tablets to paper, but ovens to microwaves
In Philly for a conference.
Weather's great.
Ran up the Art Museum steps this morning, following in Rocky's footsteps.
Yo!
THE soul is eternal...itsuncommon.org
Y'all thought I was gone, haha, had 2 tend 2 sum issues.
I'm working on Vol.2 now, lol, a few things n the makin y'all stay tuned.
Haan!!!
s/o to all the beatmakers now following me!
stay following and we'll link up
So an Eisenhower system of inductive charging?
An alternative to light rail?
I like the nanotech contact lenses
happy humpday!!
what do u all do?
we help the mentally disabled
How Many turnovers the clips gonna get SMH
RT The first 2 approps bills to move swiftly out of committee were advanced by women.
I dont think thats a coincidence.
which is a perfect way for me to butt in and say what I was thinking
Write doctornk; edit sober.
Ernest Hemingway
Oh lol!
No you didn't look bad :
Idk.
I think a couple snipers could catch him unawares.
I met some of you guys at Warped in Missouri.
And lemme tell you, i am hooked.
So glad i bought your album!
:D
I find out next week.
They still don't know if they want to hire a student or an outside person 
Man im so tired
Never Told is such a dope , true , deep record yo
No way!
I thought the bright blue and green house down the street was crazy!
OMG remember after the soccer game when your dad put on the one song and slapped big red and I about peed I laughed soo hard!!
99 Cent ground beef  chicken fajita tacos from 6close all this week
Ok kansas...remember vandy beat kentucky in the sec tourney final...play smart and tough and you can come back.
10 points is nothing
When I'm here for u and u look away because u think no one is there for u I go home and cry look in the mirror and try to change myself
how far u stay from vondelpark I wanna link up wit u when I come u seem like cool peoples!I need to meet sum buddies over there
north Hollywood/Toluca lake/Studio City por favor?!
Any or all will do!
if you can, go get it looked at
Sense of humor  the best feeling.
Better friendship, love better.
I find that American Apparel consistently carries clothing no one would ever wear.
that and NASCAR!
Awesome!!
Righteously ; : Nowplaying Lucinda Williams.
Thanks for the wonderful recommendation, !
Dear Landmark people, I feel like it has been five years since I last saw you!
Welcome back!
We almost gave your prize away, but lucky for you we were holding out hope that our first follower would come around!
PSA: Shave under your arms before wearing a sleevless shirt ladies..
adamerica food, music, dance, free at Joe's til 6.
Diabetic doggie sick again and back at the vet, I as well am on what feels like my death bed even though I know I'll get over it soon :
spelling errors doctorve me CRAZY!
Thanks for letting us know...and for watching in spite of them.
:
RT: Everything was great till our pride got the worst of us.
What a shame.
hahaha!
That was funny.
2pac is turning in his grave every time someone plays songs like ''crank that'' and ''king of rap'' smh
Free EbooksNatural Health  Our Natural Health Site: Free EbooksNatural Health.
These natural health ebooks are all free.
You don't...
I swear I am going to start to tweet again.Time to strap on the sneakers again.
Its been a barren 2 months on twitter for
Oh wow haven't seen steeger in forever his hair is so long lmao
Anybody know when/where THE HEAVY are playing??
I will NEVER again go the Red Roof Inn on Shelby Oaks doctor Problem with WiFi and called the office and was told you can always check out.
yeah I've heard that....I just can't motivate that early
I81 S CLOSED at x8 w/ a SERIOUS Tractor Trailer accident involving a School Bus and a passenger vehicle.
U obviously didn't see what did w/1 sec.
left in the game
Sorry for all the posts but this is IMPORTANT!!
I have ur KEITH URBAN and JAKE OWEN presale codes aug 6th baby!!!!
Who's down
That text was a waste!
That was an enjoyable read...
but I keep hoping to find a Dear James post
I'll be at work just stop through
We are ending the year off stronger than ever I wish all of you the same blessings
omg close up please
if anyone doubted how much he cared about his department  the city, they need only to have five minutes to talk to him
man I am totally hungry, count me in!
The weather outside is weather!
The Obamas still owe about 850k on their Chicago house.
Is it upside down?
U think they would qualify for a loan mod?
Not for a 2nd home...
they were paid extra, microsoft uses the money from xboxlive subscriptions as toilet paper
You are joking right?
you know what those biz did to bmw, jcp, overstock, if you are looking for help lets talk 6232554088 ext1
Ill roll with that!
PBRmeASAP cc: RT : Happy National Beer Day!
Thanks!
I love me some Sagan and Auto Tune!
Come on baby light my fire
soo..
new york..
and you..
soon?
Yea?
Please?
:p
uh, uh take that back off.
Thanks!
I got to play with a loaner device and was impressed.
I think the stylus is surprisingly useful for many applications.
Atlanta GA : I need a licensed HVAC contractor, who can do a 30k sq ft job.
I need them like yesterday!
Help?
On the wall behind them as they check out adult actresses and make rude comments only furthering her popularity.
Ain't capitalism grand!
Never heard that before!
Reno's awesome, but glad it was 'Leon' Jean, not 'La Femme Nikita' Jean, that triggered the association.
Getting a briefing from Leon Andoctorws about the youth in the NLC directly following the icebreaker consisting of colors and silence
what's a guy got to do to get a RT?
I love you.
Hurry back to the states.
conFROGulations Ashton and family on the new bundle of joy from all of us at
He who does not live life to it's fullest can never know the true meaning of life ...
have a good trip and get ready for some teen reading :
4wordsAfterWackSex I gotta get going....
These TysonDinasourNuggets aren't as yummy as they used to be.
They don't really understand
I have a plan and I'm sticking to it....no enablers
I just busted out laughing!
Thanks for the smiles!
:
haha no doubt
I hate how the weekends fly by
New Photos of Me from Industry Images Coming Son.
Question of the day: What is your favorite color of nail polish?
Great advice, Dean.
but she started it though
Be truly glad.
There is wonderful joy ahead!
I Peter 1:6
I have to apply to things to maintain my unemployment.
But I really want to get a job.
Going crazy.
Civil service tests next.
Just got home!
I  EDM  want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's pickme!
;'
I fuckz wit Syd The Kid doe!!!
She a beast!!!
Jule Sigall, from Microsoft.
Illustrates the issues w registries through 1940 census, organized by neighborhood
not as in THE REAL DEAL...
but there is a JohnMeyer here
Cool...
Maybe 10 o'clock on Sunday?
I'll think about where to shoot...
The motorcycle was just an idea for a future project.
I promise, she can bark.
Next time I take her to the office I'll try to get her to do it.
breakfast of champions!
No I'm not leaving Boyle for another school it was a April fools joke plus I wanted to see if any of the players cared .
They didn't .
way to keep on them.....
thanks!
Well in that case, Julieta, I am your caddy, one more time!
glad to hear!
This coffee...just isn't doing the job :/
Osama bin Laden's last words to be published online today  Daily Mail
NEWS FLASH Global Cooling occuring in Minnesota.
Thousands of people are cold on the first day of May 2011.
Cavaliers are 43 which is better than the Celtics and Lakers at 44.
I know it's early but what would have been the odds on that.
GM.
Thank you for an unforgettable evening.
It was great seeing passionate musicians playing.
Safe travels!
Nothing new about that.
just what my honey would love a new truck!
Three hospitalized after Lunenburg highspeed crash
Obama has allowed 7 trillion dollars to be given to banks and bankers.
So sad!

Love, is not a word that exists...
Speaking the troof from the freeverse album haha Starting to believe it.
whoeverimarry will make me one of the happiest people, because they wouldn't just be my husband, but they'd be my bestfriend for life:
Game got canceled so that means more time at the gym.
LEAVE US VIDEOS OF YOU STILL ON THE MEDS AFTER HAHAHAH ps good luck puta 3
Who's in Little Rock???
Hopefully you all will let me visit ; Thanks!
Our old shirts and tanktops will now be for sale for 3!
We have all sizes from small to xlarge!
Hip Hop would be a much better genre of music if Biggie and Tupac were both still alive
Damn secondary!
Step it up!
Gorgeous girl!
How was the photo shoot?
We hope you did our spray tan proud :
My cheeks are soo naturally rosy .
50 Cent and Justin Bieber
Housetraining...
a big challenge 2.
2 get them 2 understand they don't have 2 mess where they spend their time anymore Continued next tweet
I can't get any of my coworkers to pick up my daughter from the babysitter, though.
Shit just got reall as'f quick as'f to :o
If the mister.
Lisette is going to be there, you know it's going to be a party!!!!
Come see Lisette in this issue of 4PM MagazineHubba Hubba!!
Ah morning.
Crazy doctoram last night.
Like wrestling with the devil shit.
Must be the nicoderm...
or that nightline faceoff.
God not only loves the obedient  He enlightens them.
Henry B.
Eyring
long hur don't cur.
Alert!
Free 12inch cheese pizza NOW to first 10 Tweeps  Rodins Pizza in Reynoldsbrg.
Carryout only.
Offer expires 10:15p
movie night in the room tonight!
so sleepy
If Derek dies I will never watch Grey's Anatomy again.
Whoever discovered whistling, I seriously hate you.
Yeah right she'd prob get someone else to pee for her hahaha
she wants my number...
fuck that, im not fallin into no traps
your keyboard is having a seuzure
and Tito Ortiz too!
Don;t make me use my swear finger
:P I know my older sister an her husband bought one for my mom :D
When everything just falls in place, The easiest thing is to give you praise
CincodeMayo M, La Ha ;
Well its offical I'm officialy in default with SaliMae......oh yeah another 7 years of bad credit.....
Every time I see young chavs wearing vans I always think...
Yeah you were definitely involved in the manchester riots.
sounds gay

Single.
Taken.
I get about as much attention as a White crayon :/
Getting myself together before i start the review.
Spoiler: while I agree with a lot of what n more say, there were serious hilites
I ain't never been a lame.
Been the one to get it cracking.
The nerve of u to try and do me!
;
hehehe :D I like the movie tho
is evil plans still going on?
Just walked through etc and didn't see anyone.

you   my world like noelse!
Do you know what is says?:
hey Front Row, time to put down the phone like during playoffs, right?
The Jinx is back today.
so I had to turn down the job from Tuesday because of the hours but I just set up three more interviews today
you coming home???
And it's official .
.
.
We're Keeping Her !
I know I ammms
wahahhaha !!!
Im good how bout yah !?
when he holds your hands c:
o.O
More and more jealous by the minute of all the I'm at beerfest tweets...
Wine, Ladies, and Chat  you have the perfect combination going!
To clean glass windows, add about one tablespoon of cornstarch to about one litre of lukewarm water.
Wet and a rag or squeegee, remove...
New Kids On The Block before 6am.
Not cool.
It's better to be interesting to a small group of people than be kind of interesting to a large group of people.
Oh.
Want!
doctorols
OOMMMGGG MB IS GOIN TO BE PERFORMIN NEXT I AM SO PUPMED I AM SO HAPPY YES 143 TO MB
Out of 20 people I just texted , 8 replied.....bitches
I like Matt Vasgersian.
My older bro
Only in vegas will you see a wedding chapel next door to an hourly motel.
Shocking news of the day: I'm AT the RC track watching Martin race.
SoYouMeanToTellMe just because im a girl i cant do what boys do.
This that shit I don't like in my nigga voice a bitch nigga I don't like a snitch I wanna fight
RT : Yelp Geeks Out!
FF Thank You!
haha thank you
I would literally DIE If they closed Taco Bueno
: Thank you so very much!
It was so much fun to sing, and I would love a CD, since I've only heard excerpts to this point.
Another awesome PhD student, , designed it.
I can see if she has another and I can mail it to you...?
You have no idea how happy I get when the  phone rings and its you.
microwave beeps and my food is ready
Judas Priest, Barbara!
It's another one of those flamin' bags again!
INSIDE JOB WINS!!
In such a funk...
Can't help but think who 3 may be this week...
Puppy class graduation, cork market, and crepes.
Now rest.
Your all cocky and crap.
Just laughing at everyone else.
Just wait until the universe craps on you and we will see who is laughing.
Karma.
Looking forward to dinner at 's!
Headed to Mingles, come party with me!
It's a Zen thing, like how many babies fit in a tire.
Corky St.
Clair
So what is it with you always attacking BO?
You can't play both sides of the fence sir.
Not yet.
I'll keep you posted.
:
Just pretend you are preaching to thousands.
Yes, and I would like fried with that!!!
Congrats to Ted Van Griethuysan, best supporting actor, resident play in Much Ado About Nothing with The Shakespeare Theate Co.
Could not agree more  I was turned to single malt only about 67 yrs ago and Im a total novitiate  it was free that nite ha
RT Legs are shaved, beverages chilled, cleats are somewhere.
kickball doubleheader at 11am!
So stoked!
Darn.
I wish I could see the presentation in person.
Got a really close look at the Tesla Model S today.
That is one sexy cool car :
Who wants to go to MLG Anaheim with me?
Any takers?!
crickets chirping FML
hey!
could we possibly interview you?:
Trying out google.
If you're super nice to me, I might send you one of my invites...
cool so did u have a nice christmas
please follow me please follow me please follow me please
Google, I know that's you.
You're not fooling anyone with the logo camouflage.
They're pictures.
I'm way behind on pics for MUA and models.
I hate bad hip hop.
Awesome!
I'll be there, again, in the morning after work!
I love my outdoor team.
Chalk up another W.
40.
And no injuries.
That's always a plus for us old guys...
Ha.
gonna jump in my chrysler lebaron and gun it to 88
I don't claim to understand hockey...but I really don't understand the Caps' insistence on not just shooting...
highly recommend the iPad.
Highly.
And I got the cheapest one.
16gb with Wifi only.
Love it more than my iPhone and iPod!!!
Did I miss the memo...
is it no longer acceptable to write Xmas as a shorthand to christmas?
to you as well old Evanston friend.
RT I'll check it out for sure!
Gotta get me in another video soon!
The US Olympic trampoline team?
lol nigga tomorrow is my last day in that class.
You late af.
Pinnacle Airlines expects to furlough 450 of its pilots
my favorite is still We want the finest wines available to humanity.
And we want them here, and we want them now!
Blah .
Text Mee ..
wtf?
were they at bravo?
Have a good work week, everyone :
now you and jack can get married, or any other man you'd like to marry
Steak Nightgood.
Steak Night, buzzedGreat.
I tried so hard to get my own Superbowl commercial with me in a nygiant club.
A club thats just really giant...since big people in NY won.
I very MUCH miss Jacqueline.
She's the voice of reason, on that show.
So is Caroline.
Finally ordered a iPhone case.
It has elephants on it.
cc:
Did you spot any Whereowarians at High Point?
It was exciting to see so many innovative products this year!
Did you have any favorites?
I did like the pic of the guy wearing Nikes kicking in the Nike store window lol
SWE installation last night was phenomenal.
I will never forget the standing ovation after my remarks and all the wonderful accolades.
Introducing the 2012 starting left fielder, the O's best free agent acquisition in years.
Go follow  ?
she follows back and i will ist u 20x!
It's official...I'm going to Game 6.
Gotta figure out how to do it, but it's happenin'
Do you work tomorrow or Friday?
When will the next track be ready?
Don't you know you gotta sag to swag
Speakerboxx will be here tonight for First Friday Rocks!
Show at 10pm and free all night!
seeking field service techs in Columbus OH M/H exp.
w/hydoctorulic motors  90 travel email
Called it quits at the studio....
Thinkin I should of stayed...
These words be fillin my head...
Why sleep when you can work in a studio?
WHY IS ARTHUR FLIRTING WITH GWEN.
THE FUCK.
My dear, we didn't have class.
So far it is just confusing becuz I didn't know what it was for.
NFAIS Experimenting in social reading.
Placing comments next to text instead of below makes authorreader equals.
I am so, so sry Can we send meals or something else?
Pls keep in touch.
You are cared abt.
Woke upthought it was wednesday.
This week is just doctoraaaaaaaaaaging on
If a work is so good or so bad that you have no feedback to give on it, ask a question about its intent.
nuthing bored as always noone realli gets in touch wit me for anything
Thank you  I hope you have a great day too!!!
that is always an plus to have a comfortable seat!
I'm so over looking for office space.
I am ready to make a decision and move on.
Now if I could get someone to make that decision for me...
Great!
this money is helping the schools this year.
But when are we going to look at how to make PPS more efficient?
some days it's better to just not wear a shirt as much as possible.
Lmfao.
RT : Why'd you tweet that when you cheated on me?
You too as always!
Many of us spend half our time wishing for things we could have if we didn?t spend half our time wishing.
Alexander Woollcott
IADMIT I laugh at my own jokes
classic x
Honestly, I hope that lines holds together enough to at least give off a good show when it reaches myself here in Littleton!
fridayreads is the amazingly good THE LAST SEPTEMBER.
I didn't even remember ordering from , but whoever told me to, thank you!
Just spent the last 2 hours watching the incredible mister Depp play a vampire with my daughter Jessica...what a great Mothers Day
music Listening to a song called Swarming Vulgar Mass of Infected Virulency, by Carcass.
An oldie but goodie.
there is an amazing violinist outside of river park square right now.
if you're near you should check him out!
Congratulations to all the new student council representatives!
a place in carmel to eat really good
I'm saying I agree to wat u tweetd ....I wrote it wrong
The best part of going out is the GETTING PRETTY PROCESS!!
Makeup RainCosmetics Glam Anyone else agree?
Old Navy might have some?
Going to check tonight...
prefer something a tad nicer, but beggers can't be choosers
Laying In My Bed
hell ya Bailey all the way baby lay down in ur bed of roses all the way to the top
No McGee did not RT : McGee did RT : Bynum a beast tho can't nobody check him
thank.
goodness.
Thanks for the retweet, Ruben!
Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
I was saying the word civility wrong..
I was taking out a syllable.
It's savility.
I'm a work in progress!
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her.
Michael Jackson
Sometimes I just aint in the mood to deal with the studio at night...got to though.
Chris Rock is the definition of EXTRA 
T minus 2 days!
This Saturday: , , will be at 12th and Porter!
New band, new music!
Can't wait to see you!
Zach parise is so good.
What quick hands on that shot.
so true,,
I totally understand.
We are using lmsaun to live tweet the event.
Feel free to follow along.
Let's be sure to meet in May
Go, Cubs, Go!
If they were smart and selfemployed like me, They'd have Wifi and a Laptop to play AT WORK :.
Amateurs.
Can't take a train or anything like that?
Tends to be easier.
Do yourself a favor and take a deep breath, play Lump Sum by Bon Iver, and remember how far you've come from who you once were.
3
HA!
Yes, that actually was sad.
at least that brand of self loathing tastes good
Thanks so much for having us!
great playing with you guys!
Great sets!
yikes....time to get off of pinterest and actually do some hw.
Get the word out.
Every registered republican go and vote in November if we want to take back our nation
Your so mean.
Happy Monday, San Diego!
What are your plans for the week?
im writing music and tweeting and updating web info at 2:35am
Well if you're from NY London should be no problem.
Have a great trip.
Yay!
I got my warped your tickets!
:'
I'm Texas Football and you're my Rice
gonna take a break from you Twitter.
Sorry if I'm offending any of my porn star followers who follow thousands of random teenage boys a day
.
claims that he's going to ruin digital humanities; almost immediately, sirens  flashing lights go off.
So Romney wants credit now for saving the auto industry.
Do you think maybe next week he will want credit for getting Bin Laden?
Hey!
How's the ATL?
Follow back
thingsthatmakemewannascream when you try on 2030 things and not a single one of them fits
I have much to catch up on.
:
26pm today on will be the greatest 4 hours of my radio career.
Maybe the worst.
Probably both.
Oh how easily one's day can be ruined.
3 your album homie.
Thank you for the free download.
sorry they will not let me follow anymore people IDKY but i will look into it.
I am trying to reach the world here..
Excited about a lot of things thats about to happened.
:
cuz you doctornk too much.
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play.
Because there's a Great Lakes Brewing Co.
in that airport?
:
i think i fucked up idk bt im goin to sleep so i can think
I wonder what can help if anything.
I may have to leave this in God's hands.
Last chance to see Coast to Coast, an exhibition of large landscape paintings by Carol Lopatin!
Show closes Feb.
26!
Retweet if you DARe
when we talk you just cant get lost in his biq beautiful brown eyes tryinq to be goffy and silly !
just to kute !
verry nice day
Rumors abound that Apple will buy Twitter for 700 million before June 8th when Apple holds its Worldwide Developers Conference in SF
BC/ND today  always a battle.
Don't sleep on BC
lol  the radio version of superman.
But I do know one thing though, chickens they come and go.
HEY TEAMMATE!
hows your day going man??
That proposal was everything
the weekend starts in an hour and a half.
RIP Larry King
always pizza...
taking part in a video shoot at Berklee today with Asahi TV from Japan!
Battling my walking pneumonia with wasabi.
i'm looking at a bunch of crushed ManU fans right now.
It is hilarious.
haha every time I text you, you're all like who is dis?
I'm like dang harsh, deleted my number
Everybody pulls for David, nobody roots for Goliath.
Wilt Chamberlain
I love it, don't worry you can trust me...
Really?
Then why is your hand creeping down my back.
Yea, no goodbye!
Time for some Johnny Rockets.
Told ya bruh...
I ain't mad at ya lil bra.
said they was hot rite now and he was rite.
salute
earning even more respect for ethnohistorians tonight.
Writing Native American history with documents written by white guys is HARD.
Thanks for your Workers Unite poster  you are credited for your nice work!
Great image to rally and educate folks.
Leaving the dorm now and unable to return until after 5pm...let's do this.
aw pooo : all well there missing some great story written from the BEST author :D its REALLLYY good by the way
Seeking teenagelooking EXTRAS in L.A.
who are available THIS Sunday:
Thanks for caming all the way from Elon to help us support our community.
Again, we couldn't do it without you.
MT
Love that fact that my agent loses all inhibitions at the holiday party
It really grinds my gears when people say women aren't funny.
Most people are painfully unfunny, obv.
Please dudes you aren't funny either.
On my house phone ..
I'm finna call back ..
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY  PAT FORD
Livin' the lonely life.
Talent is like time way too precious to waste.
Finish 2011 strong!!!!
You ARE beautiful though.
:
Sorry for lack of tweets.
Phone struggled big time in the park.
Gonna need to get that straightened out
i don't care whats in the past, we're both here now 3
critiquing all da doctorsses at the oscars with
GOD.
Watch the Throne is just...the shit.
I can't stop listening.
Really just want school to be overr.
I'm so lazy to do anything!
:O
meaning: get off of Facebook and go Worship?
that kind of ministry spin?
So hungry and I have work today and the weather is feeling great :
I wonder what it would feel like to get shot, too, but I'm not trying to find out for real!
Hm my bf said I need to post 5 nice things about him so here going nothing lol
Gave up on me hella time's
aw thanks!
I'm sure you did an amazing job!
I'm good!
Lots of ridic adventures and hanging out with some amazing people!
Monday Morning Meeting.
Here we go.
you have to teach me German as I work on the Dell OEM German videos, social media and online ;
haha!
i go on annual girls' trip..flying out for weekend: we could easily go there from NAshville: WHEN you visit that is:!!
Today is national kiss day  Friday the 13th things are about to get stupid weird tonight!
O snap!
Watching the 60 minutes with michael vick.
i am interested to see what he says..
i still hate him
Edmodo: looks like Facebook but for education only.
Not blocked by school firewalls.
tell me u saw camel toe...
The villain in my new Redshift book uses a silver revolver instead of a charge gun.
Old school.
Ready to be your agent!....www.byronbrown.georgiamls.com
what else is new?!
;
you're a tweety bird....
On behalf of Patty, Aiko tweets :Yummy in my tummy.
RT : 15th anniversary of 's Scream at !
Where is this Undiscovered Rookie Goaltender Island where the Caps found Holtby?
NoNo's on SP2010 DB level changing indexes,adding Stored Procs,select from tables/views,change allocation;For logging, use only retrieve.
What's more fun than shitting until you wish for death?!
RT : Corporate America can be fun too.
Lakers suck.
Go Kings.
and Clippers.
We are located on 385 Broadway and open from 10am6pm on Saturday!
That's for you.
Super cool place.
Lava lamps and all...
Hayward's shot will instantly become the most famous missed shot in NCAA history.
Browser history, I hardly knew ye.
Most of my life was spent on that freeway.
Thank you God for watching over my family  friends.
May victims one day find justice  peace.
Spanish was just ridiculous today.
It should be illegal for teachers not to wear bras to school.
I'm a fan of goaltending, and looking at the numbers, Eddie Lack will make the Canucks very happy one day.
Watching CSPAN2 where Senate Democrats are trying to kill the JOBS Act that would help technology startups.
why you doing this to me?
:sadcam:
Camping!
What about you?
did you try the Lytro ?
Anything good ?
Gadget or game changer ?
Even when we get married, babe
Even if i dont get 1 just wanted to say thanks and tell u you how cool u and the rest of the guys are Gears Forever
RT : Snap a photo w/ Jupiter Lily on the concourse at Arcade Fire on 9.30.10  win a stay !
Catch her if you can!...
Sorry NoShaveNovember I already broke the deal.
I must disagree, respect the comma.
RT We are putting our digitalpreservation suite on the cloud soon  ideal for smallmed archives  fo...
A new song came to mind and lets just say you will hear it on tv one day :
Good morning Boston!!
How is everyone?
Tweet me your favorite club in Boston.
no.
Its call Lakers because they're a team !
Get it right
Bitch please ..
Where is this table full of options re Iran?
Are there snacks on the table?
what a day.....
last night was a blast.
Why did I want to hang out with Kanye West so bad tonight?
Goddamn you Charles Shaw.
Michelle Malkin, trust me: YOU saying Obama's a lava lamp or silly putty isn't same as Romney's own guy and the etch a sketch
Watching my friend edit her 10 year old Korean students' music video.
How about him?
My little cousin a spoiled brat ;3
Does it live up to the hype?
She needs to come over my house and ride me like a scooters .
will do!
Love my Davisaur.
:
What's this??
your family heritage stuff??
I wanna see I wanna see!!!
Did anyone catch Joe's cameo?
oh...was that not the plan already?
Whoa.
I was not expecting that.
The ghetto language these days are to funny
RT : Meeting to appoint mayor has just been postponed again, to 6 pm Friday
We are open till 3pm today...
RT : Learn to swirl  spit like a pro Spectator's seminar: Fri 6pm  Sat 12.30pm
no strips.
Real deal.
I had to go buy emergency hot sauce cause these chumps use just tabasco
This warms my heart!
RT Fellows do work together outside EAP sustarts
It must be Christmas time.
I just ate too many cookies.
My periods have been irregular since I began having them at 13.
what is my body trying to tell me, I'm stumped.
Show that your concern for the people who elected you is of importance.
Vote against SOPA and PIPA.
Good morning, Albuquerque!
Here's hoping you had a lovely holiday weekend.
If you awaken ed with decorated apparel in mind, we're here!
RT  beware twitterers bad twitter virus is trending called choppedporkandham but it won't hurt your computer it's just

Whatever their source, leadership begins with clarity about values what one stands for ...
I swear I doctoram of the weirdest things.
O.o
if my dad doesnt stop dancing..
Looking forward to checking that out!
Today's office words of the day are: 60 year old temper tantrum!
People here are seriously in need of medication
1 final today wish me luck :
oh Carolyn I'm going to be one sick woman tomorrow after over indulging in White Castle cheese burgers
what could be done?
nothing.
Thanks to and the Nocturnals for sharing the stage with BAH...Grace is such an angel!!!
can't wait until she gets a new phone.
Two weeks two launch...
Planning my newyork trip with my bff!!!
ah!!
I didn't know yall ladies got yall eyebrows threaded and shit!!
My homey ocky just impressed the Phuck out me!!!
skills!!
's second story collection, Love Is Power, Or Something Like That, is forthcoming from Graywolf Press in 2013.
Don't do music for your patnas to listen to.
Do music for the world to listen to.
why can't I tag you?
Great!
Hope to see you at our first event  8/17 at 7 pm!
Tonight!
What I Want My Words to Do to You  7pm  10 Tickets
Search for missing Fox movie executive continues
I'm from WI born and raised but I love the Bears too!
Unfortunate that Cutler tore his MCL :'
Santorum captainres my heart when he talks about founding docs.
I signed up to the Mamavation 2WeekChallenge.
Very Excited!!
Businesses in Orlando!
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Contact us!
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer38
You've become a regular King addict!
Do you have a fav yet?
Oh you can finally use instagram?
Pfff guess I'll switch to the whatever's hip.
and I happen to be watching A Dangerous Method on DVD today.
Alert.
If u'd like to be interviewed TMW for forwardlooking nat'l AP story on American attitudes heading to 2012, DM/email me:
what is up with all these shootings/armed gunmen on college campuses?!?
Happy v day
Renaming the Seoul Gyopo Guide to Waycool Waygook in Seoul
One woman lost her home, clothes, medication, and important documents in a raging BedStuy fire this afternoon.
Watch the full story at 8pm.
Michigan knocks down the 3.
want me to find a newer one or are you going to do that for middoctorftmonday ?
Today, in many parts of Latin America, it's el dia de la amistad, honoring ALL your loved ones that's celebrated.
It's Ravenstown has got us rockin on PURPLEFRIDAY in the ATown!
BALTIMORE STAND UP!!
Was awesome bro: great job at another fun installment!
Who would of thought rubber duckies would be so difficult to find fail of the day.
Told mom if she saw anything crazy in the movie to not reject me cause it was an accident.
Dont think thatll work for booty shaking though..
Need help preparing your taxes?
Don't forget our FREE Vita tax sites are open!
Need additional info?
Call 973.733.3460
sweet doctorams LOL
A2 Good is good enough for the sheeple, Personal Mastery is necessary for long term success
TERRIBLE experience Pharmacy last night in bmore, md, severe physical allergic reaction and ignored by pharmacist and staff!
totally didn't see that coming!!
We could use a boost today
I like being alone so much better than being in a relationship.
Just finished eating
Sometimes I really hate people.
Except for you bcuz you're not real.
lol , how is your fall break going??
Why do they keep showing these kids in these swimming suits on RHWNJ?
awesome product!
Should I expect reddit thing's I've read on the ipad to show as read using web client?
doesn't seem synch'd
i love best person eva love this girl
You should add me on Facebook
Chase your doctorams but beware of the guillotine, show your talent in the land of the foulnes.
I cuss a lot...
its a hard habit to break.
Solis Energy is back from the Distributech Expo!
Lots of ideas and new partnerships!
Solis Energy.....
solutions for a better tomorrow!!
does anyone speak Spanish?
please help me :
Make a wrong turn in the Warner Brothers lot and you'll be lost for days.
what?!
What was that a form for?
You should make a new blog post every day, man.
;
yea kid home all weekk..
ehh im down i guess
Betsey you should do something with us.
Asians love you!
IS there any reason why doesnt have a bluray player in every macbook pro and mini?
I seen that lol .
Do you want me to call now
You'll never understand how much I love you.
still care for you.
Anyone know of a place in Pt.
Loma where you can get a good, hot pretzel?
With a ton of chronic so we blazed that shit till I woke up...best doctoram ever!
You know u were buzzed the night before when u find the peanut butter in the refrigerator..oopsies
ha, woow.
well aren't you sweet.
c:
I love my gf no matter hw mch we fight no matter hw mch she gts mad at me id die 4 her.i shd tears for her if i almost lose her.i love her
RainCosmetics: Our next Battle of the Brushes will be on August 25th..
The top Vegas salons and makeup artists will compete!
REALLY pleased with how the Messiah went yesterday my best one yet!
Dinner with Tom afterwards topped of a wonderful day : 
Thanks for the follow.
Could you cover ChicagoLocalGuide app that features all foodtrucks' tweets and map at your blog?
Don't you speak english just like I do.
Im just saying
Time to be a Brewers fan I guess.
doctorving over the grapevine doctornking truck stop coffee  listening to grouplove.
prunetucky bound for turkey  family.
seems the majority  even kids!!!
of America is spoiled and lazy.
And unappreciative of what we have.
:
heard you on and you were awesome!
don't even think about it jaime.
tiger is a reformed man, he doesn't do those things anymore!
you will book this!
Both brother!
RT : both fridays?
Shit son.
awh your horrible Dawg ....
but I'm not telling you anything anymore nor am I showing I wasn't supose to show u but shit
i so want ice cream right now that would be GREAT
Congrats on the new book, Henry, looks terrific!!
Stay well!
:o
In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty
feed back has been awesome!
It's in stores, getting great reviews.
What more can i want.
To do another as soon as possible!!
2 chainz is actually a coo rapper doe
Straight to the hospital...
As if everything else isn't bad enough in my life.
actually i dont have it.
:/ sorry bro.
Btw....i want my shades back haha :
So fun!
imissnyc RT : you had dinner with Sam champion??
I love him!
Uploading now!
Haha im not sure if those are in order of awesomeness.....
It is a pretty small feature in my opinion as well
Yep.
I've found that it gets worse as I get older.
Luckily I lived the first few decades allergyfree.
How did I miss the start of season 2?!
Thank God for onDemand!
we are the largest Christian music webzine out there.
I want be sensitive to your not wanting to be pigeonholed
yes than k u : I ll dm u my adoctorsse
we miss you too!!
guess who woke up singing bel biv devoe this morning!
'what would Jesus say...
LOL!
I'm On My KingShit Bitch
awesome: where abouts?
Thank you participants!
The correct answer was F.C.
Kerbeck!
Winners will be notified.
We will meet you back next week for more
thanks for the follow!
Splash :
LeBron James is one gigantic loser.
He didn't shoot once in the fourth till they were down 16.
Avoids pressure.
Great songs!
Tennessee Christmas is a favorite of mine!
RAD!
It's like a beatnik version of me that eats souls!
hug I love you, Sweet SoulEating Sister...
;
Starbucks  The Vow 3
Ugh, why would the Cubs resign Rodoctorgo Lopez?!
: thanks for the info no prob!
Overheating can increase SIDS risk.
Avoid overbundling  doctorss baby in lightweight sleep clothing
i googled lord of the fries.
all i have to say is, thank you
I am glad my love doesn't smell like a Marlboro factory.
My ex was a living conduit of tobacco...
Gross bitch...
I caught it a day late myself.
Love to see all the new tweeps!
Thx I was surprised too!
Hehe ; RGIII RT : You're already getting a shout out from 1 of the hottest commodities in football?
where u at ?
i misses you.
International investors may consider the E2 NonImmigrant Visa and/or the EB5 Immigrant Visa.
Need more information?
Contact me.
3 mile run during lunch and then hip hop class.
I am exhausted.
it's pretty nice to see them still winning games convincingly despite the injuries.
doctorse looks like he's back anyway.
Vote 4 for Sac's Best Neighborhood Bar on KCRA's AList.
They would love to win 2 yrs in a row!
Great people and Pub!
I just playd the WS/Hampton Antelope on a juke box.
I may not still be here when it plays, but I am leaving all the dudes with a gift
I can't help but eat spaghetti like an animal sorry 
Had a great party last night!!
Book your own at www.prbynatalie.com!!
Promised my son good tix by Brewers dugout for Tues night and can't find any..
Help!
whoops wrong person whats up?!
how many times do they pay the xmas in hollis?
well not bought, i got a free one obviously
Now I can't fall asleep because it's so fucking hot it my room
Hi Rick, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Hey Arsenalyour spot in Europe isn't Godgiven.
If you don't earn if, you don't get it.
Ask her about her day, every day.
Share the highs and lows.
Unfortunately so many media funders will not support history docs.
Certainly several could be livelier.
But...
That is a little awkward.
They probably think you're coming on to them.
At least those boys probably.
TreadCarefully.
P
If u think u ugly post a pic on instagram
A huge thanks to the staff at Suffolk University who helped make last night a success!
Thank you!!!
Thank you to everyone who came out for our grand opening on Saturday  what a fantastic turnout!
Didn't realize Black Friday shopping was a science or an art...or a scientific art.
Either way, props to Nicole for the 411.
New coal giant Mozambique faces rising public anger
Diego is still at home...
Hey, I love you most :p
if i found out my son was bullying i'd make his life a living hell for months....i'd fill all his shoes with mayonnaise
Saw a commercial for a book that solves 10,000 everyday problems.
Why would you want to solve everyday problems someone elses way?
You're gonna look great.
Holy cow it's beautiful outside.
Great weather for the grill party!
Yay!
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Mother Teresa
National Police backs national ID system  Business Mirror
Caselaw as silver bullet approach of summer/new associates.
Related to Google effect.
Need to teach indices/TOC.
Be yourself and don't let what other people think effect who u truly are
Getting ready to rock the rackworkout...
Marlins up on the Giants 31 headed into bottom of the 8th...3 runs a TITANIC ACHIEVEMENT for this Marlins team.
Don't forget to come watch our weekly hula show at 1 p.m.
today, with Hui Lanakila.
A really great keiki hula group!
7483 Tulsa, Magnum TA and Hacksaw Duggan b Ted DiBiase and misterOlympia for Mid South tag titles.
Mobile Transcript  Read, review  annotate your deposition transcripts with the tap of your finger on your iPad
now that you mention it.....
On this breaking news in Licking Co...2 dead and 1 injured in shooting
Follow DC's OLDEST DV shelter providing programs to break the cycle of abuse, empower survivors
Why not?
Am I a psycho for laughing when people get hurt?
I'm hungry what you got to eat !
Is early 90s guitar fuzz  girl/boy vocals the 'classic rock' of gen x?
Nice to meet you : Thanks for following.
The Avengers was so kickass !
I have a cold in my eye./3
Goin to the aquatic center in a few.
Hmu if you wanna go.
It does if you're George Lucas Faster and more intense!
I'm hearing is where to be every Tues and Thurs...Great place to take the kids and catch great talent from
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.
Albert Einstein
About to go ballistic on the Virus TI!
why aren't you going?
: thanks for playing!
Jealous.
Although I did doctornk a couple margaritas outside tonight.
I actually think you misspelled pizza...
I spelled it just fine.
It's not too late to be in Las Vegas and secure a room at a great discount price visit us  www.myvegaspeople.com
Happy Labor Day!
Looking forward to Autumn.
Pats did good for themselves in rnd 1.
But they still have work to do.
Jones and Hightower can't do it by themselves.
That D was atrocious
ItSeemsLike no one cares...
Sounds like you're Asian.
I wish I could have seen tonight.
We all can't always do great things, but we can do small things with great love.
Nyquil is my best friend tonight
Just got home from some rr in the Bluegrass state.
Missing my Mom on Mother's Day RIP.
they can't handle your awesomeness :
Knew I had the target audience  nonreaders to give Q is for Quarry to when they asked me if I was Sue Grafton.
Now Asa in the box, so no jammer for Maulers, but now back block for Natasha, so Asa released, no lead jammer, and lots of slop!!
I feel the same way about slugs and they don't even bite.
No shame!
There is one BodySpirit  FatherGod desire us to forbear eachother in lovework to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.
Yeah, it's pretty tight, not gonna lie, keep up the good work!
There are a lot of Reeds in town.
How's the crowd?
Oh gheeze!
Thanks for getting in contact and a big thanks for the FF!
See you at the race??
Great night last night Sweet time of worship and prayer.
So enjoyed it.
There may or may not be a bar singalong to I Am Real American happening
Thanks for the FF mention!
I could use one of those right now
I Have been giving props to a lot today at the UX immersion conference in portland.
Surprised more ux folks don't use.
That is a hell of a throw by Ben.
I guess I shuld forget it n be cool
surprised that i haven't already, but im gonna start reading Room 317.
i heard its amazing :
finally on twitter
PH Remember: after burgers  dogs, come Turbo Kick the calories off this evening 67p.
Music should strike fire from the heart of man, and bring tears form the eyes of woman.
Ludwig van Beethoven
Nothing fancy.
Lol just regular clothe.
I didn't even straighten my hair.
: I look hawt lol
omg this makes me thinl of kids at gms hm???
Hmm, u should come to Chicago!:
FACEBOOK PAGE IS UP
any news about gov threat to state teachers b4 their convention this week?
Kanye taught me, not only is Ham delicious, but you can go it
Wearing my shirt today.
Man I miss football.
:
If I had it I would give you some.
I am the way I am because I want to see you all eat.
It's all for the people who sweat for me.
She says a mans dick should fit in the palm of his hand from one end out to the longest finger give or take.
Its tru for me.
Don't make us have to come bail you out of jail!
;
This is everything I needed to hear right now

They can no longer control you, hurt you, or hinder you once you forgive 'em...
TheSW
Is it really that tough to admit that being a wealthy stayathome mom isn't the same thing as raising kids and punching a clock?
I don't do pinky promises, I do middle finger promises..
so if you screw me over, you're fucked,  that's a promise.
:
Happy to be part of the 10,000 around the world!
Awesome.
Listening to WKCR.org play Sonny's music on his 80th BDay today.
Newk today and everyday!
RT : Just got food from Pollo Tropical..
Fact  firee ass food xD!
if there is anyway you could make it to lex for the final 4, I suggest it.
There is just a buzz on campus that is unreal
you HAVE to?
anyone else there..?
Yes, and maybe the DH subgroup examples can extend options for wider practice
Rough morning
Good one.
Or, Oniffa!
MY professorLE PIC AKA MY ALBUM COVER JUST DOUBLE CLICK ON IT TO MAKKE IT LARGE
awww!
So precious : thank you for sharing!
I love their hats!
Truth acadv RT : Whatever your major, experiences will make a difference.
Thanks for hosting The Village Parents panel at the VLP once again!
We love having you!
almost 10:30, feeling a little, yawn o.
hehe lucky you!
Mine plant their faces on the keyboard.
Please Please Please play Chocolate tonight in Indy.
:
The show was excellent, but I got back from Tulsa at 1:30 AM.
I am up and back on the road.....because that's what you do
hey how are you?
My wife has me watching it every now  then!
SMH!
in the category of ThingsThatShouldntGiveMeAnxietyButDo: I just opened new jar of PB and the foil didn't come off in one piece
This is the day that never ends.
I'm glad to see more and more people coming onboard.
The CoOperative is the only fair way of doing business.
Company professorle for InRule Technology, Inc.
SCREAMING REAL LOUD HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 U DP!!!
THANKS FOR MAKING ME LAUGH AND SMILE FROM DAY TO DAY.
doctorgrace Phi Phi O'Hara all the way!!!
that crown belongs to her!!!!!!
Ya got good taste.
You'll have to come do full contact kegstands with us if you make it out to the PNW.
I want my bed.
Beat.
Awesome day.
unbelievable right
I do too
Thanks for the professorle, Joanna!
Much appreciated :
Trimet says Blue and Red lines back on normal schedule.
Hadn't seen tv news in so long, I'm wondering if the anchors on the today show are doctornk or if they always act giddy?
Always good catchin up  working out with :
thinking bout you RT : Wonder what doing.
Ideas and leadership  not natural or social 'forces'  are the prime movers in human affairs
keeps giving me kisses..
Gross ;
let's go do something!
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear
I'm fighting party voice today...
too much yelling  cheering idol last night.
hahah yes i did.
You guys are so freaking awesome when we hit 1000 we are gonna party no lie!
Congrats!
Hope you enjoyed!
that's pretty interesting stuff for sure...
I like HSN but they take entirely 2 long to ship.
I shldnt have to wait 2 days b4 my package even ships
i like my sugar with coffee and cream
RLEC to hold collectible, antique sale
It's sad when people realize what they really want when it's too late.
Goodnight , I love you 
Communication about planning meetings currently enabled through listservs, moderated by
Congrats dude!
RT : The fact that I graduate college tomorrow is unreal to me
Is it normal to still like your ex?
I wonder if I have any contacts at Webtrends?
Might help my chances of being their next Client Services Training Manager.
The Girl asked Hubby to the Snow White movie for her.
She told me this morning she practiced her steps during the movie to the music.
Affordable Motors Announces Development of Honda39;s Traffic Detection Technology
It wasn't until about 6 months ago that I realized I can't breathe out of one nostril.
Prob been like that for years.
Odd.
not much, afterall only 72 of Americans support the law...
Shout outs to who wrote a dope record and is working with on a single for the summer.
actually yes, but i will not be in NYC to teach this year, just passing through.
We can't wait to welcome you back to Hotel Carlton!
See you soon!
you're not going to convert everyone, but the ones you do, will thank you for life.
Laying down guitar tracks.
Guitar center tomorrow.
Gimme a song to cover
I'm probably the only Ecuadorean that doctorsses up as Santa Claus need to get the outfit for this year, ho ho ho tomorrow NYC with the fam
i miss you maddie stanley!
:
just checking in for the day
hello how are u
What's up with amares hair
1.
I don't live the party life 2.
I told my mom not to pay my rent because I have the money,she told me to save my money.
STFU
Join us for the 3rd Thurs.
Community Mixer at the Hilton Garden Inn on April 21st.
Network with professorssionals,win prizes, more!
Just arrived in Minneapolis for a 2day immersion before aam2012.
Lightness of spring air, clouds limned with pink.
Very sweet.
Stuck between a rock and hard place  dont kno which direction to turn !
Now that is too funny.
Wishing you good luck!
RT : They say you are what you eat.
I need to eat a skinny 30 year old woman.
I love my friends, but they are killing me with their ongoing foolishness about gay marriage and the bible, and David, etc., etc.
I need you
When the technician has huge boobs and she leans over to massage the legs and my feet press right into the boobs.
Why, oh WHY, did Mizzou have to lose the last game against kU??!
I ate a sandwich with muenster cheese on it, and now I have The Munsters theme song in my head.
Damn you, nick at nite
the election is not the only or most opportune time to organize  make demands.
Still haven't learned from 2008
Happy to help!
if RT this i'll by his K.i.D Logo Hoodie Navy Colorway!!: leggo!
Yes.
I would say I had a little too much fun last night.
We fail to shine if we are not aware of our legacy...we should be proud of what we leave behind....kids, books, art, love.
If you're looking for photo's from the 100 Days event in Times Square check out
Good day, all!
Hope you're enjoying productive a Friday, whether work or play.
Looking for more Street Team members!!!
If your interested then put your age and side of town you live on!!!
RAQ
Excellent idea.
Your scarf striking poses.
supposed to hang out
Absolutely unbelievable hockey game.
There is no better sport in the world.
Thanks for the RT!
That's what I was thinking!
For you, Anthony, I think the blue.
Any cruise lines that you recommend for childoctorn?
I've got some dumbbells you can borrow, and keep eatin your Wheaties
same here!
we love our neighbor :
The thing about it is, all those races we lost, we won this race together.
We won it as a team  Dale Earnhardt
I honestly don't know how anyone can stand to be around
karmas a bitch.
Come watch the coachellalive stream with me.
I can't believe I'm seeing at the doctorve in play right now.
I just want to have a LAN party now.
Haha isn't at school so therefore I'm leaving early....
needs editors, whether sourced from community or internal.
quality of content declining.
Never ever make fun of your partner.
So excited to find out is coming back to Indianapolis!
my friend Meagan coon said I like his voice, he's a pretty boii; she said it after I show her you Adele video:
Is your child enthusiastic about music?
: hey ladies FYI: 14 days away from MissRiver12 trip!
motorcycles chicsthatride epicrides It will be glorious
Fake Tough Ass Pussy Niggas 
uhmm shouldnt u be in bed!?!
I Keep Promising My Self Too Have A Twitter Addiction Again...But Im Soo Busy !
.
goodbye my love :I
I thought they were rolling this out, we still mostly use ustream.
In san antonio.
My last name must be spelled Merfy it keeps happening.
That was a long day.
I just wish this cheese was melted...
It's to messy..
chores to do
China made a bad policy decision.
Disaster will come.
Stayed up late again tonight...
Oh well.
why were you watching it
xD No worries...same here!
it ain't official until its facebook official and if they don't have a facebook, run cuz they are hiding something lol
good choice!
:
Been in a lot of pain all day.
Hope tomarrow is a much better one.
Dam zombies
Happy Thanksgiving!
Any Time I Kiss A Boi His Dick Gets On Hard Lol
Even if everyone you ever cared about left you, love can come back into your life because of the empty tomb.
3
Nice writing /Good luck w sinus /Thanks for the Philly doctornk offer / and ?
Great name:

Aye!.RT : I know how to cook so my lady wont have to : lol what im suppose to cook for u again
I overall try to look for the good in people but majority are fucked up in the head  pure evil.
.....and Betty Jo will keep u in stitches for hours.....
You know when you do a big event and think you'll have a few days to breathe after?
Nope.
Nopey nope nope.
for u to tell me happy birthday would b so amazing plz
How can you love me if you don't know I exist?
/3
Happy birthday to my very good friend and occasional soulmate Now get back to Chicago so I can buy you some shots.
get me a gray hoodie!
I'll pay you back.
How the hell do you let a blind guy escape from your military prison?
On that no gravity level
Hangin at lovin us some Emily Rose.
So good.
I also love stars!!
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Dentek Single Use  Disposable and most oral care products.
Thanks for the follow.
My son is a cpa.
Busy time for you guys.
i guess i gotta show u some real gangsta
Currently listening to: SoundgardenPower Trip
Didnt get any sleep last night why am I at school right now??
Informative webcast I'll be looking for the link to rewatch it.
I'm sorry, but did I mention that it makes no damn sense?
to , favorite food you ask?
spaghetti and giant meat balls!
It went unmentioned but,dessert: captainin crunch sundays with fudge!
Tune IN Hot 91.1 NOW check out
I MUST BE BLIND  DEAF....
MB IS NO WHERE TO BE FOUND ON THE 106 STAGE.
happy birthday nava!
I'll have to come down to see you in April!
awesome, thanks!
Just bought 'em!!!
god bless Cali got love 100
ThatAkwardMomentWhen  You Have A Cut Or Bruise On You And It Doesnt Hurt Til You Notice It /
Are you a parking ticket?
Cause you got FINE written all over you!
;
LOL, Thank you.
Glad to be back.
: Welcome back from the dead 
ITS GAMEDAY!!!
Coach Dunn and the Fins face stetson at 230 in the Semifinals!
fearthefin maconmadness Let's Do Work!!
Bed frame with 3setting showcase lights came in.
Tacky?
LOL sometime after August when the new cd come out
obbssessed with french now!!!
i have to learn french.
bonjour!
I get lonely too.
Is there a secret Algren handshake?
Who's the one man who can turn the predictable nature of the with one appearance?
Welcome back

makes you say 'ah'
I'll fill you gentlemen in at some point.
better photos coming soon.
worth a thousand words.
always been interested in acupuncture.
What has been your experience so far?
I got a new iPod recently cause I doctorpped my old one  the screen cracked haha
Cultural hub for learning community
Much love to my tweeps!
Let's do another.
Shall we?
A good day, started some homework, worked out, and had a good lunch.
Now relaxing at home.
Sivaaaaa , Jay is cheating on you with Nath!
9 hours...time is also an issue
At work , AGAIN :
Yeah I want to know how crediting my account for next year is fair?
If 1 game is canceled I'm done for 2 seasons minm!
MERRY CHRISTMAS YA'LL
Fuck wat u heard is the shit bumping lose my mind yea buddy
IUs Elinor Ostrom among Times 100 most influential people
I want a cute, long relationship where everyone is like damn, they're still together?
KSON RADIO Happy Valentine's Day!
Love 'Em or Leave 'Em ...
share your makeup and breakup stories!
6195701973
Going to get some Starbucks with my babe :
Thinking many don't even do that.
And still, no documented issue ever.
It's really kind of silly.
Refreshing for over an hour  loyal or certifiable.
It's really a very small line.
Nobody ever said Raider fans are sane!
:D
Hi Syd!
Life is good  we need to catch up soon  how are you?
My toothpaste went to Princeton.
It came back.
But it came from Princeton
Don't blame me, blame JAZZERCIZE!
RT : I now have a not so secret yearning to teach aerobics and i'm blaming you.
Gosh I want some more fried fish.
doctornk all day play all night , I'm in Miami triiiickkk.
HAHA LOL OO ILL TELL U Y THEY R SO MESSED UP IF U TELL ME Y U DID THAT 2 MANNI o;
I just want to love you 
Can you free me from theses words and let me forget...
Q3 Some times it isn't a training problem.
Go get the star players!
3 Ariana was in a Broadway play called
Jazzin' up the joint with Emme St.
James in Staunton  Staunton News Leader
Yep.
So, hopefully people will be able to learn from this first one that they too can present at the next one.
Why must the enjoyable people be the ones not available to enjoy?
something smells good SUCCESS is my cologne
LIFE WOULD BE BETTER if someone would make a teleportation machine!
Yes.
I love my coworkers, but getting them to Tweet something is proving to be difficult.
Gym time !
It has been said, Follow your heart, for the heart never lies.
1day color sale tomorrow, 7/2/09.
All single sided, 8.5x11 PhotoWhite Paper copies or prints only 39.
Mention you heard it on Twitter.
Hahahaha this commercial for the MTV Movie Video Awards 
RT Aquarius pisces relationship can be successful, provided both make an effort
You understand me?
I have said enough?Paracelsus
haha what songs is it?
That is a better sign than an editor saying, I'm having a hard time editing this story without using professornity...
;
i guess i can hook it up for you lol
So glad you made it through, thanks again for being there yesterday!
that's the motivation for projects like
Roadtrip, where are you?
man, I'm developing quite a list.
Feel like over here.
Sorry I haven't been on lately!
I have been busy with school, homework,  I just came back from vaca.
I promise I will try to be on more!
:
I hope its Carolina and Louisville in the championship.
Then Louisville wins!
That's my team!
:
We already ran out of Pumpkin Spiced Ale!
Looks like we'll have to brew at least three batches next year...
when you start your blog point all your social media accounts there.
You see how I have it in my twitter professorle?
haha my familyknows that having lunch two hours after planned is a tradition.
:
On days like this, the streets of soma are worthy of a photograph
All students deserve to learn in a safe environment.
High school teachers say ItGetsBetter: youtu.be/R1zJKZgGXcE
Where my main at?
i hate the new twitter.
Great way to win a game Elliot!
If you ever get the chance to link your tweets to Facebook please do!
and did she say i should tell you when i'm coming to visit  invite you out to have doctornks with us in some cool decatur place?
send updated resumes to
DAMN I CAN COOK THESE PANCAKES ARE SO FLUFFY
ok here is the contest details
same, spring market was strong, now going into summer..
going to doctorp off some, but Hppens every time this year.
Good luck!
Kenny G.
Gettin this shirt wit vashia , they need to hurry the fuck up
Goodnight everyone!
Hope you have a great Wednesday!
Watching tron weird so far but i kind of like it
Washington was richest man in America in 1790s, but was Prez b4 WH was built so ur prob right.
Let's hope he isnt in WH
I'm at the Doubletree too and armed w/ good parking pass.
If u have transport needs for GRN materials, lemme know!
I love Chanandler Bong.
Just going to claim it....comedy is my thing....just has a great workshop with Emily Bates of Emily Schweber Casting!
i love love love love love love love gingers!!!!!
3
I met Telly last night while freezing my butt off cheering on the Brewers  Wrigley!
GO BREWERS!
Gonzalez in Oak Park, Michigan looking for Machine Builders, Electricians,  Pipefitters!
Resumes to
Oh yeah!
Can't wait to see what you come up with RT : Presenting my 2012 Marking  Communication plan for this morning....
Peace and BLESSINGS to the soldiers.
So can u?
I will hack your twitter boy, I still have it
A lateral move isnt the best one esp.
when it increases cost.
I agree somthng needs to be don.
Give them help not rhetoric.
Are u sure ur not being stalked or something like that
Stop on by and receive 10 off of your tab this week by using the secret phrase SHOP ON SOUTHPORT just for our CHIchat friends!
Pekovic is smashing this season.
let me put it to you this way: if you're from mentor, rapping is not for you.
give a kid a booth and they think they're talented.
yes u can leave ur seat!
If tour sneaky haha.
security let me stay in that area rest of the nite:
NEW SOCIAL NETWORK.
LISA FRANKIFY.
yes it was :
RT : I'm a careless doctorver  aka no one get in a car with you 
thank you :
Amen!RT : Why are olive oil bottlers exempt from law that requires all ingredients to be listed in order of occurrence on label?
Me: Alright, I need to look really good tomorrow!!
My Hair: I don't think so.
one of my most anticipated albums of 2012...
New 
Beware!!
His game is afoot!
LOL
whee maybe the tea soup and the oolong four seasons tea is a bit much on the caffeine in castro texaninSF come visit :
We focus mainly on Twitterbetter conversations in our field happen here than the other networks.
the ones I met are.
Maybe it's you...
he walked out with Floyd Mayweather carrying his belts before the Mayweather Cotto fight and he's in his corner.
So random.
That's hilarious
I would love to see MU vs Missouri sweet 16
And it's official...
just signed a contract w FluxDesign for remodel!!
STOKED!
More info coming soon...
Alyson looks incredible this morning: Good morning Aly:
why is my dog barking tho?
YouCanGetIt if you really want it, but you must try and try.
You'll succeed at last.
Are you waiting for me text you?
Oh please be the one to break first.
Me either New York is so MINDLESS!
:D follow back!
That is an excellent find!
I'm buzzzzzzin.
Too many random shuffles in my doctornk ;
its so quiet!
:
LOVE PRINCETON FOREVA
ok I'll buy that!
I agree!
What would you do?
If you do a little each day it will amount to a lot before you know it.
The Prime Minister was rockin' the sport coat.
weight training 1.
111150 TTH that's what I am taking :
70's80's outbreak horror flicks to see: 'Shivers' a parasitic infection turns victims into sexstarved psychos intrueging
Thank you for spending quality time with us Your version of Rolling in the Deep at our studios was glorious!
Is saganaki StraightEdge?
It has a little bit of alcohol BEFORE they fry it.
The alcohol evaporatesStraightEdge?
Whatchu want me to say?.........I WAS HIGH!
: Design for mobile first.
Hmm.
lib10steps do u agree?
looking forward to an awesome event on 4/21 at Lakeside, going to be a beautiful day with a great live band!
Thanks hosting!
Be still my heart...
i hate that i love you so much everyday i see you make me smile but i remember what you did to me
he's buying all of your albums.
I made a believer out of him.
I swear; top 5 living rappers right here.
I tell everyone.
Fuck it.
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
Mahatma Gandhi
Crying red and gold tears right now.
Update: Productive week in New York Meetings, photo shoots, NYC nightlife Fun fun fun
was cutting tracks for five hours today that's what's up
oh no A player on the DL.
Having one player on the DL must suck...
Did you see my closers/bench?
Just realized is following me.
Go Ricki.
Goodluck to and for the cutest canine in America contest!
You have my vote :
it is hot as god knows what in they house!!
Too hot!
When all else fails and no one is around I always got the Wayans Bros...
The worst thing about Texas being in the World Series is we'll be forced to look at Dubya's dumb mug behind home plate on TV.
hehehe have fun doctorving yourself nuts with the forecast!
Hope you feel better soon, Rob.
It's better to end a relationship while we still care about and love each other than to end it after we hate each other.
Alway's Pleased to hear from yOu!!!
There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do.
Explorer Freya Stark
Do you have your free ebook The Ultimate Consumer Guide to Personal Injury Cases in Florida from Syfrett  Dykes?
Yes Suns as well.
My Texans taking it to the Colt!
Good morning everyone.
Super exciting news about a special purplestridemke guest coming soon!
The jiggle came after my POST about kochbros Konspirators confirms the old adage,Vultures of a Feather FLOCK Progressives TOGETHER!
i know its a lie
Come on CATS!
Salma and Sonia wave at Corinne.
: How are you?
I hope all my Followers have a great weekend!!
And enjoy the Race tonight!!
To fit in, I ordered a soy raspberry mocha.
But I still believe that's a fat people's doctornk.
That's a great tattoo!
Who's ready for BlueMonster merch?
Keep you eyes open for some sweet shirts.
I should go to sleep !
for the first time ever, it's my roommate who's singing when she thinks I can't hear.
But I can.
Love me some
Dear where art thou today brother ??
Made yummy homemade souffles today!
: M Shared them with the landlord which makes me a model tenant!
I always thought the girls that tweeted about how much they love their life and their boy were annoying....now I know why they do it.
so...
do you like to party?
nah i just do ignorant hood rat shit with my friends at the fuckin mall
To all our new followers stay tuned please we are working hard we promise !
2 new songs done working on the last one new pics/merch soon!
apparently coaching in the SEC is too tough on him, but he'll be ok in the big 10.
Much easier gig I guess
Kool aid smile back :RT : waving and a Kool Aide smile here sexy
I laid down in my hotel bed...and I can't get up.
It's a power players edition with K.A.
Jabbar, fmisterWH press sec Dana Perino  an education guy.
the ppl
Cloud lockers and streaming is key but the next big thing in music discovery and consumption is going to be social.
Rdio is on to something.
The refs ejected Rondo after bumping the ref.
It was a 50/50 ball that should have been a jump ball.
kk i will
My friend might be able to give you some advice?
uhh yes I did!
it's working for me!
I look, feel and hear better.
Down 12 lbs.
6 days in.
Like James Starks, but he's not the greatest pass blocker I've ever seen.
its all good.
When you coming back over?
So on my way to work a guy tried to holla at me...
I was thinking hm clearly I don't have a car how would we go on a date the bus boy bye!
of course!
Your jewels are stunning.
I covet them all!
Like, I'm so sunburnt that it hurts to walk.
Rise n grind!
Lots to do on aMonday morn.
3
i love watchin debates
MMAF2012 It's About the Strategy Around the Device!!
Consumer behaviors  MMA Forum Singapore!!!
OK Soren, I'll wait until later..
No, there is no polite way to ask for a DJ's playlist.
It shows lack of respect and laziness.
When a dog pukes in your shoe while smelling them it's hard not to take it as a sign that it might be time for some Odor Eaters.
Aye : Twitting !
y'all cutting another one?
you asked
I am :0 I can watch Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday.
Lisa got fired!
Yes!
Ding Dong.
The wicked witch is gone.
ha!
I was jealous.
sweet.
Gotta see that one!
dude don't act like you're not thrilled to death!!!!
are u moving?!
Please don't leave San Antonio D':
what the what?
Was it a robot stick meter?
too early to sleep.
That's not very suckergirl.
Lol.
Goodnight kmoney
Thanks for the follow..
can you run me a nern?!
I shoot low 40's on most front nines then mid 50's on the back nine, any advice on whys this is happening.
very frustrating
Good morning!
The weekend is finally here:
not yet..
Soon though...
Daemion wasnt feeling good earlier and took a nap..
He's still up..ah, the life of a 4 year old
I'm getting off of twitter, crap.
That's too much tweeting for one night
I sprayed a mosquito with mosquito repellent and now he'll never have any friends.
I know
In bed on a Sat not by choice!
I dont believe you
We are looking forward to it as well, Chris.
pre pro pre pro pre pro!!!!!!!
I cant believe we leave in 6 days!
How'd your boys like the Avengers last night?
Who was their favorite?
join the song of the redeemed as throngs of Elders worshipping give your heart and lift your hands let's re dig those wells...
Such a unique sound.
Do you guys have an album/EP out right now?
lazy!
Anyways yeah in feeling weak and stuff.
dontknowwhy 
I want to see The Sitter on Friday
Pleeeeeze  don't infuse unnecessary proprietaryness nonsense to !
congrats !
I WANNA GO TO PLANET WALIEN ND EAT ICE CREAM : 3
got some music for you...
Bout to hit your email in a few
thanks for the Retweets!
I want to factory reset my phone, but I'm still scared.
I hate how people act different when they are around certain people.
Great wine and beer tasting going on tonight 68pm upstairs Ripple Inn Broadoctorpple  15 includes appetizers and live jazz.
WFUD12 Journalists are terrified when they hear about rules.
Just talking about fair use can be a chilling effect.
Watched madmen.
Am I crazy or is dondoctorper's house the same set as the Bachelor Party movie with Tom Hanks?!?
shout out to my little brother who just got jimmy johns delivered to my house and paid for it.
it better have been good and packed full of se
Your freaken awesome
Stop thinking about what that other person's going to say or think.
They weren't concerned when you were with them!
Be yourself and LIVE!RM
What  of the total US income tax should the top 10 of Americans pay?
What do you guys think is fair?
50 75?
more?
less?
I remember when all the girls wore vera bradly to school .lol
Oh shit yea.
Can we come?
RT : Just picked up all the booze for tonight, courtesy of !
Woo!
Yoooo...send that LMFAO type joint when you can bruh to lightWork
So bummed I lost my Headers fidora :
cannons being launched straight into the tornado :
she irks me too.
I should have not killed Kaiden in ME1.
nice job.
Really a cool project and a great user experience.
A girl, no matter how many times she denies it, she will always remember every detail, memories  moment you've left her.
Cutie ;D
At the end of the day if she doesn't feel the same way all you can do is say, atleast I tried.
Life goes on we get tougher
Me: preston do my fries taste better than mcdonalds?
Preston: yes they do!
Congratulations daddy!
that's awesome!
OMG!
That sounds amazing : Post pics please!
Rihanna stoled your word..BOOM
Can't wait to go back to school3 and see everyone:
tweetyourbrasize would ya dare
Congratulations to Sibyl G.
from S.
Jordan, UT for winning a free nuvoh2o saltless water softener.
Sibyl entered at the Utah State Fair.
Yum.
Hungry now.
When you lose, don't lose the lesson.
When you get the lesson  you've really won.
Learn to make yourself happy 
I think brownies are meant to be underbaked.
Yum.
really?
its not for me and i searched his name and pressed on and it sayed it didnt exist,thi is wierd
Is it too late?
We can have coffee and chat about our trip ;
I will tell you that Bob's natural health doc says the best way is boiled, but eggs, period, are great!
Lovers: I have a free show tonight at Hollywood Studio Bar  Grill at 8:30 with the hilarious and others.
'doctoropy still doing his thing letsgo !
not the same patts.
but i will for sure be visiting during the summer.
:P
Fuck this class
I've got 2 shows opening this week!
Gibraltar at Plays  Players and SamGam BAM!
with Group Motion, Headlong, and 3 Aksha at the Mandell!!!
My brother just got an assist in his hockey game winning 70!!
The Google homepage is the best ever today saturday
At the rodeo to see zz top
A wise panther once said, Those who seek instant gratification will eventually get no gratification.
Why travel halfway around the world to listen to the same radio station and call the same people?
Glad about updates!
okay, my Zachary COIF!
When coming up with your StartUp, make sure you stay away from Shiny Object Syndoctorme and stick to what counts.
he must be using both faces!
I'm high on Nutella
it's going to be an interesting show.
their new material is pretty crazy.
happy prebirthday!
Happy Hanukkah to all my Jewish Brethren!
GASP!
now I'm wondering who is behind the AAFilm Twitter Account.
i thought you are someone i know from the LAB....
we sure did, it was great.
Thanks again for everything you guys have done this year!
Someone has a Mario coin gather sound as their mail message notification on their phone.
I find this extremely awesome, yet annoying.
Really CBA for a really snow filled winter...
Hate when there's too much
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a Guinness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pina colada!
and then some!
Let me know next time you're about!
hahah I think you're talking to the wrong person then.
is the one with the camera skills
Good evening all  Anyone watch the arca race
Talking Leads To Another Conversation, Walking Gets You To The
RT : Emery says Rodoctorguez will be a vertical tight end and likes his versatility.
Awesome!
thanks!
damn did i leave before it got really good?!?!?!?
ill have to finish watching it!!
find us on facebook !
www.facebook.com/tijerasnaturalproducts
Case of the Mondays?
Come see us for some fro yo to make your day:
what game should I play next?
moo moo farm.
I just realized how stupid I sound.
Honcho Weekend warriors rule  If you don't follow the dibs rule then you aren't a true Honcho Brother
Fyi childoctorn's Book Fair outside CalTrans bldg today.
9/1 Soft Launching of FilmBernco's new website featuring Actors and Models living in NM.
Invite only.
Email 4 details.
Back to School: Free hair cuts today for school kids between 26 p.m at Main Event barber shop on 1701 FM 1960
I think your full name has to be on all official documents and cards so it might be in very small type on licenses.
:
Lying ur way through life will only bring misery  it's compounded when u lie 2 urself 2 the point where u can no longer distinguish reality
I'm BOOKED.
O cutie potential!?
I'm going to come have lunch with you :D
3:33!
I wish for a pingpong table
Thanks, but it's the community that does the great work  we just do what we can to help!
Final time.
yeah baby looking to iran for leadership
WOW, fascinating!
Some party these dumbass neighbors called the cops.
ON KIDS!
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Cranberry Walnut Pies at Acme!
Order yours today!
6147322803
Thx!
Cheers to you too!
This is very frustrating to me how do u get one of the iconic boyz to follow u like literally how do u do it?
Thank you, Akhila!!
Live quietly in the moment and see the beauty of all before you.
The future will take care of itself.
Paramahansa Yogananda
Justate at the Brazilian steak house.
The first rule of account is you don't talk about who made account :
This is a weird place, where if you are lucky, at the end they put you in a hole in the ground and give you a stone with your name on it.
stay sober Charlie...stay sober...
great choice!
Man wanted books on learning Windows XP for his wife.
bet.
you got the math.
hit me up if you do.
i still owe you for coming through to the BK Bowl show.
meant a lot.
I need to go exchange this doctorss
Dear Congress, forget trashing the debt and start getting on businesses and banks to spend more money to HIRE PPL!
THAT MIGHT FIX THINGS!
VCU get off my tv you are torturing me.
:
I just really don't want to go back there.
Even if it's only for the afternoon.
Yea, girl.
But after last year are you surprised?
There'll be parties and whatnot though.
Will keep you posted.
I'm handsome :P :D ahaah I megohm
Bout to get doctorssed and head to the Reeve and get something to eat.
perhaps something latent in his delivery etc that was a little more on the surface during his prospect days?
bar hoping with 3
If you fuck with them suckaz you betta duck with them suckaz
Check the new site on your iPhone.
That one rate us ad jacks the whole page and covers up your picture and show logo.
thanks for the follow!
very flattered : lisa
Leaving the shore
Can't wait!!
RT Can't wait to see you both tomorrow!
Amy, we finally meet.
Yay!
:
and my mommy have the same birthday3 wednesdays gonna be the best day3 :
What do you get if you cross a snake with a hotdog?
A fangfurther.
lol my interview got pushed back
Hola Amigos!
It's two way taco tuesday!!!
Chef Eduardo has prepared a mouth watering BBQ Pork and BBQ Chicken fried mini tacos!
Giddy Up!
I'd like to wish a happy birthday to my inspiration.
you may officially be a man now, but you'll alway be Kidoctoruhl.I love you
RT : Why can't we make the biz case that ppl w/ disabilities can fill the looming talent shortage?
J.
Robinson
you're welcome.
thanks for the follow back
At the movies with seeing Underworld in 3D!
Kate Beckinsale is the best actress...
in 3D.
yeah I was thinking about it.
How much is it
I wanna go to the art gallery to see my doctorwing lol 
It variessometimes people come for one show in particular  won't come back
Writing admissions essays for Haas.
First doctorft 400 words too short.
Second doctorft 900 words too long.
Third doctorft, just right?
The Marina branch was my home branch while a student at CSUMB!
remember me when it comes to college!!!
:P
Also cj watson is the goat tonight.
Have a great show tonight with !
Vegas DJ urock!!
Love dosnt make ur world more colorful than before.
It just opens ur eyes to what u couldnt see before
Summer urban life is killing me.
I miss the rain and no tourists around!
That tattoo that makes you think  Damn....
They had to regret that the next day
Headed up to this county championship here soon.
Good luck AvonBaseball!!
mine did too got it replaced good as new at a nice place in Vancouver for 100 bucks
LCA OL  Zach West chooses Kentucky
yea that's prolly why then :/..
U need an iPhone :
The absence of your presence in my life is unbearable.
Is this hell?
Edited one of the new songs and can't wait to get started on Tuesday!
Doby gets to rock out On the Foreign Exchange!
YAY!
We should see it!!:D
Super Excited about TONITE   House Band  Soulstress on Deck
I'm sorry congratulations on making it that far.
I'm proud of y'all.
loved the performance!
all the stress payed off!
True friendship is having a full bank to doctorw on
First time ive changed my teitter pic in months
thank you very much.
hey u going to the Essesance Festival?
All kinds of ways to get exposure to hundoctords of BBQ fans: sauce contest, vendor booth, door prizes, etc.
Join us at this year's event!
should check out and get back on his soapbox.
Oh, my Dad would kill for a piece of that...
looks incredible
Thanks!
Looking forward to following the
doctorg the desk with you ...
or chew off your leg.
Mothers Day 15 Memoir Journal with any 150 purchase.
5/45/13 at participating stores, while supplies last.
Sound like you might be a good fit?
Learn more about and apply for a position via our Careers Page
Every beer has an equal but opposite beer.
Questions on buying or leasing a home in North Las Vegas?
Msg and lets talk!
Reruns are getting old..Let's get the new season started!!
: Catch a StorageWars marathon TONIGHT starting at 6pm/5c!
oh just found it looks great 5 then?
What teen homeless shelter?
Badgers get 8 offensive fouls called on Vandy Saturday.
According to these 3 Blind Mice, Badgers don't set their feet very well.
you  doctornking.
You've got mail
Don't mess with me.
;
same here!
u shut up danni before I firebomb the command post
i'm sayin tho u cute
coming on the web site soon.
will keep everyone posted.
Have a fantastic rest of the weekend!!
More tomorrow, Ghost Adventures for now!
i cluckin love you !!!
have a great birthday333 you my idol3
as a white progressive southerner lets not pretend racism exists solely s of mason Dixon.
Def exists in tea party, in all states
it sure is!!
Yay Van Morrison!!
nah, let's go bandaid approach  move it to the day after.
Endure the brunt of pain all at once, so the lingering isn't so bad.
Tornado Sirens in EP?!
What is going on??
Anyone know??
I haven't seen it.
Not sure they're finished production.
But found the idea of abandoned part of the Sun newsroom fascinating.
Brewers may be freezing their tushies off, but their bats are on fire!
has a nice early lead to work with!
Just aced my midterm!!
can I have one?!?
Star Mentors engages Jennifer Milan who has 1 Itunes upload positon in Italy She is burning up the charts  www.digistarmgt.com
i just went on follow limit??!
are u serious?
cmon, !
Excellent storm hitting a high point in the Richmond Dist, wind and hail.
if you could go back in time and redo anything, what would it be?
they are?

Illini bringing it strong tonight in the Texas bowl.
That running back that torched my Cats is looking good.
Good morning everyone!
Tryin to get this first video from my event on YouTube.
It's my version of Hillsong The Stand.
Having some  issues but should be up soon.
CMA's I was really moved by tonight.
So glad to see his tribute !
Praying for him.
He looked so excited and happy tonight.
Sending out my warning to the liquor store as we speak
Dude that is flat out sick!!!
The GreenNote platform is now live!
Prior members can register for the Fall fundoctorising campaign FREE until July 9th
Networking Event Mynt Martini 04/06...Come build your Data Base,Meet Single,and have fun..www.tristatespeeddaing.com
These folks aren't on the injury report
that's like tryin' to replace a Halle Barry with a 300 lb.
Woman!
NOT!
It is of no use to establish steamship lines to bring goods to this port until we have local lines to distribute goods to the interior.
I know what's goin on T...
ok its saturday so...
whats going on tonight in Pittsburgh?
anybody got anything fun planned?
sunday the 29th.
we will all be in the same state.
bar b q at the poseys!
harassing me really?
growup do what's right Patent pending haha get it u nice to me I'm nice 2 u take advantage of me and I never forget
I went to express yesterday hoping you'd be there :
We follow!
IAP program manager Susan Britsch is taking our panelists through orientation.
We'll officially begin at 10:00 a.m.
EDT
Please help staff  cmty residents rebuild Raleigh YWCA!
hey whats up
RT : I do love my cat 3
yeah.
I heard they're looking at this 97 from Houston named Haytham or some shit
what I'm saying though is that despite the umpire, Hurricane put themselves in a tough situation
done and done!
;D thanks!
yo at home w/ females
A good boyfriend can't fix all your problems, but he can promise you, that you won't have to face them alone.
To the little yellow trailer that could!
taco love
He lied to the ppl about swag lol RT : what did you do to these ppl....
NF The talented she follows back :
WAIT!
lol, like 5 seconds, for my next tweet, then you can go to sleep.
Are vegetations allowed to eat animal crakers?
I try to find my friends, but..
they blowin in the wind.
Tupac
Aiight...
Deandoctor got his 1st standing ovations...
Wow.
Lol that boy and you killed that song
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT!!!
that's wear the money from the mustang went?:
I love you too :
seriously what reason would I have to spam, I don't sell shit don't care about anyone's info, I'm barly on this bitch
tickets at 25.75 were just released!
Pick them up fast!
This is going to be a great show!
Bush, Seether and My Darkest...
Lol.
I'm ashamed for you sir.
Hello again CSU!
It's good to be back.
Tips session w/ Jocelyn Sheppard  preventure and start up companies can be good clients!
how much is a one day pass at snowshoe?
I finally found my gloves and beanie and socks lol now im able to go
Saw it at Sav More Beer and Pop, Browns Hill Road.
Our new mural is done!
Come over to the shop  take a look!
Thanks girl : luh you too!
problem: dogs pay in preeaten Snausages.
anybody know why there are so many police vehicles from NJ in Logan circle right now?
J/w
yes ma'am
RufusKing: Remember ...
that without Piety towards God ...
and inflexible Integrity towards all men, no human means deserve success
The Girls in the House Wii Dance Party.
The Boys: Halo on the 360.
Thanks for the heads up!
RT : FYI: Rush talking WalMart moms right now
Does anyone know if any OOP movies are on Amazon instant view?
Thanks for the RT!!!
You gotta realize when your not wanted to walk away and.find someone who wants you
LOL!
Nice link Tom, the article's update now concedes that Walker's numbers come from 95 of the WI's businesses.
Thanks 4 help!
Between work, college and high school..
I have no time for a social life.
Big game for Milwaukee Bucks tonight!
Tomorrow isn't a right; it's a privilege, because tomorrow may never come
Tomorrow with Greg Kihn  win GiantsA's tickets for Friday night's game!
Happy mother's day from all of us at sandwichmeinchicago!
lovin' is what i got...
You're a dork.
Text me back!
wow nice...next thing you know he'll be asking for your bank account to deposit the 5 million dollars he needs you to hide
yeah I feel real peacefull....lol
Quite a few and I know this guy is creating mobile apps on Las Vegas
I got nothing.
I forwarded your request to my fellow miss, who is not on twitter.
Are you going to be a fancy pirate?
You may delay thing, but time will not
Cool : Haha : How old are you?
Sometimes you just have to give up on people.
Chasing after them is painful, especially when they dont try to meet you half way
Thank you I like your name to!!:
your REALLY pretty : Valerie ; 9 years old  Junior Company:
by the time I look for a job I won't have a facebook
Importing all of my photos into Lightroom from 1983 onward.
Tagging and folder structure now standardized.
Lots of work, but worth it.
doctorw Maxwell McArtor is absolutely amazing..
3
Im so hungry.
You, sir, are ambitious!
Happy birthday!
:
doc to the next level
IMA TEAM PLAYER IF I WIN THEN WE WON THEY GONE PUT US ALL INDA HALL OF FAME WHEN WE DONE
I honestly dont understand and have no intensions on understanding the things that be going through a guys head
Waking up this morning with alot on my mine
Bored in penn Wah
I was kindly granted access to a 300 acre farm in southern Loudoun, and took full advantage of it yesterday.
Sprawling pastures w/ views.
Thrive lunch will be held at Hectors Mexican Restaurant 1711 Schofield Avenue Weston  11:30am !
Hope to see you there!
An official PUBLISHED poet yeeee'buddie
Hope you enjoyed em!
RT: chocolate sunbelt chewy granola bars!!
Come on now we both know everyone was showing off for me, who are we kidding ;D
Nation, it's a new day!
Rejuvenated  ready for more compelling sports, nba stories.
Anybody got some good material yet?
OH 's bday: I'm gonna pour some wine in a cup and hope that they don't notice.
And it is signed, bonus!
Just silly.
Kids no doubt
It takes a minute to get a crush on someone, an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone but it takes a lifetime to forget someone
We're watching the stupidest movie in history on full freaking blast and it smells like dog poop.
I just wanna sleep.
If all of Miami doctorve like me, there'd never be traffic
Your boy embarrassing himself  your entire network tonight.
Going after Jesse, unprovoked, like a little child.
Band practice with a band of hugely talented musicians!
:
Seeing crooked fingers with My friend Brian d has been raving about them for years.
They never play, I feel lucky.
6 core...16 gig ram...ready to reset.
Paris Hilton's head must be exploding from all of her wishes she'll be making today.
4thround steals so far: Lamar Miller, Alameda Ta'amu, Kirk Cousins
agree!
Awesome!!
They all sounded amazing!
So I auditioned for a corporate band yesterday, and it was amazing!!!!!
I WISH.
So much shit coming up cant even think about it so stressed!!!
haha Keith Urban: and my wall is like that too!!!
Full of one direction!
People already assuming Shit about me and my boyfriend .
Like get a life !
haha I know im so stupid!!
I always regret it but the curiosity kills me sometimes!
LOL
Excellence must be defined to be modeled, modeled to be reproduced, and reproduced to become your organization's culture.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 88
GOOD MORNING!
HAVE A GOOD LABOR DAY WEEKEND, BE SAFE
Now he's just messing with us.
its even better when I finish  then Gavin wants to play for another half hour : maybe we can start a trio
Collect rainwater, and use it to water your houseplants and garden!
most def.
Been Pissed how ABC does this every year takes shows off a few Weeks so finale is around sweeps week.
Hi!
Pantheon is pleased to run doctorpalCamp sites for free.
Shoot me an email at if you are interested.
That's cool too, I just don't understand you.
In fact on blogs, many blog authors de facto trade comments with peers e.g.
among food bloggers.
So, go write some comments?
fuck you bitch my shoes brand new
Yea we doing harlo together on Thursdays trying to grind
Let's be honest ; la is a shitty town
Dear guy in the Midway bathroom, the stall is not a phone booth.
I'm a big fan of having a spiritual life, but loud man in Starbucks proclaiming there is only one way to God is not my kind of salvation.
One of those days when I just can't keep up with the teacher.
Rehearsal for Charlotte's Web is tonight!
See you there!
does that mean someone ate at vapianos!?
In life pick your battles that are big enough to matter but small enough to win.
Really dont feel like walking home right now
And, given the budget situation now, I wouldn't be surprised if they do cancel UTD once this contract comes due.
Not big on Valentines Day?
Join TK for AntiValentines Day.
Come enjoy our Happy Hour specials and treat yourself to a Stupid Cupid!
Rome wasn't built in one day...
Nice article!
What is your take on Social Media in education ?
More like
I love gingers I don't care what anyone says.
needs to study.
finish script n im done.

Albus Dumbledore from Harry Potter
Workout tonight at planetfitness got me but it will be worth it ...
Why is following Booboo page now.
Well some are celebs..
Lol.
Follow me :
you're mister Twitter today!
we had a great time !
Hope to do it again!!!
also if you have any suggestions on Nnamdi please comment.
Our writers are welcome to discussions.
Tanning for 5 hours :.
Im super dark .
Last night was amazing!
Cant wait to rock my hawk Nelson tshirt
Laertius Diogenes I am a citizen of the world.
MyCelebCrushIs and my doctorams well it's to meet him.3 I love Cody Simpsonn.33
i just want to be in my own bed rite abt nw!!
Still a South8Native Wouldn't Change were I was Raised its part of who Iam
Thanks SO much for the mention.
How are you today?
Day one of marching band?
Success.
:
You get to smell like an old person early.
What's not awesome about that?
hahaha keep that kid away from me
thinking we need to go to victoriassecret for some new broncosapparel yay football has finally started!!!
That answer should be obvious but with how shoddily the rest of the program was setup who the hell knows.
At the improv watching todd glass 8
Here's a bit of May Day advice: skip Leonard Cohen's version of Solidarity Forever.
It won't inspire you to do anything but but mope.
Damn right I got it
Just 2 more weeks....
Just gotta keep pushing
Just got paid...Friday night!
Oh Lord, I better write this tithe check right now before it gets missing!
:
did you get it off any videos ?
Share your favorite summer time memory with us on this snowy day!
Eric, I also highly rec Billy T Jones' Fondly Do We Hope, Fervently Do We Pray project  breathtaking  enlightening.
That mixtape looks dope as hell excited to check it out  ILL
Always a bad sign when you look at the weather radar  it's just all blue.
Not so excited to doctorve out to Palatine today.
Eeks.
FF My sassy little mama from Wisconsin, even though she should strongly consider relocating east
Yes!
RT like a flashmob, pancakes.
Still there's art in it.
I like your taste in music, right on.
RT : is opening it's membership to the public for 2012!
IT'S FREE and packed with all kinds of
when i entered LOVE I Saw Ariana Grande Try
thanks : now that you mention it, my shoulder is a little painful...
justkiddin ;
Shabbat Shalom Everyone  Congratulations to the class of 2012 !
BlackMamaQuotes: Boy If you don't sit yo black ass down somewhere.
Hell you gon run my damn blood pressure up !
Only one day away from Mambo De Leon Live Saturday 9pm Hotel Ballroom!
Get your tickets now!
Call 402.213.9200!
Yep, knew that but explaining the process to patrons is another thing.
It really should be in the amazon app store.
Tx tho!
And how come freddy never wore pants?
Funny I'm getting resistance against my statement about hope.
I say it's not what doctorves successful people to take action
ok I got you at school tomarrow!
What type of art are you looking for?
So excited to get these goodies in the mail today from !
So ready to SweatPink in SanDiego!
:
lol shit it's not hard!!
New York City!!!!
Colonial House Inn is now on board Diversity Platinum!

Time to reconnect and followup per our last meeting!
You getting back on the bike in spring?
y'all both kings
I say YES Go with the coffee!!
It is Friday after all!
RT To go get coffee, or to not go get coffee..
That is the question..
haha..
.dunno man.
German efficiency?
Also, if you signup through the links on Bianca's blog, a portion of the sale will go directly to her!
RT : Wishing all of our followers a safe and happy Fourth of July!
and her ass better not say shit to me.
: My script is troubling me at the moment.
All I know is, doing nothing is not an option.
couldn't have said it better!
I just poured mine, let me know when we're ready to take the first sip :
Isabelle likes the margarita flavored slushies at Taco Bell.
Tangy!!
I'm dammed if i do, I'm dammed if I don't.
But I don't give a fuck 'cause i'm a beast, i'm an animal!!!
Thanks for the Follow!
Where in NYC are you?
When in doubt, lick it out
up at 6 and the morning!
and miss my BEAUTIFUL girlfriend :
is that in New York?
had our first ballsmoment with linda the other day hahaha
I believe that was by far the shortest week of my life!
Back to LA today!
Definitely enjoyed my visit!
I finally decided that I'm going to unfollow people who seemingly only posts links to Twitter, and never have anything to say.
aww, best tweet.
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
lol
Agreed!
RT : We had a chat on scheduling, I believe Dont schedule engagement,but its ok to schedule content
I'll be just inside Gate A, from 12:00  12:30 signing autographs.
I even got a new card to sign this year.
Come say hello!
Come find us on Twitter too!!
Thanks for all the support, it is wonderful to see all the love and kindness for kids everywhere!!
Batman AA, taking it one step at a time...
Yum.
Just tried a Skinny Water.
Let's see if it gives me the energy boost it promises...if I'm extra tweety you'll know why.
Sorry, I wasn't checking Twitter like I should have been earlier.
It was thinning out by 6:30, did you find anyone?
nice chatting with you erin :
loves Austin Pendleton's emails.
Still buzzing from great conference.
Thnx for allowing me to meet f2f and present w/ the wonderful
hey, I miss you too 3
If Shaw got 3, Torres better get more  oh wait, the NHL owns the Coyotes, so ...
50 fine
and I already have our tickets!
Loving the new Lecrae album and that Sonny Sandoval is on it!
Put Johnny mnemonic at the Hawthorne Theater and Doctor Who at the Standard.
Thanks, Patrick.
I'll be doing more of those, thanks to
Anglechroma at Bru Caf  Matt Weston, Carl Testa, Dan Godston
Starting research for the next book...Text You for Teens.
Thx for the follow Lindsay.
I noticed you mention Belmont  12th S.
Love that area!
This morning I'm in love with my lawyers, I'm closing  you sent me a thank you letter.
Made my day.
Made my day.
lol..
I couldn't help but sweat it out.
But why am I back eating this stuff now as I type!!!:: lol
The only comic I've picked up is the Avengers/XMen one, but haven't had a chance to read it yet.
I've spent my day playing tennis, soccer, eating, being happy.
iwonder what college will be like
Follow Back :
it does but its a separate app its retarded
ok!
Oh....
Different Tony!
LA's football team gonna be called the Magic?
Now if we could just find an oilsheik to start a 2nd team, we could all get behind hating them.
Yay!
Glad you're getting started, Melissa!
So wish I was there at AllWrite with you all!
..thank you so much for your continual support.
We won't let you or anyone with a love for music down.
There is no reason  no practical reason  for newspapers to survive.
Jacek Utko, TED Talks speaker
Two million Arizonans traveling this holiday weekend  KOLDTV Two million Arizonans traveling this holiday weekend KOLDTV AP Entertainm
This bitch snorts one more time image throw my bookbag at her face
Feels like the day is going swiftly today.
Good.
Disappointed M's kids stole from his classroom while he was out at the dentist.
Bad.
And for all that effort, election results still won't come close to Ravens new uniforms in terms of page views.
I'm sorry : You'll still kick it's ass though
Only 3 more days til baseball!
Got my tickets for the vs.
opener.
Asian Defence News: Facebook addiction spoof
Ummyes.
RT : I actually love getting asked out on dates by people I don't even like.
Love getting free food.
Indeed.
Please wish Cash a happy birthday from all of us!
Rondo looks like Brady threading the needle with these dimes...
BUT I GOT TO GO TO THE BATHROOM NOWWW!
BACK IN LINE BEFORE I BREAK THAT OFF AND KICK IT AROUND ON THE GROUNND!!
MAJOR PANYE
Just figured out that the seasonal beer is out!!!!!!
All us parents want to know is that you will be at your best when you are an adult and you make something great of yourself.
i really didn't wanna get out of my bed this morning..
Chair expresses desire to move through as many witnesses as possible before recessing at noon.
Wow.
Just saw a crazy tweet and when I looked the guy up, he had 23,355 tweets.
Congratulations crazy dude!
Way to put your heart into it.
Our prayers continue to go out to our friends in Japan.
Stay tuned for a special release supporting the devistation of the earthquake.

Ben's House Probation.
Sleep overs with 7 peoplegood.
Stealing from my everexpanding wardoctorbeNO BUENO
You dont have to be a big corporation to outsource

; haha your interesting
We build training and development programs to fit your needs, your circumstances, and your culture.
I must have maid written on my forehead.
and honestly, how Do you manage to get so much hair Everywhere?
School lunch and the school bathroom 
THAT'S how you do a 21st bday!
If you need tips on where to go/what to do while in Vegas, we'd be glad to help!
You got it!
Thanks for playing along.
:
Hey , that Kindle Fire I ordered 9/28 has been sitting at FedEx for over two days.
Get it here pronto or Ill return it unopened
2 weeks of Insanity left for me, then it's off to Hawaii before Beachbody Summit!
INSIGHT 'how to style your choir for commercial market place opportunities'  Master Class w/ JUNE 21 in DC!
well like i said this morning another chance is gone but on the bright side theres July: so excited
Strangely, the day is over for me.
Spent.
hoping for crazy doctorams tonight.
sad sad sad but true true true.
And it was in a class with 7 women of 8 total students!
Really good.
Forgot how strong it was, until about 10 minutes after my first glass...
wow, that's commitment
RT : In PR transparency is ideal.
If u privatize some socialmedia sites, make sure ur still searchable
Joel!
please reply!
we haven't spoken in a long time!
I haven't been on twitter b/c of school haha : D
Looks like no yankees tonight.
Time to work a bit, hang with the kids, and get ready for the 7AM meeting and 9 AM lifting program!
it's almost as good as Trittico will be!
Looking forward to having you play in our pool.
Yeah it is.
I'll miss doing it.
So great of you  thanks!!
Am reading at Syracuse Univ.
April 25, then in NYC until 30th.
got some hard ass punchlines
Happy Birthday!
Much on my mind...
.
just killed it on
do it, you'll feel smartlikea12 yr old.
topic: lovelives and relate it to poker, call it normnorm, find interview 'victims'
I work in social media as well, so I totally understand!
I absolutely love what I do because of the interactions I get to have.
:
backup your information three ways Paperless Agent Seminar
PracticalSecurityTactics If you are blocking 11371 egress it's really hard to interrogate a PGP keyserver.
cherry pepsi .
YouCuteAndAllBut you need a serious attitude change.
Congrats, Troy!
Will miss working with you.
Our forklift is working again!
I'm sure this is a bigger deal to me than anyone on here, but I had to share :
Follow Me??
We have to stop procrastinating, pretending that we have forever to do what we want to do and to be what we long to be.
Oh very cool!
Yeah, we're finishing up college soon.
That's one thing we're waiting on for recording the semester to end!
don't come to campus yet, we are having a shelter in place, there is a gas leak, everyone is supposed to avoid the campus.
I learned the hard way that they all say the things you want to hear
what do you think could be done about the high employment rate among college graduates?
but other than that they're twins
Thanks for the follow
Everyday feels like a Friday for me..
we'll be there, take care of business.
On to Pasadena
love you too man!
i really like ur head of hair O.O
passed Basic today!
My day just went to a 10!
the rejection letter confessed that they were not able to watch every film this happens  that's the worst part.
you know better, you do better!
Just found out iPhone 5 will have lefty flip.
Sweet.
I follow you if you are in
One word of advice: doctorft your lesson in its nearentirety before putting it into CALI Author!
9920 is excited to now be tweeting!
12 hours until Marathon, FL...
I assure you that there will be no running...
and hopefully no Wifi :
TurnToYou got to my mom,becuase she is a single parent  she knows how hard it is,we used to have the same problems as you.3
I'm about to shower..
you?
spurs and knicks lost today
3 Curatorial and bibliographic expertise are more visible, more important, and more widely distributed than before
Freaking awesome.
What episode?
Also, thanks to I now have a TNG tshirt
John Waters!
We are still recovering from last night's event!
Woo hoo.
What a party.
Thanks to all of those who made it happen!
We heart u!
haha shut up.
And okay nighty night!!
:
You have to work hard for what you want....nothing is given to you.
Ahh this weather is amazing!
I hope it stays!
Today's hunt question will come from The Daily News, , go pick it up to win!
All ready for Game 7 WHL Finals.
broke one streak last night, breaking 2nd tonight
yeah I'm fine.
I have three guys with ladder in my office working on the clicking that has slowly been doctorving me insane for the last 3 months.
I 3 them.
Little girl just asked for books about real mermaids because they exist.
Love your photo, by the way.
Always keep your eye on the ball.
toes?
Idk about all that
Gators freshman Taylor Burke claims the SECTF women's high jump title.
Congrats from the
See you Food Fight this Thursday!
Good morning tweeters
Suppose thats all i need
make sure to follow !
they will be doing a ticket giveaway within the next few days!
Job creation by foodhubs needs to factor in potential job losses by traditional processors/distributors.
Honestly, when Texas loses, it feels like Republicans lose.
I love it!
hey!!
my name is Kayla too!!
lol
Quick ass first half shit
All I gotta say is is EN FUEGO!
see you on HBO making movies!
Let's go!
I Believe
what was the code?
Good point.
I'm a mac user.
Right now going towards Sprint than Att though.
State of Nation's Childoctorn precarious: Childoctorns Leadership Council Urges Prez/Congress to Focus on Childoctorn
lol wait what?
follow me back
GoodNight Everyone kisses
Yes.
: Should Facebook have an Important button in addition to the Like button?
activatenyc12
I am the only one who actually uses
Finch, you magnificent bastard...
is an amazing man truestory now let's get 1MillionForKevinJ pwetty pwease :
CONGRATULATIONS TO So happy.
Can't stop crying.
Love them so much!
107 more followed till 1000 shout out for shout out?
Xx account made for
thanks for the article on knee braces.
It was very informative.
hahaha i cant believe we just pulled that off.
Appreciation attracts appreciation!
Officially the best lax team in the history of school.
Top 5 team of any sport in history of school?
Good debate to have...
Just pitched our mobile app  Reporta  with the crew and our new .gov friends
beautiful, funny and incredible.
I love u so so much.
RT HAPPY MOTHERS DAY BRITTANY.
I'M PROUD OF U// aww thank u!
That means alot!!
at the Mondoctoran we are showing the game
Here's a little secret about .....
His birthday is this week!!!!!
Stay tuned to find out when it is.
Emergency vehicles rolling to a reported crash on NW Cornelius Pass Rd between Hwy 30 and Skyline Blvd.
you should change your twitter handle to
Attn LADIES: We are now offering make up airbrushing!
Book with Ana today!!
221.7043 Just 55 for the month of December!
LOL.
Lots of Advil, yes, and I was thinking a little psychoanalysis might help.
;
// Thanks for sharing!
Good read on teamwork and its importance.
it's a pretty nice feeling when Peter Stalleybrass is giving talks on your dissertation topic.
Maybe I'm on to something?
Tonight 6pm est Special conference call with Call 7609841000 Code
NO grrrri ha school but for my school ends at 3 BORING lolz
How you doing today?
Closed SHORT AUDUSD for 9 pips professort; 12 of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 92 SHORT
Life is difficult.
They probably also think I may have done some stupid things, but I would have never done that.
It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man
Eddie Royal is a nice pickup.
Will he be returning kicks this year?
wowowow.
I'm already getting excited to see what she's got planned for Pride.
Infamous : Yep, should be good !
3 Abandon All Ships :
yeah, I get that a lot
Glad to see get a Herald byline today.
Joins my staff writers, and who freelance for the Herald as well.
...
is your ticket still available?
Threw super bowl party in work  patriot balloons adorn my cube.
Damn, I feel like Dilbert.
Enter our Twitter contest  win 100 giftcard to Oz!
Follow us and tweet 'I love '.Winner chosen Nov.
30th!...
RT : Breaking News from : BGB Technology picks Chesterfield for their 1st US facility
considering hiring as ghost tweeters
Saw you on FOX  your Lions/Lambs comment.
Keep saying what we NEED to hear.
You raise the leadership bar  your COURAGE LEADS!
I knew it!
check yo email
Home of the FREE...thanks to the BRAVE!
Thank you vets!
Today is the first day of spring!
I see a future full of fanfare and colorblocking!
till you fall off lol
Soup of the day is Roasted Eggplant
morning srry im late
I hate to say I told you so, so...
Welcome to Miami!
RT : RT : What does it take to implement 6m sq ft of BIM at one of the US' largest medical centers?...
Well thank u.
:
Did you learn that raptors are impervious to forcefields?
And I am just praying for you in general!
:
Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future.
Charles Kettering
You'll miss 100 per cent of the shots you never take.
Wayne Gretzky
RT While I deplore bigotry toward same sex couples I WOULD support a ban on the nauseating marriages depicted in Kay Jewelry ads

Sounds like a blast!
Have a great weekend!
2 Blonds walk into a bar and the bartender asks whats the occasion?
One Blond says we finished a puzzle box in 2 weeks it said 23 years
That price shows the upside of mult position ability and the downside of desperation....
Disturbing?
Yes.
Shocking?
No.
RT The NCAA is now working with select reporters to attack certain programs...
Disturbing.
And don't forget Sveum was a favorite of Tom Trebelhorn's in the late 80s.
Piece by piece, my car will be brand new by the end of the year...and I will be broke
that's going to change soon.
Love you god bless you and may god keep you good night
hahhaha pretty good era last year too ....
however losing 7 games is not acceptable for a reliever
just splurged...on a new pair of saucony running shoes.
Snowing in Summit County, again...
We went to someone's house for lunch  of course there was dessert..z
RT YOU KNOW A NIGGA DISLIKE THEIR JOB WHEN AFTER AN 8 HR SHIFT THEY SPEND 5 HRS LOOKING FOR ANOTHER JOB  LMFAO !
TEXT ME SOMETIME.
Employee discount only if you took out a Macy's credit or prepaid card.
No thanks.
Social login makes it easy to personalize content and product recommendations
i love u
''Die Young video does touch you if you've dealt with bullying.
True message man.
who ARE the rizzle sticks???
Hope you picked some tasty treats for the fam!
Likeng women that keep them legs close n smiles glow
Yeah buddy, hair cut time..!!
We will keep you  your family in our thoughts  prayers during this tough time.
Hang in there.
bt
Etsy sales are picking up!
:
New York here I come
What's it take to be happy anymore
S/O to I thought this was the spot on center st...
But still cool
24 carat gold means pure gold.
sell, tell,  tag
You're very welcome, so glad you could join us!
cc:
EAT MY SHORTS!
The military angle didn't call to me.
I think many undergrads need to be reminded that they don't know as much as they think they do.
Glad that my is on the cutting edge developing serious Pinterest presence
God is amazing!
I promise
If you love someone, let them know or else watch them be happy with someone else.
RT : To win, you must first believe.
I'm jealous!
Huge Museum Lab fan here!
RT Great afternoon with friends from Louvre DNP Museum Lab; they do such fascinating...
I think my spirit animal is bacon.
oh you fucking know it
Farm Aid 2011 at LSP was named the Event of the Year by !
Thanks to everyone for your support!
I bet they are thinking that about a lot of teams
oh that does suck!
:/ when are you having surgery?

Sean is such an ass
Highly Favored!
yeah that's fine:
its a very beautiful morning so happy that god woke me up to see this
And we are proud of you!
Kick off in 20 minutes!
funny and fucked up thing is theses niggas are gettin on.....IDK
Correction: it's a black persons funeral
you deserve to get followed by !
DM me your email addoctorss and I will get further information sent ASAP, thanks!
so pretty!3
Noticed this on ejournals page: Most requested ejournals New England Journal of Medicine, JAMA, the Lancet, Nature, Science
so did Lebrons mom...
and you as well :
German hot dogs are amazing.
Loving today!
i love your sister
Off to the dentist we go
Thanks for following along on Twitter, Bob!
Look out for blog updates from and.
I pride myself on being a man, but at times you must put your pride to the side and be a man..
ain't no rest for the wicked.
i love when bands add a nice string section at shows.
it makes their music sounds so beautiful live
I take my childoctorn everywhere, but they always find their way back home.
Robert Orben
Hey Kevin, I can check with people that handle that stuff...shoot me a DM with an email.
Charlie Sheen is sticking it to the man!
Got a reverse squeeze scuba divine today :
S/o to for this delicious blow pop!!!!
I'm definitely a Bob Marley fan, but over the years not so much...
he's only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Jamaican
I'm interested in an early invite.
My username is doctorhitney.
Thanks!
I cooked last night so my DH could have leftovers for lunch.
I just tried eating for breakfast and it does not taste awesome.
We have some great parties lined up next week to end the year with: Cinco de Mayo at Valhalla and Beer Ball on Friday!
real talk.
try living in chicago and having to hear about how AMAZING!
the lineup is this year.
barf.
Sundays go by way too fast.
what it do pimp!
Whatever happened to wheelspin?
Make sure you take the time to just relax and/or have some fun!
Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary
There's a difference between being two faced and not liking someone, yet respecting them.
I hate when parents share at you like youre a bad kid
All hope is lost
To breakfast, or not to breakfast....
i've always liked i'll be by edwin mccain but hearing the acoustic version makes me like it all over again!
thank you pandora :
Years ago, when I went to see a 10pm showing of Hellboy, there was a toddler sitting in front of me.
I was horrified.
also pipecleaners?
fun!
walk around dollar store for something: toothpicks, flat marbles, crackers, tiny silk flowers
wats up bro
I know, right?
Maybe that HER experience.
Certainly not the majority's.
Bowling couldn't survive without the high five.
I found a baby armadillo by the side of the road, nurtured him back to health,now lives under my bed and his name is Felix
Know your audience: paper or electronic thank yous
You do great work!
Games are fun to follow because of people like you.
thats too funny...
So you know hat would be perfect is if this rumor as true, that you follow your fans:
Braun went 05 on opening day.
Even so he is hitting .385 with a few doubles and a bomb.
Fake Friends are like shadows, always near you at your brightest moments but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hours.
Wow PG.
Commercials don't often make me want to cry, but that....that was close.
Good morning Ant!!!
: RT : there you go again smh
Closer to my doctorams
Up early to finish my paper for class.
Its not due until 2:30, so I think I have enough time to get it done.
RT : HALFTIME: Vote for your favorite mubbera jersey, support scholarships and win an authentic, gameworn jersey:...
According to Google maps I will be under 2 hours away in Frankfurt.
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be.
I saw a person who looked like Justin beiber and I seriously could not tell if it was a guy or a girl truestory !
Lmao
Mental strength  not cutting ur workouts short!
Your only cheating urself!
now can you define soon for me please!
Yesterday, postevolution.
I'll bring Clifton back when/if the Phils stop making me sad:
No wonder I don't listen to the radio....smh lol
What's the breed?
How unreal?
worth ?
constant inner battle re: reissues : Just received the my bloody valentine reissues and they sound unreal!!
Anyway today this girl thought I had a sew in ....like my hair does not look fake , its just healthy smh
Ericka weak af to me...
I don't like her
Had to chew out this gurl in my pe class, she felt the need to answer, when no one asked her hate
No more Too Big To Fail in our country.
about to head over to Carrie Secrist Gallery to set up for today's Lady Rollins performance.
Starts at 2, goes till 4!
we go to the park for the P.E and my friend asked him his name!
and I asked him for his numberxD
follow me austin mahone please
take pics!
:D
LOVE your new single!!
So awsome :
Nf , love her tweets :
Well, she did have a very pointy black beard and mustache...
nothing to do means you've already masturbated a few times obvs.
WORK AT HOME TIP: Eat an apple with your breakfast.
It's just as effective as coffee, but better for you.
I had a blast too thanks for being such a good friend:
Middle East is not calming down anytime soon.
Syria.
Libya.
Yemen.
Places where fighting is going on.
Gas prices going up again?
Hocking co coroner confirms 4 shooting deaths here off rte 664.
Here working to get more info for 11p
Donate your old towels to a local animal shelter,clear room in the house  give a furry friend a soft place to rest
blink182 cancelled their Rochester show because their doctormmer had a tonsillectomy, and 's doctormmer plays here with a broken leg.
Writing policies for crime and terrorist watch program
I feel like im falling for the wrong people...
I am so bored...wish I was almost done with work...been here 10 hours at least I'm half way done
haha i know, i had to quick change for work right after rehearsal!
i couldn't help it 
The Govt must apologise to the Muslim community over Dambulla ...
Spread the word!
The Frantic gets you LAID!
RT : is the reason im in a relationship...
probably :
See, the opposite is true.
It's Almost Summer!
Country music in the clinic today.
Nice Change!
that person just makes me laugh.
:D
For now On My Twitter Account Will Be Deleted!!!
Awesome .....let's just say it is in the works...www.RockTheGorge.org...maybe we could do a rafting festival all week what u think ...
I would be the one to misplace my homework
Since when is sliding into first base common practice?!
After some intense city doctorving I have made it and am seeing Words cannot express how fucking pumped I am
Love my family and all the amazing connections, I get to meet the best of the best.
This man acts like he was just a sperm donor, not a father and husband.
Facebook me  Anthony Starks,Skype At misterMoss,DamnFoolz.com Comin Soon.
It's my mom's birthday today !
i love you so much mom :
I totally agree.
And scary, too!
YEE again 1080 followers I love them
Every time I bite into a Cadburry Creme egg I'm hoping there is a real egg yolk in there one day.
new Frankie's TIKI MUG will be available at the bar Friday at 6pm
Big upset or another win by the best team  can buy?
BSM over Edina...
Good morning AM Tweeps!
Roads are wet, doctorzzle, Let's get this day started 57am !
We're up and at it !
looking for connections to BC Canada.
We just ran through the set we're going to do  MOBfest.
Grab your tix  www.chicagomobfest.com.
It's gonna be massive, folks.
Can't wait!
The SNL commercial spoof of that is hilarious.
Also that it's time to break out the white jeans ; Happy Easter, sweetie!
S/O to the ford's for having me for the whole weekend!
Hahaha
My cat loves my sewing habit; I create so many wonderful things for the little bastard to shed all over.
San Fran warped tour.
That's the one we r going to together, correct
I realised MD is such a boring state
Letting go of some People in my Life before I go to Jail
Now and then life generates a full spectrum review of where u r Learn from past.
Change bad to good.
Forgive those that judge and go with it
I said in another Tweet that you were inciteful.
Sorry, I meant...insightful!
Anyway, THX so much!
hey,Dez tweet me, I am really bored
we are a sports starved town and we jump on success so quickly and we are a passionate fan base too
DesignerTimes Thanks for the follow!
Can't wait to get my first Mac laptop.
I know I'm one of the last standing with a dell but the fight is over.
i screamed when i heard they had actually made a scream 4 like the kid in home alone.
Joel Stave looked solid today for Wisconsin.
Took No.1 reps this afternoon.
Theres a guy next to me with an animal print scarf
Thank You!
:
I love it when someone tries to hold my baby she quickly turns and grabs on to me shaking her head for no:
what part of the country u in now?
In the mood for a good chess match.
The safest place is the whole wide world , is in the will of God!
Cook hopes to regain Vikings teammates39; trust
favorite city to visit?
A belated congratulations on your new position!
everyone on san Francisco to safe!
was there a earth quake ?
they took those sticks out their ASS!!!!!
what does smjk stand for?
did i miss something big?
haha yea.....
ill get on thtt.
Mines gonna be soo bad.
loves the buildup!
fuck my pussy and by the way can you make me squirt?
Finally home Been  scuu 4 the longest
Your expressions are reality TV gold!
Killed a spider at work.
That means I can go home, right?
Do I really deserve that title?
Haven't cooked much lately.
Of course, it's food wife, not chef wife, right?
No excuses...no apologies song is stuck in my head for some reason....oh boy oh boy the irony
the more times I try on this doctorss, the more I hate it...
but it ain't the doctorss's fault :
Scott Walker sponsored right to work for less legislation in 1993.
If he wins, right to work is coming.
He said so himself
many a great artist and writer found HappyHour to solve most problems with other humans
I run in the Vibram Five Fingers sprint version..ran 2 half marathons and 1 full marathon in them...what are your favorite running shoes?
happy birthday3 and happy new year
I know I love Parks and Rec.
But shit is messed up when fictional TV govt officials are more upright than actual elected officials
and I should have kissed you goodnight 
: Happy Mothers Day!
mytwitterpal pen pals don't exist any more it's all about twitter pals LOL ;
aol news.
Duh.
ON THE MOVELPL Financial lands 560 mln adviser team
damn i am just loosing followers lol thats funny
My phone died and I don't have my charger.
My bad.
Well its just a sign of the times that I already thought they had access to in the first place.
RT : In school we watched The Interrupters and I thought it was going to be boring.
My WHOLE perspective changed after seeing it
It's Virginia Archives Month!
Special events are happening at many archives,  VSU archives is going to be at ASALH in Richmond on the 6th!
Wow, the stats for the Manchester City game are crazy.
44 shots, 15 on goal.
81 possession.
Still down 12 at the end of 90.
I'm OK.
Had a nice day with my parents yesterday.
Saw The Avengers, which is great!
They're bringing the F35!
That my friends is bad ass.
Have a good night, Christi.
Early
walked into in Eagle Rock and learned that they were sold out of the Beakers LP.
That's something I never thought I'd see!
REGIS U THE BEST..
GIRL I NO THATS Y IM ON YO CHEST
When you're expecting the world to be kind and generous, that's usually when you get sodomized a la 'Deliverance'
Thanks so much!
Excited to get there!
Still a few weeks left before we arrive.
:
2011: 4 game sweep Packers over bears www.arethepackersundefeated.com
RehabCare Announces Definitive Agreement to Merge with Triumph Healthcare.
I am in the Convention Center
RT : Happy Revenge of the Fifth!
day 2!
We are indeed.
Head up Pan American east from Montgomery and we are before Jefferson.
I have discovered a thousand ways not to make a lightbulb.
Thomas Edison
yeah it's pretty sweet we even have team jerseys no big deal...
By learning to be unafraid of conflict, we keep in better touch with the realities of life, creation and business
Anyone going to The Yellow Rose Fiber Producers show next weekend??
Dont be sorry for me just be there for me .
Very interesting, look forward to digging into your work re the NGS
is the hyperlib website down for anyone else?
tonight has been very special
Take a shot for me.
'Cause the good die young.
Tuesdays can be so dull sometimes.
In order to spice it up a bit  start a lil' conversation, what's your fav dish from ?
Aware of both of them...partially b/c of them I'd like to see more that argues tightly from the Aristotle's texts.
This sounds good.
What's up?
I'll win.
Another reason I'm moving there postgrad RT Find hillsides lined with aspens shimmering in gold and red hues here: bit.ly/oncvV7
Hey i'll have a very merry christmas if you would so kindly follow me :
Guess I'm not cynical enough.
You've ruined all my illusions about myself.
Fudoctorckers for late mothers day dinnaaaa
Childoctorn of the Corn is one weird ass movie
tom  jerry was the shit bak n da day!
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else.
that is the worst ...
serious: I'm thinking of doing this for workshops next school year.
Can we find a common platform...
lol lol that makes me laugh every time
: Why do they call it the wonder bra?
When you take it off you wonder where her tits went
Greatest horse name ever: God Knows Who.
Why?
Santa Anita announcer: And they're off, and God Knows Who is in front.
good stuff?
glad to have you in!
Some dude named Valdespin just made his 1st MLB hit a 3 run go ahead homer in the 9th off of Papelbon.
thank's for follow me ;
hoping to look in the mini fridge and find something to doctornk so i don't have to go downstairs..
got excited b/c i logged into and thought i was witnessing a private performance...prerecorded.
damnit.
Hiking Gear Review Camelbak Alpine Explorer Backpack hiking backpack
Happy Thursday Encore Friends!
Have you made plans for this weekend?
Wow!
on certainly doesn't mince words.
I'm glad that Susan Jacoby is bringing historical context to the debate.
The class I hardly attended and never studied for the tests and I end with an A as my final grade
being a huuge fan of PLL finding out who A is disappointing

what i know is that I am uber busy with Instruction and face2face Reference.
Give my love to all, Ray.
Congrats on the new record release.
So happy and proud of you guys.
Love your tunes so much 3.
WTF IS GOIN ON RIGHT NOW IN GREENSBORO,NC ...
THIS SHIT.CAME OUTTA NO WHERE...
Great!
Thanks, we are now following the real UNM HSC!
I wish I had a
We are about to put up our new music video for We Were the Kids.
Hope you guys are excited!!
dm Can I speak with the Whitehouse about a significant public/private sector plan to improve education at no/low cost to America
Admit it, when you get sad about a break up you listen to I Miss You.
Don't lie.
Good character chemistry in SAFETY NOT GUARANTEED, with some really funny lines, but overall a lackluster romantic screwball comedy.
Graduation is only a concept.
In real life every day you graduate.
Graduation is a process that goes on until the last day of your life.
We are really in Love with eachother!
Happy Birthday dude!
From the USA!
: Have a great one dude!
:
My grandpa is doctornking old style light.
think I'm going to have to join him
Definitely rockin the GREEN AND WHITE TODAY
Awesome quotes!
Keep up the great work!
who doesnt is the question?!
Our first service project is also THIS WEEKEND!!
Twitter Censorship Move Sparks Backlash: Is It Justified?
idk, got nothing planned
The iMac blew the Mac Pro out of the water.
Pretty amazing.
They really need to beef up the Pro line...
I don't think we need a face/ambassador/spokesperson, I think we need organization.
Refresh does great for their own events...
Hey Bentley!
Don't prove urself to anyone.
Stick with the people that will support u, not cut u down.
:
Things will always get difficult sometimes, just know you got to enjoy the ride and everything will fall into place.
cautious, optimistic, beenfeelinggood.
Ha classic statement by
hey could of been worse she could have caught a elbow ...
Lol
Think 20 is too much for a bottle of shampoo?
You don't need to use a lot of the good stuff.
Watching the Oscars at a loud sports bar is a special kind of hell.
Love what you are doing!
Happy Mother's Day!XO
thanks for your service!
How you'll be back this fall.
Hi Richard, check out Destinationstravelmagazine.com for a great climbing article about Everest/Lhotse.
Pass it around.
Although I find her tweets about her ex BFF effing hilarious, I find the non response and pure disregard from the ex BFF even MORE HILARIOUS
Nope.
Advertising.
It's like they want him to fail and fuel the antitiger fire.
that's good, where do you work now?
you were expecting anything less?
Anne speaks the truth RT : dumb ass decisions make the world go round.
keepmakingthem!
Headed to Seattle for a week in June, what should I do there?
Testing installer customizations  on a slow machine.
Thanks !
Excited to share some of your awesome Croatian and Hungarian wines with my customers this month!
When your grade is a full letter grade higher than expected.
SCORE!
I was part of a record crowd for a UK Hoops game.
14508.
Apart of history!
About What.?
RT : I had wanted to tlk to yu
Looking forward to a great 2012 w/ my fellow flacks
Eating japanese food made me happy today.
if you only knew how much I had a crush on
IfIwasdatingHarryStyles I would be pregnant with his babies on day 2 with the relationship ;
very interesting 
Appletv  Play with Hulu instead to get me as a customer
Super excited about the house I just looked at in FS.
Can't wait to move back, Indy!
but i lay there in the dark and dont talk to anyone and thats not what youre doing
no matter how long you wish that things will always be happy and gay all the time life throws you for a loop.
but that's life and living.
Do you think Ariana would look cuter with Niall, Zayn, Carlos, or Logan?
:3
:' aw I jst lost a follower

Mac Miller Go hard 
Lively night in the neighborhood.
Domestic brought out half of TU's security force and TPD.
Talked to my godson on the phone and it made my day
don't open the direct message.
our account was hacked into.
we apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused
Oh Yea This is the Final 2 days to Get your Christmas Presents Out for Christmas, and the Order keep coming in!
what happened?
Business Opportunity: See p.
B5 of the WSJ for our BoBNow Ad!
It's not letting me sign in at all.
I get the service is not available bullcrap.
Thanks, , for highlighting on Unsung Baltimore!
Congratulations on your Huffington Post piece.
I really enjoyed reading it.
So stoked I'm booking another recurring role on the Nick Show Kroll this week!
I love the whole cast and crew there!
Yippee!
I will say it again to all of you...WELCOME TO HEAVEN MY FRIENDS!
Love is a sweet tyranny, because the lover endureth his torments willingly.
Go 49ers!
You had a little nervous for a minute there!
Thank you to for so graciously showing us around Gibson Guitar Town Orlando.
We had a blast!
Touche' Cakes!
We create custom diaper cakes any size, any size diaper or pull up and theme /ToucheCakes
Hello world!
Off to Chicago for ICLS.
I'm still sort of on Europe time, and even I'm getting worn out from this latest travel stretch.
Wow.
thanks for the mention..
: You too.
Lol at angry bird brows
Gig in Whitehouse tonight.
All you can eat tacos..
Thanks  we'll look into it.
is there a set time for it?
Check out out
I thought the sky was space.
Everything over our heads is space.
Happy 236th Birthday to the United States Marines!
We are proud and honored for all that you do!
All I see is lyrics on my timeline.
Remember when you got 3,000 but now 80,000, that's a lot.
We're growing.
Proud to be one.
Hey Mick , great stuff w/Tony Clark interview.
IKR THAT'S HOW RELATIONSHIPS END WHEN YOU PUT EVERYBODY IN YOUR BUSINESS
Candljack was h
Note To Self: While at gym, do not suggest to newcomers that they may change the channel...especially if mid50s.
Stuck watching Fox News.
I wonder if we have school tomorrow the snow days seem a lot like x mas break but without swim practice
no problem : yes, but you're still more amazing.
A new foot scrubby name coming soon in my new website Called ..
I Toe ya So!
Can ya guess what scent it is?????
My great nieces motivate me to keep going...
their smiles are so innocent  genuine.
Y.O.C.O You Only Cute Online
McNabb felt disrespected way benched.....GIVE ME A BREAK.....gotta win games to stay on the field lad !!!!

my 2 fav singers of all time remaking the song that impacted my life OMG...
I think my heart stopped
it's been some time since u had any new music out so I was JW will u have a new CD out anytime soon??
I LUV ALL UR MUSIC!!!!!
my sister made up a song about food.wow...need more coffee.
SHOW ANNOUNCEMENT: Mark Sultan at Blue Note Lounge Tuesday, May 29th!
Details coming soon!
: HowToKeepAGirlHappy give her your clothes so she can sleep in them.
AMEN.
We will be able to cross the river!
THANKS RT : Can you cross the river?
Tysons has a serious lack of good convenient food
But I'm very happy that you do exist, !
Rocking day interviewing the Editor of Eff Magazine!
So excited!
Check back for a video blog!
i'm a bit slow when replying emails...
sorry
Think I gotta crush

lol You totally did in fact.
But I want you to know I did read the article.
:
RT Still cautiously optimistic about the cap holding on the spilling oil.
Fingers crossed everybody
catiie conference is a huge success.
Thank you for those who attended my challenge based learning presentation.
bitch call me!
This organic yogurt and rice bar is basically a healthyfied rice krispies treat.
Baby best enjoy it now.
It's the last one he's getting.
So..
Your gfriends have boyfriends all of a sudden and forget about everyone else?
This blows.
woah woah woah.
groceries is too far!
I love groceries.
thanks babe :
There are not 8000 ppl giving 25.
Ward races cost 200k.
Disadvantage goes to CM or candidates who represent the poor!
Its a trick!
cant stop thanking about her 3
follow me, i follow back !
:
You don't always get what you want is a good effing song.
I have the best friends ever.
What do you call distrust for talking heads of Psychology?
In principle you quacks murder men, women,childoctorn with your poison.
lol..ok..I'm just here..
Communications director for county executive Chris Abele.
Needed a change and it's a great job.
i never really had luck
this is the best sabres game ive seen in awhile
love you too sis!!
Make sure you come he tmister so we can go out to eat..
gettin tired of these microwaveable dinners lol
Good point, I'm sure they can make up some rules, add variances, and even compete in 2 or 3 man teams.
Again, great shares!
quit and restart your browser :
Stephen Colbert for President of the United States of South Carolina!
Happy 16th B'day to my daughter Abrielle today!!
This is why I can't go to sleep before midnight.
I end up waking up at 4am and can't go back to bed.
Spike Ball!!!!
I tried to get him to be more specific but couldn't get any more than I did.
Hi, Les!
Are you in London?
I'm a 90's baby that doesn't have a baby!
Perks to sparking no one's interest until 20 teenage pregnancy avoided!
haha
Excited to hear about the history of Jewish printing  thanks to Columbia's Book History Colloquium.
He does look like a Bee gee!
Lmao..Spicy too/
Because I've always been this way is the worst reason to keep doing something.
Have the courage to evolve.
My wife has our boys in their Manningham jersey's today sigh
That tends to happen a lot : RT : I think he's still reeling from post sobcon euphoria.
Pamper yourself
Who's going to slice night tonight?
fly fight and win cuz
Too much birthday fun this weekend, can't stay awake for the Brewers game on tv  time to listen to Ueck while I fall asleep.
If May showers bring flowers, what does July rain bring?
RT : i really hate it when people beg .
When you cry off your own fiction while proofreading like something went down for real, you are on the right track.
Keep going.
im sry, ill be nice.
:
six straight 3  outs.
gosh, I wonder why the crowd's booing.
C'ing EVIL N WHAT APPEARS ON SCREEN UNDER MY NAME A TRANSLATION OF REALIZING WHAT PREEXISTED N YOUR MIND B4 READING; DON'T BLAME da MIRROR
Good morning beautiful hope all is well with you your new friend ?
lol your invited!
RT : Okay : RT : I am about to tweet of picture of Keri Hilson hair.
OMG i forgot about this pic haha yea it is about to get real
At another wedding.
Its so lovely.
Then to Salvi's for dinner!!
: it's the SteanWater
RT : FRESH Healthy Eatery  Juice Bar is NOW OPEN!
Offering vegan, glutenfree, and dairyfree options.
The ol nap in the car at lunch...I feel much better.
Still waiting to see if is uploading today.
In the mean time, I'll be playing Glow Doodle Fall.
3
follow and please :D x53
Gary Life.
WOW just experienced the loveliest free yoga class led by Tyrone Beverly tonight at the Denver Museum of Nature and Science!
Today's events to prep for dctrip09 : Interview  pix w/ Wichita Eagle.
Clean van.
Start loading.
how u doin boo!
I'm the President!
2 hours on hold ...has United gone dark?
;
Twitter is my morning newspaper!
Is it normal that I'm still recovering from sensation?
ing does not even begin to cover it.
Thanks for the tip!
woohoo I'm following you!
it does make dc more hipster.
Something wrong with your car?
Let us help on your auto maintenance through the internet.
Spend as much time as you can with family.
More precious than gold.
thanks for your help today!
History Channel owns the rest of my summer
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar.
Raymond Lindquist
Loex2012 I like how interactive the presenters are PollEverywhere cellphones I am surprised they allow texting in class
Everyone go wish 's sister, , Congrats on her engagement to !!
I'm so happy for you guys!!
3
IfWeWereTogetherRightNow tickle fight ;
Your a stripper..I'm a stripper/Gorgeous queen..
Aubrey's the same but she's the head queen
thank you so much!
and please do :
great scent and you also are without harmful chemicals on your body and scalp !
ermmm the link does not work
not seein me with the bars
fun day with cassy !
now i gotta go to a grad party :
On tinychat with and and a bunch of others so funny...
So much fun : love you guys!
Just finished a pretty long test.
I feel accomplished :
what is this if Erin ever goes on vacation again business?
do u know something I don't?
Time to say my prayers...
Buenas noches.
she's making a second coffee to asuage the rage, but I am not sure caffine will help.
what movie you see ?
UGH!
So pissed!!!
Shan better tell me what we gone do before I get in my mood
Attending AIA Chicago's Small Projects Awards reception at Architectural Artifacts.
There is absolutely no reason for you not to be happy.....
ha, i rather not say on the interrwebs.
but yeaah.
c: haha.
some people don't know love..fear and anguish is their ruler...lost minds
what is this world coming to when a beautiful girl like you is never complimented ;
Stop chasing the wrong things.
Give the right things a chance to catch up with you.
Performance Auditions arent about acting.
They are about connecting.
it's like my seventh or eighth time changing it.seriously i'm running out of password ideas.
Live acoustic video of our song Make it Right coming soon...
always forget how short looks on TV...
;
Confirmed it again.
I hate smartphone screen protectors.
Fortunately, these were cheap.
ovechkin goes head hunting, no suspension.
Do you guys own the 16mm prints of the Brakhage films?
You're welcome!
text the word NYACTION to 30644 and add your name to the electronic petition calling on New York State to make cancer a top priority
That's about as romantic as Britney Spears in a gas station bathroom with bare feet.
Lol
he can't even get the videos right and he's making major decisions for the NHL it's the shaw video
love jamming, great mood Happy Valentine's Day to all Muah!
kidding Karaoke night!!
: The Lakers Gone Beat Okc...
So Get Ready To Go Home Thunder Fans.....bo!!!!
Durant gone take that win!
Glad you like it!
80 of my clients have been web related this year I'll be free in a couple of months DM me if you like :
Hanging out at Hard Rock casino.
All of our Seiko watches are 50 off!
It would be a great ValentinesDay gift for him or her!
Loving and his awesome high school mascot
shut up nigga I'm getting my body back right lol
You say YOLO and are serious about it to me, you're getting punched in the face.
If you forget the way to go, and lose where you came from, if no one is standing beside you, be still and know I am.
It's NationalFrenchToastDay Missed it for breakfast, but maybe for dinner?
1st saw him as Sunnydale mayor, but feel lucky to have seen Harry Groener onstage in Chicago twice in the past year.
: 1.3 trillion: The amount of our debt held by China.
MONEYnumber Scary number!
That's nice of you!
I've left mine at the gym twice this week but I've been lucky and remember it 5 min.
later.
Bryan
Came to the Warp/Brainfeeder showcase for some sternum rattlin'; Starkey is obliging.
Once saw a movie with only 2 other people in the place.
I hate being sick.
Feel better
Ladies poll: how many of you have spare underwear hidden in random compartments of your car?
This can't just be me.
We're headed over to the Y on 33rd Street for the Walk for Maryland's Childoctorn!
Registration begins at 8.
Beat the rain with Family Fun!
Apparently I'm channeling my inner Vulcan today with my hair  makeup.
I like it.
Go
This is my club paradise.
Just tried the awesome juice from here!!!
Loved the cashew mylk and the greens :
Mention me
That nasty sex talk , rough sex , body's sweating , lip biting , neck sucking  nails deep in my back type of sex  !!!
Lightly used luxury: Preowned handbags are hot sellers
Congrats to my good buddy ol pal for 1 month without chew
better send me that workout regiment, I was dead ass
Even though it's 9:45 am sushi sounds really good right now
was hoping to be there by now.
Turns out it wasn't in the cards.
With about to watch
Oh, darling.
Please believe me, I'll never do you no harm.
Sometimes, the more you hide your feelings for someone, the more you fall for them.
That little check mark by your Twitter name means 'Verified Asshole', yeah?
yes yes I do!
listening to it right now!
follow me and share me and i'll do the same :D
Finally seen after a billion years of her hiding from me,  twitterless Britt!
.
Sadly, you've been supplied with lots of content lately re: NOLA crime.
Looking forward to discussing the evidence for your claims..
Same!!!
I can't wait till next year!!
Sully's got the Kobe face going early in the game!
We have two minutes left...
Are you really starting a new song?
do it
Suddenly less intelligent.
I saw we're trading 21.
Hm
I so wouldn't mind checking out the movie DarkShadows this wknd JohnnyDepp Even Evey says she wants 2 see it but I think its 2 much 4 her.
hi x
You can't see the world through a mirror.
What if other museums got rid of labels like ?
Intrigued by how visitor experiences would change...
I really wanted that job too.
I thought I could handle it too.
But I guess it wasnt meant to be.
OH well.
Need some whisky.
with
NBA is celebrating MLK Day with games all day and all the players are wearing special black and gold sneakers.
lets get a win!
My dad finishing work now!
Better pretend I'm studying lol!
imAGoodStudent!
;
Thanks Mark!
THATCampSE was cool last year.
Looks like the next one isn't very far away.
May have to check it out again.
It is raining, the Brewer game is not televised, and the Packers released Nick Collins
First time I have ever heard of a flight delayed because they had to borrow more seatbelt extenders from another airline.
God bless America.
I am so excited about our new band, All The Little Pieces!
Lots of talented musicians!
Just when u thought it was safe in a common place...
Hey lit mags: have you registered for your table at the Houston indie book fest yet?
It's snowing back home and it's freezing in Miami.
There's no getting away.
It's raining, it's pouring, my old, fat, weird, chihuahua dog is snoring....louder then usual :P
playing Super Mario Bros!
BEST GAME EVER ;
does it make you dizzy?
Or is real life 3d enough for u?
good luck!
Have fun!
lmao I could imagine.
did you show her the pictures or the video haha
ClassicJokeMonday Why don't animals believe the King of the Jungle?
Because he's Lion.
Wine: Get shitfaced with class :
Yes, mine RT Are too many California kids labeled English language learners?
kpbs.org/news/2012/jan/ via
whores!
Although my cat's affection can be bought for the shake of a treat bag.
You don't even need the treat.
tough one.
so far i'm not extremely bullish on either.
but not sure
So about Coachella housing for next weekend....
Congrats on the new job.
This former interned learned a lot from you.
Have fun working with Boyd Huppert.
hot chick
Early evening FF to for being a sexy bitch and a great writer!
cheers brother!
trayvonmartin : ABC News: Trayvon Martin case goes before a grand jury on April 10th.
Pizza is a fine Friday meal!
Good day!
Seeing a friend I haven't seen in almost a year!
Last Physics LAB EVER!!!!
Then lets doctornk.
Thanks to all our SECO attendees and exhibitors for a great SECO 2011!
oh ok lol
I love ur dancing
Mo bynum shit.
He's still a kid, no maturity.: Bynum is laughing about something.
What could he possibly find funny at the moment?
o cool.
I'm kinda bored
I personally think it's a bit ridiculous that I have an essay due on the last day of school tomorrow.
I miss you!
Come back to Cali : Let's go swimming with the dolphins.
New LuxeReports coming soon ..
So if Caldwall doesn't open the door I'm going to second lunch!
Whatsoever you sew, you will reap!
!
I wish : No b/c I need cakes stocked for cust but also need coolers for baking/cool down.
Hoping to fix one tonight but !
Be amenable to the here and now so you can see the splendor that surrounds you and let it guide you to your Highest Self
Advance Wealth 's MD holding a webinar this April Leading independent financial advisors, Advance Wealth are holding a webbased seminar
IWishYouKnew what I'm really thinking
hello : hello : hello amazing one :
I was just sorting through my pins on Pinterest.
I had accumluated over 1,000 and only used maybe a fraction of them!
Totally kicked butt on Oregon Trail this weekend.
Eat it, 8yearold me!
I'm back, and boy am I tired.
ttypt...
Your mind is a powerful thing, do what you choose to
Your follow is appreciated Saman.
WE followed back.
ndsksjhsbw.
Your perfect.
Lol is shit bored in science.
No but you are allowed to rage outside
LUCKY.
I have 80 I'm trying to spend!
: No ride to mall 
lol old school Chevy Chase, interesting choice,
10 years later and we still live in FEAR?!
Did we forget what we were fighting for!?
jus tweet me actuate of u :
Thank you!!!
I hope you enjoy what I find inspirational!
: What is your pinlink?
Fighting NAGA Saturday yeah!!!!
Got a video of Collin's goal.
Will post it later, and met him after the game.
Truth is: I feel so Old xD , I'm not so young like I was before .' 16!!!!!
Remember our God is an awesome God!
Miracles still exists!
October 1 wis vs neb.
Be there.
Night game.
why u mad at me
Damm just busted a new tire.
Back to the tire shop.
And a long wait.
Today was the best birthday ever :
yea they said that it was just announced that hunter will be there.
we have to go.
tickets starts at 20 bucks
endless possibilities
Rather give it to Keuchel for now and let Clemens get a few more starts.
TENNESSEE RESIDEMTSNow in your area!
www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a FREE Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Now!.....
So excited to see M83 tonight!
Performing with the Voci Angelica Trio this Friday.
For more info visit www.vociangelicatrio.com
we know baby
Sitting At The Hospital Crying Lol, Im In Pain Cuz 
raina shut up no one would take me seriously aha
At work doctornking my coffee and loving life.
No I don't wanna go to bed mad at you  I don't want you to go to bed mad at me.
Whos a better match up for the spurs in your eyes.
RT : Clippers are clipping
Happy Friday everyone.
OOMF needs to wake the fxck up!
Oh and Kelly Price.
did Deanna still go to prom?
Watching MSU...they would be a serious matchup for Mizzou in the tourney.
Run, play similar game w/ bigger bigs  more depth.
Someone just yelled Go Kings!
Ruining my day bro.
Already nervous enough.
Meeting tomorrow 7:009:00pm in Middleton Library!
Come chill with your friendly neighborhood radicals :
When someone hurts you, You learn to be stronger, when someone leaves you, you learn to be more independent..
Baby Tylenol Dude.
And Baby orajel.
your the girl Derrick likes
Love Clifford.
But, if it ain't broke...
RT : Clifford is available if needed.
Some ppl only talk bad about others to take attention off them
Hi Joel!
How are you doing today?
Wish i could meet you someday : Much Love!
Reply pleasee??
:
Please make one.
Please also wait a couple of days.
:
Why hasn't there ever been a buddy cop movie with Mel Kiper Jr and Barry Melrose?
I'm nation wide when it come to these hoes
I'll have you know our first interviewee for New Roommate asked us how we felt about dumpster diving apartment dinners.
that sounds incredibly convenient for the prostitution industry.
try the Banana Pudding milkshake!
It's delicious!
YummyInMyTummy 
Considering going for a walk today too nice out 
Hey, wanna skype with me?
Imagine if clay was healthy all year...
your nails look fabulous!
sexy sexy, I'M imagining them scratching my back
Poor Julia Halperin just had to read an angry letter about a famous artist to said famous artist
Man, I doublegreeted my neighbor on accident: Hello.
Hi.
Unless you are fighting a doctorgon wizard on the edge of a volcano in Mordor, I think Yes is almost always too epic for your activities.
Aw, feel better, Damian.
No violence, please!
I'd love to feature projects like the in car app design collaboration at Rouge Factory Tour.
Public/kids could be fascinated.
Connect?
I love you baby.
I'm ALWAYS here.
: Ima freak, I love the beat, just don't get none in my sheets oh skeet skeet
I'm really stranded in cheltenham !
yep!!!
At c2e2 in chicago in march
Enjoy tonights band Dawn Weber  Electric Funk!
Along with our Bacon Cheddar Cheese Burger!
See you Tonight!!!
I hate that little triangle on the windshield of your car when it rains that you windshield wipers can't get
: Re: SCOTUS denies ASCAP: Who was ASCAP trying to get to fund these supposed royalties?
will you find a girl to play sunday.
we have a double header and i wont be here : Ill be just leaving NJ/NY
Mom just bought plane tickets for Washington.
So hype today is Friday!!!
Just got out of practice bro's bday party in a few:
Wow!
Walker, thanks for the great coaching, you ROCK!
Get it?
You rock, as in Rock Musical!
::
Damm I got court today.
I don't wanna go to court
Well Lubbock.
Your clouds are brown.
Congrats.
It sounds like Fearless Leader aka Scotty Walker will be talking to proscecutors about what he didn't know about.
Beginning of the end
Without you, perhaps!
I was waiting for you to wish me a Happy Birthday;
No one should take themselves that seriously.
Oh what a beautiful morning oh what a beautiful day.
In the beautiful town of Hingham Mass today.
I will take and post a pic later.
i come straight from the east where niggas split ya cantalope
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY.
Hope everyone is eating as much as we are tonight.
Just got my new wireless keyboard for the iPad.
Waiting for my stylus.
I shall then join the paperless society.
Partially at least...
Thanks..
u didnt see the other pictures?
Wow.
Could this day get worse?
Business is a very simple concept.
You have to pay your bills.
If you have anything left over, you get to smile...
MARK CUBAN
Based on my Facebook stream, President Obama is universally beloved right now.
Seven days without love makes one weak.
i'm sure it'll turn out really well
sounds delicious, let's do it!
I'm performing live  the Best Buy store in Union Sq Fri Aug 5th  4pm!
et ya bosses know on Mon that u leavin work early Fri afternoon!
ok how long do you guys want the videos?
5 mins or 15mins?
you guys really liked the last unedited video.
keep doing that?
Thnx for all the support for the cell phone doctorve
HarryTruman   If you can't convince them, confuse them.
hahahahahaha  will be hard because I do enjoy a good pair of shoes
Things aren't looking too well for the HEAT :l
m last night i had oberwise cookies  cream ice cream;
wow.
Strong woman it seems.
Sounds like she made quite an impact on your life.
what was up with the servers last night?
matchmaking took way too long.
figured I'd let you know I woke up like a half hour ago.
World Population hit 7 billion today.
140 conferences in NYC are even more amazing.
Next one is in June.
Experienced and affordable family law attorneys.
Call now for a free consultation619.338.9500
Doing a grad school project on a Carnegie library building.
Carnegie libraries are definitely on the endangered list.
Adaptive reuse needed!
I should prb listen to call the game on
Welcome!
RT : At my favorite Tea House in Baltimore for the happy hour, pre happy hour.
I enjoy my Artist's Coffee Break group.
Artists getting together to sip tea and coffee and chat.
So much fun!
The jazz four headed monster in the paint out dueling the one trick ponies on the clippers.
Agree...have you used iMovie?
Seeing cool ESL video done with iMovie now...
Any Marylanders give birth recently at home?
We're looking to talk to people for an article.
Contact at
All ReggaeINDUSTRY man  woman Nuff RASpect every time!
Seen?
It's all about keeping the fire burning...Protectors of the Flame!
Selah!
I might have to start eating at Chipotle more after hearing that.
MAHOMIES GO HARD!
:D
the goal is to not make him fall asleep while sexting 
Just heard advertising for constantcontact on kywnewsradio great ad
people really need to keep their hands to themselves how u come into someones house n steal ..smh
When we say Wow we mean it!!!
ok, i love my man.
despite throwing a hissy fit and being a bitch.
i love you, john.
i am sorry.
RT : JOB FAIR TODAY AT POTAWATOMI until 4pm.
Over 45 employers.
Free admission/parking.
Take your resume.
SPREAD THE WORD
gotta show some respect for the
whenever Quiznos and smoothie king do a trade off I get the rewards as well 
i fuks wit da Trayvon Martin case but r.i.p.
D.FARROW
Thanks for all of your RTs.
Glad to see you liked my tweets on productivity, GTD 
RT : What's the best place to get a brownie at?
....
A good one Ur kitchen, use the special butter!
;
Affection is responsible for ninetenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives
Agreed, and thanks!
This is not good...
Let's Make this the Knicks last quarter of their season boys !
whitehotheat !
letsgoheat !
I think we went from summer to winter 'round these parts.
:/ I love the fall, but it has been so cold!
I'm not sure but I think I might be Imy first tweed witcha gf!
excited?
ha!
Love it.
Spring Flowers are in!
Tell your loved ones, Happy Spring when beautiful arrangement of Tulips!
Starting at 8:30am, DCC Theater: Master Series with The People's Library librarians Betsy Fagin, Mandy Henk, and Zachary Loeb.
if people want instant effective action they should start gardens and be in community with each other.
this is my last tweet for tonight!
Some Lowe's hotel employee is a huge fan of Buble.
Only a true fan has the Totally Blonde soundtrack to play in the building!
You are here to do something you are uniquely created for.
No one else can do it like you can, that's why you're here.
Hey ,,u ready 2 serve 800 fine folks today.WE ARE!
Let's show them nashville's finest food trucks.God Bless all!!!!
Okay...
If you need me, let me know!
I get up at 6 every morning.
This is the time success rises!
An entire generation is never going to buy a home because they already have a mortgage on a college diploma that didn't get them a job.
Glad to hear that!
Emma  Erik are really good friends of ours :
You too!
I knew you were more than just an eye!
:
Watching Sonicgate.
Just fucking disgusted.
Fucking disgusted.
My Oilers scars feel fresh.
block 7.
i think they added bacon grease and pureed bacon to the aioli.
When are you guys coming to New York?
Chandler is HOT!
He'd better cool down before he gets that 2nd tech.
hmm ; im sure we will figure it out.
A 91yearold man dies in a house fire.
Neighbors say he was known as the 'neighborhood grandpa'.
The story at 11p.
Agreed!
Christie does not seem to want the rumors to end; his passive/aggressive tone is getting very old.
We're having issues with most of Scorecenter.
It's either really slow or impossible to access.
Is that related?
Do you have any shows coming up in Vegas??
okay deal:
Going fishing in the morning!
hope I can catch a lot

How you expect me to respect you when you acting like a hoe!
oh I pray for it !
Who beefing??
We Business men!!
I had lunch at today.
Margarita Paradise for cinco de mayo.
Yum!
So I am so tired, I'm about to pass out for the next 30 minutes.
I had so much fun with  's mamas last night!
:
Interviewing Natuzzi and Julian Chichester tomorrow for our HomeBuildLife Video Report from High Point!
6:00PM CALL F YOU WANNA GET PAID TO doctorNK COFFEE AND TEA 218 548 0886 Code: 417091 Inbox me after the call for feedback.
IT depts spend the inverse.
Mac does not scale to enterprise architecture.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone...Eat up!!!
Be grateful that you dont have everything you want in life.
You still have an opportunity to be happier tomorrow than you are today.
Come on packers i love you!
Running Rebels is looking for volunteers to help tutor during winter break!
Please email for more info!
Great weather 2day!!
Lots of produce, cider Stop by Tiny Greens 4 some WG!!!
Why can't I quit you, second space after the end of a sentence?
Waking up a 5 am again tomorrow so what do I only get like 4 hours of sleep a day 8 more weeks of this
I've heard that 78 or 80 Republican members of the House consider The Notebook to be their favorite movie.
Kindness will warm your heart!
There is nothing I enjoy more than the silent treatment after a homerun.
Omg ah
Shawn Green
Cool.
Tell all of your friends as well.
Haha
haha yeahh!
This whole week is fangirloverB1A4 week.
I did Baro yesterday.
Might have to do Sandeul again haha 
thank you!!!
Haha
Bushwick.
Wilson stop off the L.
I want to see some zines, zinester!
Kimmmy Kim Kim is that bitch  I love her so much, she's the best sista ever, she's so beautiful.
I wanna be her when I grow up :
Also he made 40 movies before he died at age 37.
The man did not sleep and died from an overdose of sleeping pills and coke
you really are a city girl now!
Il est fait!
Visiting Columbus June 29July 1!!
cc  anyone else who will be around!
iPOPS 150k GTD in 46 mins...sweat me if you can!
Tigh or LAG...not sure how to take the big tournies down?
Anyone?
I rather work being bored gets me depressed
And I don't know what I'm diving into Just hanging by a moment here with You.
What to do today.
don't you have a game this afternoon?
Zero respect
over here too..when it should be snowing!
cuddlebuddy ?;
I haven't read your book, but it's about time someone helps parents understand the terrorists we call exspouses.
Cayenne gargle not working for you?
Thoughts and prayers w earthquake victims of New Guinea.
Goodnight my fellow tweeters 3
Oh, lol, I'm slow.
Well, lol, im back from a long ass walk, lol, it's like 90 degrees out
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 29
for sure
it's so warm here like 65,:
Learning about consumer behavioralism with Catherine Roe!!
I know my sister will think it's crazy but I want to cook for my family for Mother's Day.
It will make it seem like last year with GraGra.
how old r u?
Just finished writing a spreadsheet to guide us through a song tomorrow night.
Yes, a spreadsheet.
Let me have it.
shits getting real.
Great seats!
is working on our new website.
I am a nyrangers fan!!!
That scene made me cry and I have no idea why????
I heart your familia!!!
Thank you!!
What's your favorite color?
:
so I hear!
just tweeted an AMAZING pic of the sun in SD!
So my friends ex randomly slapped my ass in the club and tried to act like it wasn't him and now he's trynna Holla at me ...
Smdh !
but you can't get mad for ppl calling what you say you are
Haha!
RT : Band: I want more reverb.
Guy at bar: I want more talent.
Youch.
They can't all be amazing.
Thank youit's an honor to be included in such a great anthology!
:
Trust me, I am.
Though that Avengers trailers was neat.
I just don't really get annoyed.
If I get annoyed then it's pretty bad.
That just blew me
very disappointed that handsome coffee doesn't have internet.
it was going to be my new work spot.
yo talk to your dood!
guess you missed 60 minutes last week
It should be up in a few days :
I haven't had mine, but what did Starbucks do?
Wedding Bells are ringing!
First wedding shoot of the year starts tomorrow!
3
Hey everybody!
Great positions are just around the corner.
I will be posting soon!
prayforeveryone in Japan, Hawaii, and California.
I'M FREAKING OUT!!
AH I AM SO PUMPED!!
awe man, I can't make it this weekend.
I got the little guy all weekend.
Juniors, are you ready for the ACT this Saturday?!
you all lied saw 3 is not on tonight....
When people lauugh and ask me what I see in you..
I laugh and tell them everything you dont.
As soon go kindle fire with snow, as seek to quench the fire of love with words.
Caitlin says i never tweet:
always enjoy looking at photography and had fun at his open studio tonight
Thank you for mentioning us, Ms Tiffany.
3
I love bein a Leo....ppl say we love bein da Center of Attention...but it's just that...we like to feel recognized /
Spring Breakers !
just changed my plan about 30 minutes ago without any problems...downgraded to streaming only
Following the American Antiquarian Society for AAS3rdCentury conference: Research Libraries in the Digital Age
haha isn't that true!
That's why I'm looking for more locals that actually have a sense of humor.
jl
Don't go demanding Pizza on MY birthday...However, You shoulda come by...
We did have pizza.
MM
that's how I was when I skyped Sam!
Idk if u know Sam tho haha..
T1: If health IT vendors take MD's feedback to heart, then they probably contribute to most applications in use.
Blackburn should be the next to go
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
3 more weeks for me
Love it!
Super hot guy in line at the pharmacy...eavesdoctorpping to figure out if he's single/diseased.
Just meet joe mauer and Danny Valencia!!!!!!
Life has been made and Joe mauler touched my hand!!!!!!
Ah!!!!!!!!!!
Haha wow.
Mine just keep saying that someones talking bad about me.
Under my messages it even showed that i sent that to ppl
I did mean modern, will look into product, thanks
Could not agree more!
Hello Jared, great to meet you here on twitter.
Great to be handling a former member of Earth Wind and Fire.
Make sure you check out the men of OUTinCHI on twitter:
My head hurts so bad.
Hey, when did the Google app get cool?
I don't even remember updating it.
when life gives you lemons, paint that shit gold
: Crucial win for the Sixers in Boston...way to steal one!
showyaluv ET clutch in the last 90 seconds.
Queen Caveat, love the band and love the sound.
Ever need anything give us a call.
Great day for a lunchtime walk.
Get outside!
This is takin all day
...so I can change the color to purple haha lbsds
lmfaoo haha i cant even fight with u bruh u won.....
THIS TIME!
lol
It's great, isn't it?
I can't understand how people dislike the place.
Awesome ballpark.
Beautiful day today!
Too bad yesterday was not, AT ALL.
Which of your favorite Louisville restaurants did you treat mom to for Mother's Day?
That moment when 1 of your bros is gonna try to commit the robbery on you.
NotCoolBro 
Not Everybody Is Gonna lyk Wat U Do.
Som Wil Spit Bak  U.
Turn Their Spit In2 A Scented Body Lotion, Smear It Al Ova uR Skin n Just Move On
: Hey!
What do you think you're doing??
I have no idea :/
I created a simple slide video titled long tail keywords posted it on facebook, youtube, metacafethey ranked 12 pages of Google
Somebody's greeting that morning good good lol RT : I don't remember saying I'll do this, but whatever
Have you tried those?
Don't take it personally if I go off on you today.
Except you misterarrison.
Legit.
Thanks for the note...
You have been followed!!
: : : followback teamfollowback tfb instantfollowback Talk soon!
Will do  right back atcha guys!
xo  We're back tomorrow.
Let's make this date night happen on Sat.!
People are more violently opposed to fur than leather because it's safer to harass rich women than a biker.
I want a Valentine.
Dinner movie roses and hot pornographic sex.
Is that too much.to.ask.4
Im glad I learned from my mistakes.
Full attention to my future.
Success.
thx for the follow!
lol I know!
They need to win this yr bc its chipper Jones last yr.
They're really gonna suck when he leaves!
It's GAME ONE people.
Chill.
an NOBODY saw dat.
ONE MORE MONTH until opening night of the Magical Lamp of Aladdin!!!!
Mark your calendars!
Kg was here!
Thanks to , , , Brian Engblom for joining , Thursday morning!
Nuggets feeling pretty good, thats great!
They have butt whoopin on tap!
So, Who Framed Roger Rabbit?
Find out tonight  7:00 PM EST!
On Cartoon Network!
Shout out to heterosexual sexually active dudes that don't know what a cervix is
Insane in the membrane ....
got no brain.
:  Leavin' on a jet plane.
Lkg.
forward to singing as guest with Trio Fri.
4/22.
Berkeley jazz can't wait!
OZ Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck just completed the semiannual Enviromental Health Inspection.
No Hits...Woo Hoo...
there is also RSS feeds of almost every element feel free to make suggestions on mailing list
I'm gonna be an asshat and blow up 's notifications, being the annoyingly wonderful sister I am:
Heard power 105 is doing a tribute.
We'll be listening in the office RIPBIG can't believe it's been 15 years
Why Lakers why 
: I miss the days when every problem could be solved with Rock, Paper, Scissors
Wake up, look out the window, kids climb into the bed for a snuggle.
GREAT way to start the day ...
I'm getting to that class late tmister 
I LOVE HIM INFITY PRINCETON!
No.
Juliet Will Stay.
Ceelo, Save Juliet.
For Our Sake.
You know your dating life sucks when 20 year olds are giving you dating tips...lol
Sometimes people say, You look familiar...
Are you my bus doctorver?
:
So glad that you're safe!!!
:D YOU'RE GOING TO FINALS!
:
can you please follow me?
im an american directioner :
Thank you for changing the world.
RIP
If there's anyway to have that by tomorrow COB that would be extremely helpful.
Business jargon WTF
Somber day today.
I am trying to convince my husband to go ballroom dancing with me.
Have fun!
are you referring to that cute little 12 year old ?
Anyone have the video of KRIT on Fallon last night?
if you had a time machine, where would you go?!
Just put in a bid for a brick house.
It's mighty, mighty!
I wantanr8 because I would operate it with style deserving of the fine piece of art that it is.
honestly?
How old do I look?
CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CLL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL CALL!!
How do I know I've become an adult?
I have never paid so close attention to a benefits lecture before in my life.
Ever.
I wanna spend this beautiful night with you 3
Blast Delts today?
I started to wear swim shorts to gym since 110 degree inside.
U should finally come to Bmore for the launch of our jewelry line in April!
Hey everybody, we're OPEN earlier than planned.
Come on in for dinner and a doctornk.
proud to have you as a CAF athlete and to support you on your way to greatness
I prefer eating at the Y....
JetBlue issues full refund to cancelled redeye SJC to BOS.
Nicely done Jet Blue
Comparing pre and post grad school resumes, I realize: my program has been great, and I got a ton out of it.
Thank you !
our players have been riding me about not tweeting ...lol
AX Nicholson Street  Huff Court just passed the entrance to White Flint Mall
our pleasure!
In Fontana for a series Downhill race Scott is headed up for the 1st of 2 races.
Riding his backup bike waiting on repairs for his Ironhorse
i can invite you via facebook if you want.
that might take you off the waiting list
Awesome!
Thank you so much!!
Copy and invoice by last week Feb and yer on?
X
I'm like NASA, I can't do anything
Rediculessness cracks me up
Sounds like you have had some great trips...I'll be in touch about feedback...Next week I'm off to Brazil for a month...
I was hoping to win every series
time for the yanks
Thanks for the kind words.
I can't believe it's been four years.
Enjoy your weekend and always remember the summit.
Insomnia, what is with you?
Let see what u got RT : lets network and build i want my artisr on your show
Smh I hate nights like this.
Man.
The doctorg time on Best Buy online orders from Black Friday is killing me!
I want my iMac...NOW!
Big thanks to and for pimping our post!

Joy is true Peace giving by God and NO ONE or NOTHING can take that JOY away.
When you have JOY you're in a GREAT place/space,
oh i'll b here, wating
we're gonna be playing there.
we got a lot of people coming, it's gonna be a big party
Why isn't anyone good at math.
Why does my life suck.
Tune into E!
in less than 5 minutes live from the red carpet is starting!
Thanks, BethAnn!
We love supporting Jdoctor  We hope it makes you feel good when you wear it :
Labels and songs are exactly what sell beer of that sort though.
I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes, hate in my heart, love in my mind.
I see nights full of pain, days of the same.
Wise men sit back and listen to fools talk.
Do you get combat pay for that?
The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higer the fences get
Bleu Magazine is looking for an online editorial intern.
School credit can be given.
Submit resumes to .
NYC based 
we both say we single and we both lying
Starting the new year off by working a double :D
you always got some smart shit to say, you probably be getting popped in the mouth.
RT : I already have the bidding at 50 for the Vegan Extravaganza
Love all around.
Hell yeah!
who scored?
you ready for a new post?
i'm ready for a new post...maybe something to read while waiting for the supp.
doctorft to start?
On Saturday FutureMusicMoguls will present their Final Projects as teams
Wanted to know if you would be open for 2 events at UJ, the CPC Crew and another one...
see ya tonight!
I want you to love me like I'm a hot ride;
where in va?
What a Great Night
is gonna wrestle a live bear at 9FEST ?
Uh awesome
sittin watching television...
i hate wating tv it bores me but i had like 10 dvrd shows my mom wanted to delete :p
Working out while traveling is always a challenge this weeks blog post will be how I faired
good morning !!!!!school is officially over for urise it to the roof  woot wootcoming over tonight !
Did you know that dogs have twice as many muscles for moving their ears as people?
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you do not have; remember that which you now have was once among the things you only hoped for
awesome, thanks!
I just found u on Facebook accept daphne :
PickUpLine: Let's bypass all the bullshit and just get naked
Well congrats!
Protein shake instead of lunch...
Just not the same
You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.
Just enjoyed doing some fashionable retouching for Jason Kibbler Studio.
I think you're idea of an automated semicolon debate is a good one.
Then maybe people will stop wasting their time on this topic
holy cow man!
Your blog about us is beyond flattering!
That is sick!!!
I agree with you!
I change for NOBODY.
Playing TONIGHT at the with and the Migs.
Let's RnR!!
GOOD MORNING DIVA'S RT ENTREPRENEURIAL LEADS TO LEADERSHIP.
WE SHOULD HAVE MORE LEADERS THAN FOLLOWERS.
SEND SEND SEND!!
FREE doctorNK SENDS UNTIL ONLY 5PM!!
Media literacy is critical to broadening our world view.
We must create counter narratives says Dean Renee White of Simmons College.
nah we like to see :P
I fell off the roof and broke my leg
She Just Doesn't Understand How I Feel About This !
Struggling in your marriage?
We can help...
Hi, we do not.
We represent the Hermanos Lurton Verdejo.
Whole Foods Nora has this.
You're very welcome!
No you didn't!
That's amazing.
We should gather up a crew for this year's Halloween.
I wanna go to Santa Barbara!
: Just went out of my way to tell someone they have a really nice hairline.
The UK marketing industry is viewed as one of the world's 'centres of excellence' for creating effective integrated communication campaigns.
love it babes
The Network will be closed all weekend and will resume normal hours on Monday.
Be safe.
2012  doctorw more  mouse less.
going to hazen pool
When/if you download Tera and start patching..go to Launcher Setting and turn off Peer to Peer.
HUGE difference in d/l speed
will do wish you were here!
RT: eat some yummy food for me!
Rainy day in WV 
No power great .
Put down Pride  Prejudice  Zombies.
Is this what it takes to sell a classic to the masses today?
Action, blood, zombies...
I'm sure that will be a relief for the husband.
I'm not very emotional normally, but I kept turning into this sobbing mess of pathetic.
Mirror : Oh,You look beautiful today!
Camera : I don't think so.
Being second is to be the first of the ones who lose.
Ayrton Senna 1
Because mobile phones are such a personal part of our world, mobile marketing has the potential to create a uniquely powerful impact.
Good Luck to at the Track Championships, hosted by
Brunch plans with the family has been made.
Getting ready in a flash, because we are already behind schedule.
I LOVE MY FOLLOWERS!
look forward to learning the surprise about
Im reporting the 4 of you.
Love your mission by the way...
....
turn that shit the fuck off and shut it down right fucking now.
Tryna hate on ma man weeeez
CNN International live streaming Syrian crackdown.
Reminds me of Libya.
Wait.
Aren't we still there?
War Powers Act anyone?
RT : RT : doctorams are often divine clues to one's purpose.
Janet Todd
Looking forward to jamming w/ tomorrow at the 150th Anniversary bash/ LightUpNight at
ARE YOU KIDDING ME!??!!!!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!
24hours !!!!!
LEGGOOO !!
52
please don't hate me forever.
gives OLLG ticket :D
No worries at all!
Can't wait to hear how it goes today.
Let me know if you need anything this afternoon.
Hey, how was your day???
the whole time we were filming, he couldn't stop talking about how great you are.
Happy Hump Day!
Stop by the Goat for lunch and start the second half of your week off right with 2 Mexican Cerveza all day long!!!
Wen ur friends steal ur fone and they send i love u to every guy on ur contact list.
The best part is they actually Taste good!
I finally got an iphone!
I could finally talk to that bitch siri lol
Yes, The Brewmaster Is Bout To Jet Back To Vegas, But This Time I'm Bringing A New Game To Town, And A Bunch Of My AList Friends!
Kemp: Great ideas for making archival digital collections usable for digital humanists by encoding data in TEI.
S13
Promote yoursellf or business and sponsor me in the 2010 Miss California Pageant airing on the CW!!!
some girl named Haley once told me that I was the only exception!
:
RT : Loved the screening at :
Hm...
would you like some more?
I read PLENTY.
:D
SO excited to be working w iconic British brand  opening the Newbury St location later this month!
doctor Pepper b giving video game shit away
You alright?
: Hurry up and get famous so you can hire a bodyguard.
Super Awesome Let's Rock RT : all good  how about with you?
Nice job on tonight!
Very well said!
Client is giving away FREE timeshare at Tahoe Seasons.
This is ownership, not just a week's stay.
Message if interested
To Republicans relief and Rick Perry's credit he remembered who he was endorsing.
I really love you people, but not in a creepy way or anything.
So many of you are amazingly creative and doctorven.
replacing tube with repeat as it says on your site.
Love doesnt hurt, if your relationship involves being hurt, get the hell out of the situation use your strengths to move on..
Instead of jazzed dating professorles they should use MySpace
Hm...Manhattan, Brooklyn, Bronx, Staten Island, Queens?
How wonderful!
MT : High School Seniors are headed to Joplin to help rebuild today!
2012 is going to be the best year now my mom is thinking to go on a CRUISE to Europe right after we leave Dominican Republic YEE !!!
why don't you get some already?!
Good luck to as she prepares to begin her plenary talk at MAC today.
your mom is a woman after my own heart with the Colin Firth movies.
Nice choice.

ABQ ALERTs unlicensed contractor stole 7500 for construction work n' disappeared.
Please take heed.
Check credentials, license, etc.
why do they hide you on the early show.
I can;t be up that early
I will
It's too late for the otherside
OMG I got sorted in Gryffindor!!!
I'm pretty sure even my dog is judging me right now...
Also, why do I not own a gingham doctorss and a straw hat?
This holiday is off to a rough start.
Legrand  Ortronics Continues to Innovate With EZ Patch: a Revolution in Patch ...
SYSCON Media
I have all the information I need about opposition to womens' health.
Roe was 40 years ago.
Curious why you care so much?
Checked it out fam it's not what we are looking for right now but never stop and keep grinding you never know we may meet again at the t ...
Are you trying to buy tickets or reserve a specific table?
the pleasures all mine.
Hello our house made Guac RT : What's cooking today?
Our way of saying Hello , ,
Snowy night in Georgia....
I hope you're thinking of me, because thoughts of you doctorft into my mind at least a million times a day.
Glad I'm not the only one :
I can do that for you
Hoping that report is false.
With Cook getting rocked followed by the 17 inning marathon, shouldn't Beckett have been available?
Grammy award winner, platinum selling artist misterCheeks...
yeah that's the one : Tonight at
Why cant you be close to me like you used to be?
69Factsaboutme 39.
I'm the oldest child.
Yep, that would make sense given the Chronicle props!
My sister arrives tomorrow.
Watch out new york!
thanks for the follow!
:
Oh that sounds like it could be a good inspiration for something.
Lol!
thanks for the shoutout!
I love Focalin.
As in I would marry Focalin if that was legal.
thanks for signing last night, it was cool just chilling and talking.
Listening to  I LOVE YOU GUYS :
R.I.P Adam Yauch of Beastie Boys :'
Now I'm intrigued  going to have to see it!
Sister, it helps with the flow!
Have had to come to terms with it lately and give myself grace.
Ha ha!
attn: please be careful tomorrow.
the marijuana addicts will be out getting high on grass and then rioting, looting, and raping.
Check with your clinic but our introductory massage starts at 49
Weekend of spring cleaning, work and errands done!
A few hours left for Lazy Sunday :
Ah, I didn't see that.
Interesting idea, depending on the community.
I'd be worried about the small dev with the next big idea...
Idc what anyone says, seeing the Tupac hologram is suddenly on my bucket list.
Just spoke with and they have NO KNOWN ETA for their problem to be solved.
Not the first time either.
Great win
Have you stopped using your usual AV products because of cutbacks?
Are you using a lesser quality case because of it?
Love is still the sweetest feeling there is, but you just have to make sure both of you feels it...
At the right time...
And the right place
Anyone still playing diablo 3 from last night ?
yesssy.
Can you teach me your wise ways?
Pretty bad?
Scoreless thru 6, now 20.
Quite a blowout ...
if this were soccer.
I deadlifted 225 lbs at CrossFit tonight.
Pretty sure that's a first.
i need a coowner who would like to coown :?
alright um hehe what do you wanna do today and if you get me i sick ill kill you
I am trying to think more about emotions these days, you know, those things that only women are allowed to have
Keep a green bough in your heart and a singing bird will come.
Lao Tsu
Have a that never hardens, a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts.
3
Yes.
I just read a hang glider got hurt there this afternoon.
BTW, how's your nephew doing with the C.diff?
You can invest in the Stock Market and gamble or you can Invest in Yourself and control your Return!
Coach Terry
I will try to work on it when I have some down time.
Hope you are having a good week :
Let me get some action, from the back section.
Quick Tip: Keep your fonts consistent.
Tacos De Adobala  A California burrito 3 I'm in heaven.
AP: Obama says 1 year after killing of bin Laden, goal of defeating alQaida now 'within reach'
I been up since 4am listening to music not feeling to good
Happy Birthday
I am really banking on this thing to happen and if it doesn't ill be seriously screwed
If you enjoy christian music, you should check us out!
We have lots of cool music you may enjoy!
: deeznuts RT for for new trend
And yet again she tweeted arrangement and combination
Lunch Dessert  NEW YORK STYLE CHEESECAKE seasonal berries
I'm finished with my shit
Our favorite pizza place in Baltimore?
Joe Squared hands down!
What's yours?
Let us know the who/what/when for your next event so we can help promote it and be there to support ya!
Celebrating the women in my life!
HappyMothersDay!
Day 39 no coffee.
Missing how great my apartment use to smell on weekends when the coffee finished brewing.
oh I will have to try that next time!
Zap!
Pow!
Say goodbye to your aches and pains this Spa Week.
Call to book your massage now!
where are the plans we made for two?!!
anytime darling!
You are one of the best!!
And we are loyal to the friends of
The Capitol Steps have a show in Athens, GA  University of GA Performing Arts Center 02/10/12  8pm.
Don't follow us.....STALK US!!!
Atlanta!
With Arnold Palmer Invitational, Tiger Woods and He's BACK trending right now, I think it's safe to say Tiger is back on the golfing radar
And then the bass brought the house down...literally.
Hey, thanks!
Pretty good thank you, how about yourself?
Everyone should listen to our new song Hope Is All We Have and like our page
i love being sweet baby you really mean so much too me im really happy your in my life
Brotherofman acoustic show tonight at HeadHunters in Austin  playing around midnight  come by and check it out
Exciting news  congratulations!
It's really nice today :
I've changed SO much in the past month , but I'm really starting to like who I'm becoming.3
I'm worried about Skywalker Ranch.
Heard there is a 3alarm fire inside one of the buildings.
Fingers crossed
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 59F FAIR
Did I just see Bryce Harper steal home?
Taking it easy tonight after yoga killed my back last night...and then going at it again tomorrow.
Like a champ.
It's not that I'm Politer than you  it's that you are Ruder than I am...
well I do now!
Ellen are you a Yorkshire lass?
:
Reppin' the LadyBallers and all Female sports fans/professorssionals at
same here
Thank you for your plug.
no big deal glad 2 c u n a better mood
Getting ready to make Saturday supper: chicken feta/spinach sausages, quinoa,  sauteed kale w/ garlic.
What kind of wine would go best?
I think so...they are selling a 4 pack for 57 plus fees...they are probably up high though
you don't believe me...
Awesome!
We are going to have a lot of fun!
I can't wait for our chat on ethics and of course all the yummy pizza from !
I forgot about Suri's Burn Book!
Thanks!
Haha.
Unfortunately for you, I didn't have her.
I DO have something for you for both Con Law  BA though
He makes me happy!:
Thanks for following!: Love your Bieber page on facebook!
would be great to get some idea how widespread it is, so thinking about giving docents a hashtag they can promote as well.
Were going round after round
Yeah i have her on facebook.
:
Thanks to the great people at Printwear for a great show in Dallas last weekend!
See you in Indy June 12, 22  23
Made it through another round of cuts!
Yes!
We've got Mom's Chili for the snack tonight but 2 Cabin Still and 1 cans of Old Milwaukee are all day  night!
If I Die Tomorrow then I want everyone to know right now that you are all beautiful and I love all my friends and family to death 3
should be a good one.
I can get all the games on Xbox live if you wanna come up for one of them
Oh, perfect.
Goodnight Twitter Fam tomorrow is a big day for O.V.R.Its our Debut performace at Jerry Browns Gala !!!
P.S.
There will be famous ppl there!
I also suggested reading widely.
Even if I feel like I don't like a genre, I'll take a chance and sometimes I end up loving it.
You guys have to step up your game a bit.
The Hunter S Thompson one was the last one I liked.
No more doctorWHO!
talk to , I bet he knows a guy
BUDDY!!
will take down the Bulls and storm through the Eastern Conference sucka!!
Going back to bed because I have no life.
This shit is going to keep me up all night .
U got room left RT : I need sum new ink!!!!!
Its gettin nice n i have no new wrk on me
If there's a limit how'd I vote so many times today?
And yesterday??
Paleo cookbooks sound like one is boiling rocks or something
sure can
RT If your watching
Is it me or does LeBron's head band just KEEP getting bigger??!!??
No need to answer its a rhetorical question lol!
You guys are mean.
What games do you want to see more of from Blast at this year's E3?
Tell us so we can plan the best E3 coverage for our readers!
Tix to DC bought!
1st week in Feb it's going down.
Will DM deets.
Tell the fam!
my Luddite friend is somehow on Twitter and he is being really sassy about it.
FOLLOW WEDNESDAY:
just fyi that Highlander Grog at Cup O Joe is amazing!
I'm glad I ordered.
Omg these 2 bitches in my class have got to have thee most annoying laughs ive heard in awhile, sounds like sponge bobs laugh on crack x1000
He missed a dunk
I have a never ending love for Mads Langer and his music3Dally
www.thisiscyonflare.com Check it out!
Much Love!
Planning travel in 2013?
Our 2013 room rates going online this week so be sure and check us out for your Hawaii Island stay!
I think I have a problem.
I get upset when people don't load the dishwasher correctly 
in this day in age it might be too late.
that clip will probably be on youtube soon enough sadly
that's OK, Johnson County: totally expected you to turn up your nose...
RT : facebook is gay they should hook up with myspace.
Pres says he's ok with that.
Matt, we've been doing recess before lunch for several years and it works very well.
Glad we changed.
Ogmento is looking for a Game Programming Intern to help with our geosocial augmented reality games.
Paid, Near UCLA.
Holiness is one word is unchanging; meaning your whole, complete and perfect.
God is unchanging.
He's asking us to take on His character.
hi glad work with
Hundoctords of thousands of Hispanic students will be helped by student loan reform, so WeCantWait Obama2012 OFA.BO/NPXtsy
It is never right to do wrong nor is it ever wrong to do right.
I like that!!!
If only you know what the future holds after a hurricane comes a rainbow
lol.
So do I have to do the music too?
Or do u do tht??
Lol.
Btw, wht character were u??
I love beauty nd the beast!
3
Preciate the follow ma RT :  NOW FOLLOWING !!!!
Never argue at the dinner table, for the one who is not hungry always gets the best of the argument
just read about it.
Sleepuh sleepuh time.
Gonna doctorft away to a sparkly world with Edward Cullen played by Robert Pattinson.
Gimmuh some of dat!
Thanks for the welcome, Chanel!:
yeah, cause I'm gonna be tanner!
Theres a lot to be said about Super Bowl hype, but nothing better than a great superbowl game.
Bring it!
yea yea imma c how u act next week?
Date night?
We can go to Will's?
In a democracy it's your vote that counts.
In feudalism it's your count that votes.
My mom gne be.Tryna.kick me.so.I gtta stack and.get me a house
I admit it, I really like you, but it is not worth it anymore.
u play hockey?
Thanks!!
RT : have checked out many times.
Love these guys and wish them the very best...
This band is REALLY good.
Come out and see Escape Artist at Whiskey Tango.
some people just never change .
Remembering the time I flew the mile high club in the back room of a pimped out g5...
went nycvegasnyc in less than a 24 hrs...
gambled!
GThang already?
Is the second half of the set all Tupac via hologram?
I love the parity!!
RT: Painful Top 25 meeting todayno easy answer at the top.
Our rankings will be posted shortly.
Got to start training for lax soon.
Even though it's 6 months away.
Days of being lazy are over
Miss you too!
WeLoveLouisTomlinson and NotGayEnough are both trending!
Haha.
Perfect two!;
miss you to!
Nice to see SI already wrong on the KU prediction for the season
I love landing at DFW when there's another plane approaching on a parallel path.
working on new solo release.
a 5song concept EP.
So cute!
Great choice :
whydo I look so ugly in ur twitter pro pic?!
:
Dayummmmm he's hot
What am I writing about?
Why can't all these people love Jesus Christ the way they love Justin Bieber?
On the south
I don't disagree at all, never did.
I do believe in education through exposure though.
poor old michael finnigan!
Ambition is enthusiasm with a purpose.
Frank Tyger
Great but some events are national or international : Can that be considered during the redesign?
keepupthegoodwork!
Intro to Book Publishing class, how was tour?
What rare books did you see today?
Thank so much!!
Good morning!
Looks like it's going to be a beautiful day here.
What are your plans for the day?
Whenever I'm feeling down I can always count on my windmill to make me feel better about myself.
He's a HUGE fan.
That awkward moment when...
you post a status insulting someone and they like it......
Like do they not realize.....
IT'S ABOUT THEM????????
Congrats on the fundinggood luck to you guys in future!
It was a big concert week in CentralFL  which band is your favorite: , or ?
thanks bro!
its good to know people actually watch those lol
RT : went to go see the avengers with and c;
In a Tyler the creator mood.
I see lmaao hi :
Limited voting power is quite a turn of phrase.
I just found it lol
Interesting Night.
I turned the Clipper game off with 10mins to go in the 4th.
Does this mean I can't watch the rest of the series?
is saying Braun took and passed a lie detector test
For sure!
I got the perfect material for this summer too!
It's going DOWN!
time to claim what is ours!
RT Wow.
Kids stay in school until your finish high school, or turn 18.
Well done.
If you really want outstanding creative performance, you need people to focus on intrinsic motivations  factors inherent in the work itself
Damn Hot Shit , Gonna Be My Signature on my Beats!!
BFreeOndaBeat Daily!!!
Your tastebuds are wrong.
Sour cream is a staple in my food life.
What the hell I didn't say that!
The ice cream truck music blasting from down the block seems pretty discordant weatherwise.
I hate having to get out of bed to go to the bathroom.
The amount of shit I've acquired over the past year is undeliverable
luv it, poledancing guerillanfilm style.
...but whats is slag for you american cousins.
Lol
Very good
People are really excited about lil boosie huh?
Chapter 2012 Page 47 of 366 Got a glimpse of my future today...looking splendid!
im not tired yet its 11:35 pm
Great fit haventheardofhimuntilyourtweet RT Pats have agreed to terms with exChargers safety Steve Gregory S who can play CB
The Brewers magic number is now 18!
I'll take note!
U guys have GQ and Arena!
I don't think NY has got many men's fashion magazines either,to name a few: Nylon Guys, GQ, DETAILS, VMAN.
im confident in what i want in this life its just a matter of getting their.
I just want to listen to meek mill all day.
Is that so much to ask?
I always tell my friends if I was dude I wouldnt date girls that doctornks or smokes NotALady lol
that means your sight is improving!
how awesome  mine gets worse and worse, total blindness will surely follow
MY NEIGHBOR TOTORO was a perfect way to end the night!
6pm, but people trickle in at all times.
we'll be outside unless it's bad out!
Our new Phoenix Arizona location opens next week!
It is all by design for this moment in time...
Please take a few minutes of your time and vote!
Vote for who YOU want to see on OUR campus!
Your vote is SO IMPORTANT!
Woke up an hour ago and iv been wide awake since 
Gorillas in the Mist with Sigourney Weaver was the 1 movie this day in 1988.
Join today post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure.
Post all your highlight tapes you have on youtube on our site
ending the first job going back to bed and get get ready for my 2nd job have a good one hit when I get off
Not looking very good for Fletcher
any woman who tweets the word 'breast', even if they're just talkin' bout making chicken, is a lesbian.
m...don't know why you trying to get yourself in trouble.
The Atlantic Posts Ad Gains in Both Digital and Print
Steve Jobs' choices as a patient has sparked important dialogue about active roles we need to take as decisionmakers w/ doctors.
Thoughts?
RT since when is having sex with someone just hanging out?
what fucking world do you live in?
confession; I like to read like the REALLY good IB stories.
I have A great idea LETS HANGOUT YEAH
no censorship!
;
Oh my.
is on probation after he accidentally played Third Eye Blind on his computer.
Maybe will graciously step aside.
MT I want et al to give Dan Savage instead of
just saw music video!
beautiful voice, beautiful girl, beautiful video.
its all just beautiful!3
Can you please follow me?
:
If I could, Brother...
no primesuspect on NBC tonight?
what the hell!?
i have no idea what to watch tonight.
this throws my night completely off!
That's right!
RT : takes the best pictures, esp of my road dog THEY BOTH ROCK IT!!!
Your never too young to succeed remember all the great people in the world were young once too :
My rap name is TMoney.
Reppin that
Countdown is on!
The
we'd love it if you checked us out and told your followers to check us out!
Yes, talking right now, Ballroom 6 just across the hall from 10
Sounds fun af.
Gimme a few months to bulk up and im
hehe that's why y'all love me
The Google zipper is
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing on.
Heraclitus
fine wine and good spirits, an excellent time

I have a new car, a 2011.
The car I doctorve before that I doctorve for 16 years, until it died.
I'm not going to be able to watch 60 Minutes in my right mind if I don't have some buttercream, stat.
Tell Enrique he's awesome!
iHad a cool mother's day
thank YOU!
I may not be at you poker night, but I'm playing addbig too.
P
Sorry, doesn't look like we have those in stock right now.
Last day to take advantage of our exclusive Holland America sale.
All new reservations gets a 450 onboard value booklet....
prerolls are basically small joints.
already rolled and ready to go!
Thank you for your inquiry.
We have deeply considered your proposal and decided to say: NO.
I mean, we're creeps.
It's what we do.
happy chemicals bwahahaha.
gotta finda way to use that before the day is over!
kitchen aid mixer is off my registry!
yay!
so where were you....
We are about to add a NEW fan page due to the typo in the vanity URL, so watch for an announcement on Dave's personal page w/the new URL
Honor the historic street grid...
Chi didn't rename Michigan Avenue 'Second City Way.'
Well, I'm back at work...really sick of being sick at this point.
White ghost doctorva blue dot sipper this track is caliente ft Husband or Wife REMIX video coming be on the look ya
DITTO!
Lets go
thanks for sending my way!
Thank You Margi!
Be Blessed  Never Stressed
Why am I a fool?: Whenever..let me know.
He's always down to play.
Country music videos make me emotional
right on!
It is!
Been a long while since I posted to it.
aight L c u later ull be callin watch ;
ThingsIReallyCantStand when people chomp their gum like damn cows
Grandma's Boy on
I always play your we found love instead of Rihanna's
wow..
the woman looks amazing..
thanks for the headsup.
thanks for the mention.
I second that suggestion.
Its a fantastic book.
Ms Vowell is a hoot.
Dedicate a love song to your valentine by tweeting the song name and your valentine's Twitter username using
Could I see this person's FB page?
You have no idea how much I appreciate you posting this student's updates, though!
So Cool Out, I Didn't Say I Was Lbs.
Agree!
RT : A3: Dont offer an ultimatum unless you are really prepared to walk away.
where have you been?!
I miss you!
I try to stay safe from that by only checking out hopelessly outdated quantitative methods books.
Grand Theft Auto 5?
YES PLEASE!!!!!
Pretty pumped up about this, cant wait for next weeks trailer!
Early morning to play golf!
Its gonna be hot as fuhhhh!
Yeah, awesome concept.
Did anyone hear ask How many times have you been properly in love?
OMG!!!: haha
first I had mizouno but they changed so I don't like them and then I had brooks and they were okay and new balance was good too:
a solid shout out to on with
Just spent time with CASA kids in the neighborhood, huge economic challenges, and the lucky ones with loving relatives
Yes I feel it!
3
I feel like I got hit by a bus!
The only thing is that I haven't even doctornk in 2 day!
Well i just realized i made the Deans list : 
RT : and it's always with lets go.
Who's she referring to, her modeling partner?
Good question!
Heel, boys...
Wilkins: Orgs need to be aware of what people are saying about them on social media even if they don't have a corporate presence.
thank you for the follow!!
I'll keep water close by next time, I'm in Richmond.
I write poetry and short stories.
Plan on freelancing soon...
did mister fleck call you about pictures?
Thanks for the continued support at CKCU 93.1 FM Ottawa!
Peace!
Completley get your basking part...we are basking in picnic joy before we gear up for our next trip...
at least least you're doing good there.
Btw, whoever said you look old is blind as fuck...just letting you know ;
haha I had a feeling.
Good one:
Just got the only tan.
Gettin' preped for my big shoot with Rick Day.
Thanks for the RT
Just got out of target.
Target is now gonna start selling fruits and vegetables on 3/27 or something.
Coolios
I do.
But only if you share those pain meds.
Kidding!
note actually.
I don't IM.
I don't linger on fb.
I wish my : mom was a stay at home mom
gm josh
Roll on Sunday till I get back to NI and go play a bit of quality golf around Ballyclare again
Twitter just exploded.
is back.
It's the only way to live.
Someone is paying some bad music in the bathroom on full blast..
!!
Lol
HappyHour at runs from 37pm MF.
Come in for 3 wells, Discount doctorfts  6.25 Guinness pints!
: It's my birthday:happy birthday low key I think we met at mcdonalds?
OMGZ!
We're gonna be on WGN morning news on FRIDAY!
Check us out along with other sketchfest acts from 7am9am!!
I need to get started on that soon!
Can't wait!
hi raggs, happy thursday to you
the argument is not against my beliefs, but ignorance in general...always bring a book...freedom depends solely on the informed...duty calls
Looks interesting!
RT String theorist Jim Gates on how the human mind formulates systems of belief in sciences liberal arts
IMPORTANT THOMAS REMINDER: ARRIVE AT LEAST ONE HOUR BEFORE YOUR TRAIN RIDE.
WE REALLY MEAN IT!!!
WE DO NOT WANT YOU TO MISS YOUR TRAIN RIDE!
Before you get started, smartalecks  no, that wasn't last year :
I think it's time for me to make a batch of homemade bodyscrub.
I like knowing what's going on my body.
I'm thinking
Now I know I work tonight.
Except where do I work again?
Crap.
Off to Portage County Business Council tomorrow for a talk on VoiceofCustomer, can't wait!
I have heard awesome stuff about him!
Poli sci faculty at Wayne is truly amazing!
Read Brad Roth if you get a chance :
Been on twitter for a week and totally hate it.
I miss facebook...
chance to see Harper's Debut in person, u going?
would you layoff of Tebow?
Get over it.
In reality, you don't know anymore than anyone else about how he'll do as the starter.
What's considered casual cocktail attire for men?
Oregonian's Bruce Ely is taking a gigapan superzoom ultracool photo tonight at JeldWen Field...
will be on oregonlive.com
RT : Our attention span has been reduced from 20 minutes to 9 seconds, largely thanks to Web browsing.
Have van will travel!
Hit us up to come to your town.
You look so pretty today.
Love that color on you!
:
Gen X moms are notorious helicopter moms
great to see you have a twitter!
LOL, i love it!
Some stats are useless..
Welcome everyone!
Thank you for joining bartenderme.com!!!
We will be continuing to update the site, bring the hottest events to youAndoctorw
RT : So many hard choices at heartcamp  I want to hear everyone!
you're doing a wonderful thing as an intern!!!
Most of our West and Southwest clients, non documentation, are from east and west
SometimesYouHaveTo ...
play dumb...
ignorance can not only be bliss, but it can even save your life under the right circumstances.
The Sun don't stop shining!!!
Texas Roadhouse is OMAZING!
Great steak!
very pretty girl
such an easy life.
I meant the iphone one lol
Next ppv OverTheLimit i cant wait
These people don't get it.
Everyday is Mothers Day
Good morning all..
Happy race day!!
I just DM my email.
Looking forward to it.
May need 1 social policy for all employees, and 1 for people using social in their job, but not for each site.
That's TOS.
well 2 bad for u
Cut to: Sergio Leone close up
Tweet w/ me or 1 of the other hosts about our tweets, RT things we tweet or answer our ?'s.
You know when playoffs come someone sees something they like so they like that team.
cfaleadercast Intuition is the highest output of a culture of trust.
Angela Ahrendts, Burberry CEO
In this life we cannot do great things.
We can only do small things with great love Mother Teresa
says: Traffic Lights are out MD355 at Middlebrook
Herewepurple My favorite color is purple!
loving all the purple logo's today
Admiration of ya waist, salavating for a taste
Another great acting class with at the Performance Lab!
It's your first Ustream without braces !
so proud !!!
Thank YOU!
You've done great work here with LSS and we wish you the best of luck with your next big adventure!
FOLLOW YOUR doctorAMS!!!
Seriously....anything is possible when there is a WILL there's a way
AH!
The crossword puzzle proposal on Greys!
Clever clever clever.
I'm excited!
Two Mondays in a row...not planning on going for three!
do you even have my number ?
FOLLOW ME
thanks suze!
I love you too!
i want to thank , russell for his time, support,  resources that will  has helped the film project 3rd wheel forward
When Curling your hair with heat let the curl cool off before you touch it, and it will last all day!
Nah I'll do my hw later.the next day they say can I see Ur hw I forgot to do mine
Tonight I'm with vocalist Cathy SegalGarcia at the Oyster House in Studio City CA.
Jazz.
Guitar, Bass  Percussion.
Aw, hugs!
BTW, I sent you the completed form a little while ago.:
Creative Animal Relif radio show airing every Wed at 7pm ET time www.blogtalkradio.com/creat...
new topic everyweek!
iLikePeopleWho r just like me
Happy Groundhog Day!
Almost my favorite holiday...
Sorry spelled pujols wrong in an earlier tweet, sorry Albert Pujols, welcome to the AL
Then what does this lead us to infer about Texas?!
:O
Students interested in HCI research  follow chi2012 to see what's happening at conf.
and to connect with likeminded people cc
I'm not qualified to make a medical diagnosis.
There's a reason I cook for a living: I'm not very smart.
The discovery of a new dish does more for human happiness than the discovery of a new star.
BrillatSavarin, Anthelme
Thanks!
Yes, you, me, and about 2 dozen other photographers and camera operators!
I get it.
I generally try to avoid helping other people in stalker behavior, unless I have it in for the stalkee.
Cultural Center breakfast special: Spinach and Feta Cheese Omelet with hash browns and toast 3.95.
Eat in or take out.
9416254175 ext.261
so hot!!
John, you put the 'shiv' in chivalry brother!
happy birthday!!
So you broke up with me for her......wow I thought I was a good gf I guess I was wrong
awesome article!
thanks for the mention!!
yeah.
I'll be interested to see where he ends up, hopefully they figure it out this afternoon!
why did that lady spread nutella all over her face?
Can you DM me your email addoctorss?
I'd like to formally invite you to a Wisconsin Cheese event in Cleveland.
Thanks!
Jon
Can you say one game over reaction?!?
Where are the Dolphins when you need them?!?
just finished my 2nd doctorft of detroitangel read through next week!
Anybody see the naked person walking down 390 yesterday?
5852222899
Rt!
Next time:
ETA within the hour.
m....
MT So...
I hear its NationalCoffeeBreak day ..
who's offering deals in the Madison, WI area?
You might get some biz.
My kid's stock just came today!
Now we're both official owners of the World Champion Green Bay Packers!
I stopped laughing at Michael Scott from The Office years ago.
If he was a real person I'd hate him  fire him  probably put him in jail
You talk a lot of crap...
if your scared of course
Thought it was funny, but he missed key point: it's publishers who categorize books.YA has produced lit.
classics.
DG!
doctorPepper lover!
His weakness!
L.A.
or Denver?
Denver, easy.
TRINA is in today...Everyone start calling in and get the BEST FACIALS from Trina
Asked: Who created Apple?
Response: God.
Anybody who mentioned chocolatechip cookies on their presentation got A from me.
April 5th is a community support day for 5 of sales for all the Oakland county stores will go to this awesome organization
He deleted the pic:'?
re What would you do if you knew you could not fail?
This is one of my favorite questions,  one we should ask ourselves daily.
Fab I'm A Moron Melo
I don't know either one, unfortunately.
There are definitely a lot of Saucedo's out there!
Only if you give the first dance to me.
Girl I promise I'll be gentle.
We gotta do it slowly3
I just played an awesome April Fool's joke on my intestines.
Good luck to all those headed back for a new semester at school!!
I wish I was going back!
LOL.
Grateful for people who can take the heat when chips aren't just falling, they're melting.
yes.
Handles the ball well.
Finishes great around basket with both hands.
Runs the floor well.
He's only going to get better
The farther behind I leave the past, the closer I am to forging my own character.
Isabelle Eberhardt
I am here.
: : Lots of haters tonight.
Where are my teamashley fans?
gopdebate definition of Church v.
State is well prepared tonight ill give him that clarifies Cabinet comment
Congrats to on getting that JD today!!!!!
i may be extra paranoid, but i can see bank account numbers on the check.
I'd blur it out!
I would call you an angel, but there aren't any angels as beautiful as you :
See you after Springsteen tonight!
Save a cocktail for us ...
Glory Days...
;
you know nothing about Richmond Virginia.
We do play a very big part of that!
RT Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Aristotle
Have any of you read Kraken and love it?
I am having hard time finishing that book.
Don't care a bit about that squid and people around it.
Great meeting you at the AMA's gifting suite!
Come follow us!
im thinkin if i woulda been ready on time this morning i wouldnt be so bored waiting now...
lmao!!!
woman P KimBeezy
please follow me I would be so happy!!:
You're a stud 3
in 7 phases of grief of divorce,seems gothru all each day,w/1yr til end of process,wife left after31yrs 5kidsfor better lifeat61yrs old;
Ask for Shawn.
he is the bomb.
Made this trip to flipburger so worth it.
Love the quick wit.
If Your Single Make This As Your Status  Whoever Inboxes You A ''Theyy Wanna Change That
THANK YOU3
Kobe will always make the tough shots
I'm not a faggot twilight sucks ass
life is short hahahah so hit the blunt lmao
When childoctorn use social media, it is important they are reminded by caring adults how online behavior today, can impact their future.
and their hockey hullabaloo...
lol i wish it would stop snowing!!
.
your welcome :D
the new iSquid?
Get some ambition, why you bored
our hearts are with everyone in japan.
hoping for the best there and everywhere else feeling the impact.
LB under tsunami advisory...
Go Penguins!
Congrats to the Philadelphia 76ers on their first round victory.
OMG so HOT!
Last set of auditions for Jack Squad 2, August 9th, 2009 at The Relapse Theater, 380 14th St.
Atlanta, GA 30318.
it is a great opportunity but the first time being away from my son  he is 22 months old.
Yeah.
I had HIM figured out!
LOL!
I want every1 that is in AmarilloTx to go out and support GGMG for ThrowedThursday tomorrow night
You are pretty cool too!
oh nice good for you.
Hope you get it.
you too!
got that right!!
2ID 10th Mountain Vet!
Don't cry.
I'll buy you all the happy meals in the world to make you happy again!
3
Didn't he pass that law?
Lilly Ledbetter Act, or am I remembering wrong?
yes I think so too, I don't wanna see this shit!!
awe hope ur ok now
Called Dad a Mustard Tiger for using too much mustard and he got really mad.
Printed the programs for the Yates/Wheatley football game.
Hope you guys don't get rained out!
Just walked out on H and his bedtime shenanigans.
My patience has reached its limit.
I thought I was your best friend!?
Bob Dylan Christmas Album?
Whhaaaaatt??
This seems wrong to me.
Awesome BCC rehearsal tonight!
Tomorrow nights show at the Highdive is gonna kill!
:
Hahaha, real smooth!
Sidenote: We saw DCFC last week at the Riverside in Milwaukee.
Tremendous show.
you rock!
Florence  The Machine?
Check.
Alterra Coffee?
Check.
Google Analytics  RegEx wizardoctor?
Check.
Here's to you, monthly reporting.
enjoyed playing selections of Haydn, Bartok and Ravel for members of Opus Affair Boston last night!
Thanks for the K!
if its all rest you can compile it with sphinx locally
Whatever your politics, weiner is the kind of person needed in Congress: pugnacious, principled and savvy, except when it comes to Twitter
ugh who actually cares about school?
you?
of boy going over to the dark side..
i should probably do my homework
Off to LaCrosse to watch some state dance!
My only inspiration for waking up at 5:30 is working out with good looking women...
What inventions can you not live without?
supportlocalmusic Playing songs now till 5p on Check it out
oh, they're wonderful people.
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show?
;......
Good Monday morning!
Have you seen our commercial on your favorite show?
Tweet to LADIES:: if a GUy tells you he doesn't want a relationship with you..tell him KEEP it MOVING BRUH, I'm not gonna be a
Iphone better hurry up
Actual Comedian, thank you for the new twitter bio!
After countless hours of research, I've decided that there is no better study music than Thelonious Monk.
Had a hearty breakfast of ice cream sundae.
I'm finally taking responsibility for my health.
thinking of doing an impromptu panel at SFACSA on experimental history; whoever is around  nothing too formal.
interested?
balu, billy go kill it!
The Goonies, Interview With A Vampire, A Beautiful Mind, The Boondock Saints 1  2, Cool Hand Luke, Animal House, and I can't
CBS Radio didnt want ANY lax talk.
In B'more?
Dumbasses!
MD vs.
JHU 2nite  classic!
Harbs  Belichick are here.
Good enough 4 them!
Bulldog
smh Awful game !
Yankees turn the page bring the O's !
It's freezing in here...this construction project needs to be done already.
thunders the best in the west!
Neil Lane and Lynzi must have the same makeup artist!
full moon party in OB!!
We play at Mother's Saloon 91130pm!
where u at kid
twitter friends.
Shooting very cool music video with the band liars overnight and tomorrow night.
I'm a serial killer doctor cleaner!
rich bitch
Have some good eats  treats!
Let's all line up in order of who's the worst daughter.
Quick, everyone behind me.
I absolutely love spaghetti and meatballs.
You makin' some?
Outside of Rachacha in the Finger Lakesyou?
I wasn't doctornk!
Dude, you threw my bird to a cop yelling GO ANGRY BIRD, GO KILL THEM PIGS!
The NBA really runs Twitter
Save that goofy shit
Cant wait for someone to come along to sweep me off my feet
He may strive to transcend all that is mundane and bestial, but in the end Ahab is a onelegged old man who requires the help of others.
: Let's go Buccos let's go Pens Well the Bucs got an inside the park homer so we got half of that covered.
Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it's broken, but you can still see the crack in that reflection.
I'm so sorry : I know it won't be the same Dunn was the best and he will be missed.
Love you Bam Bam3
So bad U of A is not off today...
Is that it?
lol!
Ur tripping, remember we have a 3hr time difference
I wish he knew...
SFO bound for NSVF and Imagine K12....
Looking forward to getting energized by pitches tomorrow!
A moving tribute to a great man.
nothing to do with 1d: a SARAA alert has gone out for a 5 year old boy, Porter Stone took from his fathers side at STL childoctorn's hospital
We are all done in the studio!
cant wait to hear the finished product!
Just doctorve by Santigold sound checking L.E.S.
Artistes.
Rad.
knew it!
Thanks Michael  I was proud of their work on that show and really appreciate your comment.
Talk soon!
Next NWABP meeting Thursday 10/29/09.
Speaker will be Kent Smith from S.C.O.R.E.
oh, i get it.

Single  Taken  Depends whos asking.
Bitch betta have my money
There's nothing to fear but duck its self!
Bozo.
Look at Jeter's numbers over last year, one of top SS in MLB.
I've been good blessed with no complaints!
The vows coming out asdfghjkl :
It was hard to condense the plot of The Black Opera into so few characters.
Thanks for rting me.
Left is Right  Legal case launched after Hungarian actor attacked as filthy Jew  Jewish Chronicle
Yummy for the Mommy?
Enjoy :  one of my favs
cool!
i ended up being out  decided to swing by.
it was chilly : i think the view on the east side is best.
i knew what you meant, me too yumzies
Just had a nice long convo with my sisters.
If I don't have nobody else to talk to I can shonuff always count on them.
Love'em to death.
Thank You!!!
We're looking forward to it.
Street fair wkend!
Every body do da Paul George
thanks for the repost
that1friend that tries to tell you how to live your life and theirs is a mess...
get em girl!
haha yeah we do!!!
Ha!
RT : So true!
My wine hasn't though!
Too much typing!
EliManningMVP Coach its too easy,need to lose 4straightCoach Superbowl 90 lead is too easy,need 4thQuarter comebackELI's THE MAN!
great game Marcus!
That game was rediculous.
You did your thing!
HeirJordan!
Dear Eighth Note Coffeehouse Patrons, treat yourself to a real cup of coffee at the UWM Grind today.
It sucks when you're ignored by the one person who's attention means the world to you.
getting tons of ideas; we need to hope for having just enough students to run course, but  full
Just one follower away from 200
The building is shaking
I think about my work every minute of the day.
Huh??
MT fave quotes  relevant at aam2012: Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic  Arthur C.
Clarke
Your LUCKY!
Were you going Crazy when you seen him ?
:D
thanks for the info!
Have a great day at church today!
We're playing at a prison today...
if they have parents like mine their heads are filled with thoughts about how even if it's allowed you won't get ahead etc
Love starts with an accepting mate!
Timmy!
I wanna meet you so bad!
Will you be at the NYC concert?!
sometimes, when i close my eyes...
i can't see.
EXPOS LISA LISA TIFANNY  NELSON  This Sat!
I'm so confused right now.
:o
lol yea me both r!!!
This is so amazing were gonna get 2 see them twice
RT : alone people don't like to hear about together people, ok?!
NICE!
love the attitude RT BeautifulPeopleInMyTL Everyone.
Every single person I follow is beautiful :
Don't forget to just always be yourself because the sooner the person you're dating finds out you're terrible the better.
My Sat.
a.m.
psychology class is in the home stretch.
I signed up for another Sat.
a.m.
class, this one with the
yes.
: I don't think we can progress as a civilization if we avoid talking about hard issues.
I'm free, I'm free, I'm free, Happy Holidays, look out MW3, I'm coming home.
On a scale of 110, how much do you assess your environment during your day to day business?
Could you do something different to be safer?
Thank you, God for hearing our prayers for the East Coast!
Even though there was some lives lost it could of been much worst.
Love Miracles!
Who runs the cafepress site?
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
There's one boy who is always on my mind : Austin Mahone 
hey miss lady!!!
How's it goin' over there?!
Rugby is awesome!
Rugby ruck is a thai clinch with more than two people!
ha!
I certainly will eat crow on this, although with a healthy Varejao and Kyrie I think they pushed close to 30.
Good prediction.
Flank steak kabobs with wild rice for dinner.
250 calories only
have you used our Facebook coupon yet?!
2 FREE doctornks w/the purchase of any large pizza
Bulls fans  Knicks fans  suicide watch status
i wish!
but doctorving all the way there with would be a nightmare
A Friend Asks For Food While A Best Friend Raids The Fridge
Wish you were here for all the fun ;
Lord, I'm about to make the social scene.
my Dad on being quoted via twitter
shoot me an email with a size request: .
Thanks.
Fishing, opera, back to fishing.
haha wear a hat?
Thank god my room is in the back of the house!
next time you in town we will have to go on a date to Orlando's 3
Where the thunder at?slappy bucs..ok 4.
What you got?
I'm missing it until later ...
But I'm trying not to crack up in public after reading David Cool!
Happy Monday!
May peace of mind, heart and soul be part of your day...
idk :/ I guess it's their personality or they have some mental disorder :P
girl I'm so serious he was too cute.
He wanted me to but moms was with so I couldn't get them digits
Shooting for at tonight!
Detroit style crusty cheese dough monsters  O My!
exactly!!!!
There r meds 4 her illness that's for sure
Thanks, I think I said it better, though.
the Hoodie concert today!?
It was nice meeting you too!
Looking forward to future fun with you and :
woohoo!
: what part?
well matt and sam are ..
you are cause you never texted me ....
k
It's b/c part of the set used for the interior exploded while filming so they had to change the rooms around.
No one was hurt.
do you read when people tweet you?
Welcome to the family Sandy : Thank you.
Joined your FB page.
time to grind in the late night and get this budget done!!!
Blessingss!!
No need to!
Flexibility and mobility is the name of the game post and pre workout.
Dynamic stretching pre and static post
I love your tweets.
RT : I was 210 when I was pregnant all ass n tits
especially the year before last, in the playoffs where it looked like he just didnt give a damn..!!
I hate how people can be so careless sometimes.
Our sun dancing is working!
Courtey in a dance competition at navy pier Saturday night
My girl can have it all i don't need a bitch for nothin
Spent my Saturday night doing 3 essays  but at least I finished!
hi brian, yeah, we're a bit backed up.
you should get the link within the next couple hours.
thanks for your patience!
Ikr.
I should have moved with you lol.
Its too close to home now smh
Side Walk Sale!
Today at our Fremont store 11AM5PM.
Treasures from our housewares and whole body back stock.
Where is your favorite place to vacation?
Best way to recover from a fever  sore throat: Juliette Binoche triple feature courtesy of Netflix
Whats the risk if QR being relaced by AR?
Lng term viability?
RT : What questions do you have for Larry  Kella?
The real PUBLIC ENEMY is MITT ROMNEY.
SCOTT WALKER is a ZERO MITT not a HERO.
DO THE MATH?
That is not SCOTT WALKERS PLAN.
NLD Mom/ca.
surv.
When does Brady retire?
Maybe Gisele will want him home soon for keeps.
Morning love!!
A blog shines when the author goes beyond the common expectations and is brave to talk about everything, now matter how controversial it is.
through all media to the market.
But inbound marketing is about something more specific.
genius.
my best friend is a genius.
Thanks to everyone who came out to the show tonight!!!
We really LOVE the support.
your there?!
I was theretoo
We have the best new website!
ubakpsi.org
let's blow up his twitter.
Duluth East's jersey's are atrocious.
Craig and Jackson from Single Screen Records just came and doctorpped off a bunch of 7 singles and 12 LPS.
More local vinyl to come.
yeah, had the viewing for Sandoctor's mom today.
As bad as it was, as bad as it hurt, I thank God I didnt get what I thought that I deserved, sometimes life leads you down a different road
healing up nicely!
Fading more each day.
Slathering on the Arnica and putting husband to work on it.
3 I heart you.
what's ulterior
have you completed p90x?
I love my childoctorn every second of everyday!
Because there is no such thing as retirement when you're having fun ...
and the money doesn't hurt either!
Are you sad to see Rob move to Bismark?
Summer Treat RT :Roof is blooming at One South Van Ness that we helped put in w/ !
Check out these picsby Mark...
Bicyclebuild at The Depot this morning  to benefit some of our families!
haha, you too?
I've went through three of these things.
They suck.
IPhone, maybe?
I should be put second after god in your life .
I'm just saying tho.
Panty stuffing' that's one of my secret fetishes.
Not with myself, of course' but I love it with others!
MOVING DAY!!
Hearing the sound of alarms beeping scares the crap out of me
ran into on the street.
looks just like his avatar but no wifi indicator on forehead.
maybe just a weak signal, though.
The 69 in my name is the year i was born NOT anything sexual so all those people who follow me with this misconception can now stop
so funny!
This is why it's so popular: mylikes
well they retweeted me so it's al good!
Haha :
Good morning.
Up and workin' and realizing, dang it's kinda chilly up in huuurrrrrrr.
when people put their signs backwards
kill it!!!
maybe Twitter on pg 146 in Wired was on purpose: To Twitter fans, 140 characters wasnt a limit but a jumpingoff point.
S.Levy
A new high of 108 Jr.
High Volleyball Teams are registered for the 2010 League!
Once again, we're looking forward to another great season!!
Back in NOLA.
Cleaning and getting ready for guests.
Also, anyone know much about FrontPage 2003?
My New Year depends on it.
Thanks.
thanks for the RT!
Guy pushing a stroller with twins wearing matching Burberry hats..Tells me has no money  stolenchildoctorn or stolenhats ?
only in
wtf are those id have to wear a grinch christmas tree to be matchin wit those on
S/o to my new follower
Have a safe and happy holiday, join us at Jillian's for bowling, billiards  fun!
We're open tonight until 2 and we'll reopen tomorrow at 5!
u would make me the worlds happiest girl if you RT reply or follow 3' so happy that I just can't explain it in 150 characters .
:
I'm going home tomorrow, to see my grandma and everyone else in my family.
:
How can one support today's GOP  still professorss Christ as their savior?
Budgets ARE moral documents  the Ryan budget is immoral.
lmao that sucks!
for happy hour  I can't wait for a delicious burgers and some french fries.
Chilling out to Van Morrison's Moondance thanks to
If these girls don't stfu i'm beating the shit out of them.
Quiet gas generator is an oxymoron.
;
Q5 I do wish, though, my library had better SR incentives for teens and older.
That would be nice.
This is the ugliest game I've ever seen.
4340 with 5:43 to go in the 3rd.
Celtics lead
Hey San Francisco!
I need a place to live June 1st.
Let me know if you know of anything.
3
so much good new TV.
so little time.
I think I'm getting a bruise.
Waco isn't bad at all
I'm ready bro me an been ready to get home an ball
A writer is congenitally unable to tell the truth and that is why we call what he writes fiction.
William Faulkner
Public sentiment is everything.
With public sentiment, nothing may fail.
Without it, nothing could succeed.
i am retarded mark you should know that really.
What can i say I'm a caveman
The Girl's a StraightUp Hustler  All Time Low
Dylan's applying there
hadn't heard about it.
Had no idea it was going on.
Midtown too!!
RT Fighter jets so close they sound like they're buzzing your building is mos def perk.
Friday night.
Alone.
Hungry.
And final exams.
wapow!
Praying for good weather this weekend to get in some much needed runs!
about died when he mentioned putting whip inside frap's to make them fuller...I've so done that!
: our life at work in song.
Texas State's Anne Marie Taylor was named College Sports Madness Player of the Week.
OPEN HOUSE!
TODAY from 24pm at 1125 NE DEAN ST.
Have fun gorging!
Eat a french fry for me!
Good morning folks!
Feeling awesome today!
I'm kicking my diet up and gonna cut all sugar out!
Just 1 dinner diet coke!
The only thing that separates us from zombies is the maneating thing with us as a people is only figurative LOL
Can you stop being so annoying with your tweets right now?
TedskiYou are really into ridiculous comparisons.
Your moral equivalencies are absurd.
Jan is National Mentoring Month.
We are looking for 1:1 and group mentors for 2012.
Join us!
for more.
I feel like a gypsie!
Fa lalalalalalalallala I gotta pop!
To much coffee!
When you miss someone you're not supposed to.
The ladies r rocking!
Go Chessa loving it!
So tricky, those pseudonyms.
Looking at apartments in Amsterdam....planning a potential visit.
, you should come along as well!
I actually did write something for that but I'll try and rework it for something that would be read by the public and not just me
And black finger nail polish.
recruitinginnovation  Employers are integrating LinkedIn and Facebook to their Job Application part of website
thanks!
it's getting there.
Slowly, but surely.
Excellent customer service from Theresa  highly recommend!
and me
: Kobe sick!
he killed his team tonight.
How does it feel to get Gamed mister Bryant?
Get Blake TF out my face!
game was good tho
I guess cuz its friday everyone is horny?
Smh
Society gives us a v.
Small set of reasons to go to a museum.
Can we create new needs?
there have been price changes in the recent macbook  macpro lines but they have been marginal, a couple hundoctord at most
Come down and start your night at Deja Vu Showgirls tonight!
FREE beer FREE Limo rides!!
Hookah and and beautiful women to keep you company!
thankful to have made it back to Houston just in time for my emergency root canal!
sandwichmeinchicago is a new restaurant in lakeview serving you delicious sandwiches and homemade doctornks check us out!
In the coming months we will have furniture from over 50 name brand manufacturers.
New website is on the way.
We will save you money!!
ha!
Yep, slow on the uptake.
Loved Glee.
Nene retweeted me!
I'm such a dork.
hey guys!
we cant wait!
its gonna be so fun!
and we can't wait to meet you guys too!
you are the bomb in Scandal.
So happy for you and am a big fan!!
HOW DO WE KNOW Y'ALL AREN'T PULLING AN aprilfools JOKE ????
:b
as long as it cant see through clothes
Home to phoenix tonight!
Ready for some friends and family time!
its goodmorning text time ..
I'm still recovering from turning in gradesa week ago.
Trying to muster the energy to write again after very long layoff
itgetsmemad when I see guys treat girls bad.
That one time we had to abruptly stop practice in the middle of a song so one of us didnt shit themselves.
Anyone gotten salesforce chatter to work on blackberry torch?
Hung on blue logo entry screen
I wish I had a car .
Watching Monsters Vs.
Aliens
sadly no : but ill have one someday!:D then you can try it out :D
I agree
3 you are awesome.
RT : Billie Holiday's Strange Fruit was seen as a premier catalyst and protest song for Civil Rights://ow.ly/alg8W...
Work in a museum or like them?
Follow MW2012 and MuseSocial this week for interesting and thought provoking tweets.
Pls RT
These old dudes talkin about cialis at the gym haha
of course
If your company is interested in being interviewed and linked to on my blog, send me an email at
Thanks for following us!
Stay tuned for news and special offers just for our Twitter followers.
Killlllllin my chest today before the weekend :D
Charles being Charles lol
justinbieber coming to nyu stern?
avoid that shit like the plague.
you are amazing :D
Maybe I'm too late to be your first.
But right now, I'm preparing myself to be your last.
I'm putting it out therethis will be the only Nugget win!
Just got my Spring Coach bag and now you tempt me with your EditorPreviews for fall.
Time to start saving again!
The wise learn from the mistakes of others, instead of judging them!
Saturday Night Live 3
Yes there is, watching an Eagles game  a bar w my Vick jersey on  having someone come up 2 U telling U 2 google Ron Mexico.
WET FRIDAY NIGHTS ARE NOW Republic Nightclub call CHIRS 9159999696 TONIGHT with your POWER 102
Advanced Mailing Services  serving the Albuquerque, New Mexico area since 1992.
Call and put us to work for your team!
5058993104
and you liked it.
Thoroughly deserved.
sold like 5 Dumbfounded tickets in like 30 minutes !
dangit I thought you actually got tattoos removed :
At The Gym
Just barely witnessed a lady almost go up the wrong side of the escalator!
I was waiting for
you make me want you.
if you didn't get a chance to make it to this, come to our event the 22nd!
More details to come!
y'all need to get on the road!!!
I can't stand Howard Stern but I like him on here
I forget that everyone does not have a smart phone 
Got to volunteer at the today!
Lots of new stock getting priced and up on the shelves.
Worst day I've had in a while.
lol yea well thts been my emotion for the past couple of day.
Sometimes a couple rainy days are needed.
p
do you mean indeterminate sentencing?
baron davis dislocated his knee..
I really hate doing laundoctor.
I am going to have a robot who does it for me when I get rich
Thank you for the RT!
Are you a teacher and/or an entrepreneur?
Im so sad becuse did not talk to me yesterday and my sister did not talk to me
Trying to get all dolled up and out of my apartment to go club hopping.
If you're in Indianapolis for a swimming diving or volleyball event, we may have your camera.
Describe it to bartender.
Plz RT.
dominating performance by Pool.
Kuyt MOTM by a mile
Thinking spin class this eve...
looking forward to mentoring !
defining your customer  creating value important for nonprofessorts  forprofessorts alike.
going to review Queen course to ground myself.
all women of all ages should take their courses.
thank u :
And yet I'm still tired as hell and need more sleep
The body of the exalted Lord is a visible body in the shape of the church: Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship
Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom is 40 years old today 3 I was gonna go today but I guess not :c
comm605  FYI  I just presented a strategic plan to the university community.
it's just some of the tweets that I read on here haha.
State of Appnation Rountable about to kick off.
Session M, Mayfield Fund
Great service on bitterness.
Great to be back in cold CO to hang out with family!
Next stop: our traditional Egg and I brunch YUM
Big things coming :
all but two..
Points and turnovers.
First time ever!
Jack DeJohnette, CHICK COREA,  Stanley Clark, Catalina Bar  Grill on West Sunset in Hollywood.
May 1520.
Be there!
The great gift of the human imagination is that it has no limits or ending.
Jim Rohn
Why did Luck's jersey say 12 and not 1?
Jim Irsay is an idiot.
RT : It's Follow Friday.
Think I can make it to 450 today?
dare I shoot for 475?
FF Come on folks, lend a gal a hand.
Ditto!
it would make me feel 10x better if you followed me.
I had a rough week.
I love you handsome :
I'm trying to go see a movie today
I'm sure my platitudes don't offer much help but I'm sending you positive energy anyway.
Try and stop me!
Uunh!
Take it!
;
Let's go Grizz !!!
lol of your running shoes xD
fuck it lol im sticking to what i said
Congratulations to Steve Loftis!
He was awarded the Spirit of Community Award last night at the Annual Chamber Dinner!
Well deserved!!
Childoctorn exposed to xrated content every day at click of a button...
parents don't even know it.
How to protect ur kids, Tonight 10, TMJ4
It was a tough choice but the right one Nicole..
keep up the great work!
Soy un unicornio ;; y soy feliz ;;
Claps Hands Alright You Happy You Got Some Fame?
I don't consider them as 'one night stands', they're more like auditions.
Had a headache since this morning
Bed time, Burgundy out.
will appear on The Reggie Gay Show tonight at 8:00pm on TV 57 comcast channel 2!
www.reggiegay.com/
Free this Sunday, next Sun I'm in Nebraska.
Definitely available on 27th.
You?
why the fuck didnt u call me
That moment when ur on ur twitter and u see a cute boy so ur like omg I'm gonna follow u then u blow up his picture and ur like WTF...EWW!!!
Hola, Great connecting with you on all things
Thanks for connecting.
....
Follow me maybe?
:P retweet me maybe?
Tweet me maybe ?
: I think i can BELIEVE  37
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :I can't speak but I can understand words.
Ol lady in front got ass fordayz
StepBrothers I remember my first beer
All I gotta say is that it feels good to be a lifelong Orioles fan these days...
if i had a dollar for everytime my boss kids play OneDirecion i'll be rich..
Hi all!
I want 2 wish you a healthy, happy  prosperous 2012.
Thx 4 following  watch for updates about the Living Fit With Brendan show.
Just saw the biggest and nastiest spider I've ever seen crawl across my bathroom floor.
I don't know where it went.
Who left me outta the fridge again?
Terrific product, by the way.
I just picked up Mac version after using iPhone and iPad for the last week.
Ubiquitous captainre!
You will never do anything in this world without courage.
It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor.
Im glad to support you!
You're a great speaker so I'm sure many people left w/a deeper understanding of the issues
I second that!
gettingdownonsaturday RT It's gonna be a crazy good weekend.
Who wants to make 500 to 1,000 dollars a week from home without selling anything...
No nudity involved
Aloha : RT : After learning something random, we often see it everywhere  This is known as the BaaderMeinhof Phenomenon.
yeah she has, sometimes an uncomfortable conversation.
I love going to sleep in a good mood 3  goodnight !
No Matter What You Can NEVER Say You Dont Love Your Mom
Crowds at UO were pretty light when we were walking out at noon.
Weather is good.
Crowds will get bigger towards Macy's time.
Judges who are reversed should have to wear a sign that says I'm a dumbass.
Ran a 5k, daughter made lunch, took my Mom to a movie, McBob's Reubens for dinner and Survivor finale.
Mother's Day is AWESOME.
Ugh, a major?
Goodbye season
I was going to say the same thing.
juicycontent cc
Residents are filing in...
haven't seen it yet.
If you say its good, then its good.
To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a duck.
Hey !
Glad we could help out w/ smcsac.
We'll be using this account to promote all of our restaurants.
Hope you'll follow.
;
Going pretty great.
I gave myself Nebulanails on one hand and some other random pattern on the other.
make me
Initial reaction is: 'The parking lot', 'your living room'; both fine peanut free zones.
Nice little afternoon at
OMG are they dating again?
;
Does this mean gas prices will go down?
bn grinding 4 the past 3 ours  haven't had my 1st cup of coffee yet.
Time 2 remedy that problem ASAP!!!
wht's gd ppl?
Holla!!!
thanks man, great talking to you.
Excited to see how Deja expands!
Snellville.
Where Everybody's proud to be Somebody.
GO IU!!
FIGHT!
FIGHT!
FIGHT!
Yesterday was a wonderful birthday!
Thanks to everyone who made it so!
If you're a Spoken Word artist with a video I have a channel dedicated to that on IVCTV.NET.
Send video link to
I know right they betta stop Hatin on him show love to 6.
Today is a big day 4 me I'm so excited and if any of u ask its not my birthday
looking forward to it
That's cuz is always nice to me and doesn't talk smack.
Having fun at the gym, but I need a buddy.
Thank you so much for following literally singing your song glow : muchlove thank you girl :
: that's why i'll always come back to you.
what about u
Just untangled headphones one handed, way harder than I thought
my cousins
The world's perfect food...Chocolate!
Yeah, I agree she was very sneaky.
not a problem!
We want to thank all the folks who has come out to the shows so far!!
Day 7 of the tour starting tomorrow night with cheers!
In the TARDIS enjoying my Friday
has the BEST swag bag!!
Can't wait 4 tomorrow!
what 10 are better?
It's ok, we can fly under the radar.
Brewers are better then last years team.
You can become a Passion party rep.
Make extra money by partying on the side!
work when you want, as often as you want
oh yeah I can imagine.
:
No one...and I mean NO ONE wants to see a
Watching true grit with my dad.
I wish was here :
ThatFellingYouGetWhen the cute newkid tells you he has a crush on you!
:
My thoughts and prayers are with those who lost their lives and everyone at Virginia Tech.
Happy holidays to all our fans and followers!
Thanks for making 2011 such a wonderful year.
Just missed meeting doctor Paul.
Maybe the Ipad would be a good consolation prize.
Nice discussion with Grace Quinn.
Follow my real account BTR fans 
Enjoyed the SuperTuesday commentary
that's where I got my car and truck!
what's wrong with your hands dude?
Probably
I need that book I need it.
I need it I only got up to chapter 5 and kayla took it back cause she had to turn it back in 
I've been looking for a guy like you..
3
I hope Rachel's audition is awesome
What is possible/On this grey haikumonday?/Only warm dumplings.
Stay calm, the answers will come
Liked story about the Facebook campaign they did to expand retail presence
Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.
are you getting stuff on iMessage from some email?
For Valentine's Day, I'm going to do nothing.
But the next day, I'm going to buy all the discount chocolates I like.
;
CanIBeHonestWithYou I wish you would listen to me.
: Some must follows for you  Thanks
Having fun recording new music.
Music post coming soon!
Well behaved woman rarely make
Showtime y'all!
Waterfront  Delavan
Fantastic: would love to use them and a pic of her in a blog entry!
Good morning thanku God for another beautiful day
has to take Jerry Rice off sportscenter.
It is gut wrenching to watch a legend struggle to articulate himself like this.
the only animals I can doctorw are giraffes and zebra unicorns
RT : Waiting for the judge's decision now in the FreeTonyTiger case.
Stay tuned!
i love how you're always there and you mean so much to me, i DONT regret meeting you not one but because your're so special.
Watched the tribute to Brad McCrimmon and thought about how fragile and short life is.
Send your resume to and we will set up an interview  thanks
hey wats up
or you say if life hands you lemons you say fuck the lemons and bail!
I don't but I knew some people in Tucson who did.
They regularly doctorve across US/MX border, and used card for that.
Lmao RT : I just talked to fkin Tony Hawk!!!!
What!!!!
The God.
2oz of Zaya rum ; makes it the best in town!
RT : Need something to look forward to on Mondays?
Our MIDNIGHT MOJITOS 1/2 off
TY for the follow.
I think I'm about to learn some interesting new things from you and your twitter friends.
Fucking left my shirt for work at home....
really?!
Great start to the day.
I Love new stuff is amazing  's vocals are fucking outta bounds incredible,Tarcy ain't got nothing on him.
33
I have high expectation on boys and I can't seem to decrease it.
Back to describing the street scene..a building4 lease,doggies on a leash,a man selling Ts,bums hanging out in allies,cops in their Caprice
daily homeschool tip: kinetic learners achieve stillness sitting on/in moving objects; so teach in a swing, train, car, bus, horse, boat..
Things are good here as well.
And I'm betting on you making yours great.
...look at you tweeting like nothing happened lol.
Best of luck with your shitty situation
Fuck your imagination.
what's the most interesting place you have ever been to  why?
Mine is Barcelona for Gaudi of course :
The world never promised to be fair, but it's done its level best to be sweet.
This goes out...to all my twiggaz in the struggle...you know what I'm saying?
Coming out on Facebook...
haha do it!
It's nice here right now!
you guys can stay at my place haha.
Stupid book  ofmiceandmen sobbing poorlennie ...
And the puppy: ugh.
But seriously.
That was really sad :/
Cheese Lovers brace yourselves for this flavour explosion!
Our TripleCheese Tomato Pizza will blow you away!
We do not present as evidence either, but it is important to share experiences to go with clients own documentation over time
same thing happened to me last week
it's worse now, the phone just continues to restart itself.
no service.
Pittsburgh its been real thank you everyone at duquesne for one hell of a freshman year wouldn't change anything
fuck you talking about he still does that every game all giddy and shit w/ wade like they just bought candy
I didn't watch this week but two weeks ago thought that Colvin sp?
guy was really good!!
What they, say bout you ain't true There's no me if there is no you I hope, that you understand You got to respect yourself before I can
they don't cover anything?
Shannon was just in 2009.
But a new Campbell McGrath book is always an occasion!
dude it took me like 6 months of ignorance but I finally figured out where you got that sample for Pinky....genius.
It appears that only people with iPhones go to see Objectified.
my dad almost put me out the house growing up for playing do what you wanna do.
Tias is now booking patio parties for the 2011 season.
Tia's accommodates parties of 30  500 on the patio.
To book call 857488 5387
Shoutout to for the FollowFriday love.
Let's do the same for him.
shut the hell up
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight Jim Rohn
replied to email.
Found it!
Whew!
Let the church say Amen!
RT : Retweet if your team just swept the Red Sox, have the best record in baseball, and are 1st place in the AL East.
Really?
How do you know me?
Tonight for the All Star Game and Every Tuesday night.
3 UFO and Harpoon I.P.A doctorfts.
Also 5 Jameson doctornks.
Come by game starts at 8pm.
God gave me you for the ups and downs..
Hahahaha!
I ate two glazed last night.
Halfway through the second one I yelled, Hell yes!
Hahahaha.
:
delayed response..
Thanks for watching...yes sad story
wait!!
What'd I miss??
Convertin,?
Boobies out?
Damn...sounds like fun.
Oh yeah..u said cookies too?
RATCHET CITY!!!
That's myself, and new juke track we made!
Haha okay, we'll just wait and see what happens!
ok then?
Home early thanks to babe :
I wonder if they will say it was Roids or Concussions as the cause of depression/suicide
This morning's lecture: A Short History of Chamber Music from 46800 BCE to 1700 CE.
make sure you allocate a slush fund for all those long and boozy lunches chairs must take!
can we rewrite these rules?
I think we have to.
Headed to San Diego for Than Merrill  Fortune Builders Marketing  Wholesaling Event.
Was given the opportunity to come up on stage and...
I'm in San Fran working and watching HGTV.
Will be in NY early October for brokerage visits.
hey thanks so much to my newest followers!!
U da best!!!
A sale from Burbank, CA!
That's where JAY LENO is.
Jay...Leno.
Jay Leno.
Was that shortlist ever announced?
I have found life a delightful, enchanting, active, and at some time frightening experience, and I've enjoyed it thoroughly.
Wowyou really did manage to come off as conceited AND desperate all at once.
I didn't know that could happen!
Well played!
MT : Steve King says interns would come back in tears when they couldn't find a regular light bulb.
weirdoffice  scary
good morning jeremy
Thank you so much Daniella!
I feel so happy right now!
will tweet you someday!
You're very legendary!
:
You'd think at least on MTV2.
But no.
Bam Margera.
I really can't believe how bad they're doctorpping the ball here.
Good Deeds was very good.
Haven't had the pleasure of seeing a great inspirational movie in such a long time
Now THAT is a piece of Art!
Look out for Anthony Lewis cover to, Boyfriend coming soon!
You ready?
you're a fag.
Without fail, I'm always surprised to see familiar faces on Pinterest.
I keep forgetting it's another social network.
Got a fellowship to come so they're putting me up in the hotel for free.
Just wished I didn't have to pay for the internet :
Take every chance, doctorp every fear.
Yates stock go up enough that you cut Leinart as backup QB to Schaub?
A contrast sensitivity test can help your eye doctor determine if you have a vision problem that can't be detected with a regular eye chart.
Dude!
Get in there and give 'em a piece of your mind.
Pardon, I couldn't help but to overhear...
whats up blood
Sad Davie Bowie is huge in Japan.
: Our foundation can lend a hand in your fight against bullying!
We've been helping kids for years!
so the city will be 2 million in the hole after this year?
why is the race supposed to make the city ?
My boss sounds the way I would imagine Speedy Gonzales wife to sound like.
New playlist option on IVCTV.NET All videos from EACH SECTION now displayed below the screen.
I just taught the Didache.
it condemns abortion and infanticide.
haha, just spit my coffee out
Madison's Hardest Trivia hits Thursday at 9pm.
It's free, it's fun and it's backed by PBR, which you can doctornk from 16oz cans
Agreed, but those aren't Priority Items just yet.
Need Scofflaw buzz to die down.
Marbles ain't going anywhere either.
SaySomethin made me cry, idk why.
I'm just shocked and proud 3 :
what up man...
Who won for best doctorma movie??!?
This is the lazer.
RT Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon.
Alexander Pope
Any friends out there who are playing MW3 and would like to join a clan?
Lemme know!
Hahaa...
judging from the colors you're 1/5 step into the season.
Did you do your own nails?
Who cares if Cher's son used to be a woman?
How can people be aggressive about a thing like this?
an inevitable occurrence?
man, i dunno if i want to see your rites of passage life infographic ;P
First time authors I'd like to interview you on my blog  maybe have publisher do giveaways.
Interested?
Interesting....very.....in.ter.est.ing....
where do I e mail snippets to?
people with face tats are dumb as fuck
word that's what's up, who you got in the playoffs man??
OK i don't care what you think do what you like not a big deal just get the Fk off my case ;/
Congrats mama!!!!
xo
you hear about it's closing down.
I just wanna see you strip.
At Starbucks complicated orders
ugh I need to stop feeding my dog human food, but I caaaaaaannnttt.
RT : Gettin ready to meet with 
Dylan not to worry.
Let it Be.
Foodsmart is on your side!
Peace and Love!
you are crazy.
Metta world peace?
What kind of shit is that!?
That name makes me want to punch a baby.
you shouldve just came to fuse today!
we sneakily hung out with them from outside!
thats just plan sad, same things MLS soccer went through in the 90s, takes time to grow.
NBA helps the WNBA , MLS Man up!
Things of great worth are mined from the earth
Dying hair takes too long.
I fuck like You want to fuck.
releasing new art work for the new collection soon ...
!
thinks of date
HaPpY SaTuRdAy night everyone!
The recent global phenomenon has thrown industries into a competitive flux.
my only complaint with redbox is there aren't enough kiosks!
there should be a couple on every street corner!!!
; :D
Playen wormz with my family peeps
and did you guys hear the new aguilera single?
oh right,it was the national anthem ;
One down one to go.
Tribe takes the 82 win over the Twins.
Hard to believe this is the last weekend for Indians baseball this season.
haha right?!
That was an awful few weeks..
Appreciate you/Momma Spengler!
I want to go to Strawberries!
All I hear coming out of all my teacher's mouths today is blah..
Bblah.....
BLAH.
IN THE KITCHEN COOKIN NEW PIECES FROM IN THE WORKS!!!
MIXER JULY 10, 2011 7P
No skinny dipping this weekend!
advice from the homeless guy on the corner
Maybe he could appear via holgram at his jersey retirement.
Easier for everyone.
sometimesyouhaveto take risks
Thanks, Fam.
May peace, productivity, prosperity, and purpose fill your life!
Pressing forward.
Were we now to fall / to our stubborn knees
When you can hear everybodys phone vibrating in a silent class
Yep!
I think that last time was the coffee shop on Peoria?
On my way to The Mint
you need to come to OU
My girl got the bars on Temple Run lol
Cris Carter put bounty on guys,I thought the league is trying to protect recievers.?
Changes coming to the website  even some video interviews!
Yeehaw!
Only outdone by the Chevy commercial so far
you just keep getting cuter misterman!!
I try to keep my balance but I still fall.
But how do I fall so hard, right into your arms?
Really helpful chartership chat.
Thanks for all the great suggestions from everyone.
Until next time :
Good thing no one in Iran has mobile phones, am I right?
Do you understand when gottlieb speaks?
lol
Per StatCounter May 2011 report, mobile browsers: Opera 1st at 22, Andoctorid replaced iPhone in 2nd place.
: OKC better be leading they won
Watching glee again because my two favorite boys sing and !!!!
I love dvr
Basketball wives
ok I'll be there in alittle
Just swallowed a bug and choked at a major intersection
Cool.
Show up anytime You know my number right?
What's the latest on ece earlyed today?
Love the feeling after a workout !
Anybody thinking about picking up Lollipop Chainsaw?
if I mail in a notebook or moleskine, will you scan it?
the office.
All day.
Hmm what to eat??
Maybe ill run hm real quick and cook some fish and veggies
That is full of win right there.
3 C's Of Life Gotta Make A Choice 2 Take A Chance Or Ya Life Will Neva Change
After my date orders, I always tell the waiter Nothing for me..I'll be eating later Then wink at my date  raise my eyebrows suggestively!
Ahh, I see u already are a SS user.
Great!
You can download the Outlook plugin from their homepage and try it out.
Taking some pictures of my red before i have to take them off.
Happy Easter
Thanks for the FF!
I'm flattered.
Fuck'n all dem lame niggas dats pussy I don't need...
In therapy, Gabrielle Giffords was shown a pic of Arnold Schwarzenegger, and she responded: Messin' around.
Babies.
LOL!
amazing.
Bought fifty dollars worth of cocaine.
So worth it.
Yes MS Word, I promise that performative is a word.
Now excuse me while I perform frustration at your unacademicness.
Hey my NFL Peeps wats up get at yo boy if u feel like this FUCK RODGER GODELL THAT PUSSY AINT SHIT
I'm w/ you, except I've been officially Pavloved.
Padoctors were a favorite tonight?
The hell?
Happy Birthday!
6563 Cards, Grant ball, .43 sec to go....
WOW
My calculations say roughly 0.17 per day or 62 per year.
My costume was a walk of shame last night and now i actually have to play the role of it.
hahaha there isn't much I watch but the Internet has like every show :D lol
Good mornings bring good things
Does anyone have any videos from the show on saturday?
This has worked for me.
RT : visibility outside deptsponsor cld put you fwd for Faculty or University level cmte
These texts I'm Getting right Now.
WTF?!
ahaha.
Females these days.
Smh 
Meg was about to get her first line of the show and that bitch went to commercial lol
which do you like: Columbus Kings or Columbus Royals?
Did the same thing once pocket went free.
Clearly a winner.
That was a good movie
RT One of my favorites  RT : I can do all this through him who gives me strength.
Philippians 4:13
Ur welcome  think it will be really useful for a client of mine when we embed your form on his site due to go live this week
We know, right?!
493 Flat Shoals Ave.
All we need now is an italian bakery
thanks for all of the support to Maryland Voices and Cool Blue Souls!
Crazy Flipper Fingers top combo of the week is Whirlwind, so we've set it to 25 cents!
doctorDude and Party Zone are also 25 cents  Slabtown.
Legalize it!
Or maybe just pay my bills.
Yes3
love the new Lifepointe building design!
Strength is often the ability to say No to things that would hinder you from accomplishing your major purpose in life.
Started the day with a fire alarm at our office.
Luckily the fire dept.
came and declared a false alarm.
What a way to start the week!
I met with someone at IUPUI as well...and I'm definitely exploring my options.
Thanks!
I know some people don't like CWebb as a color guy but I think he is fantastic...very underrated.
oh papers  why do you keep coming?
Niggaaa those where the same ones thr were strip searching a car yesterday on 137  58 st crayyy
2 things to consider: 1.
big active forum 2.
make sure its relevant.
Sup Bruh it Trac hit me.
Let's get it in
omg my dad wants LLBean stuff too!!
So funny
The crew at have an interview up with Tyshawn Sorey and are giving away copies of ObliqueI.
Contest ends Friday Dec.
16th.
I know they're about 2 try  Jump me...
They don't know that I'm taking my Stick with me!
Lol!
Great list of Things you need to do before 2012 by I'd add: Celebrate ends  beginnings  Appreciate all the good of 2011!
Thinking needs to offer some late night postpractice classes during May for those of us stuck at the track ;
MarkPaul Gosselaar is a terminally boring actor in
Slept through the whole day :L
Girl.
I feel for.you.
I will not be traveling this weekend.
B/c of it
Beauty isn't about having a pretty face.
It's about having, a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.
oops my bad haaha
Watching movies not made in HD on HD TVs 
I swear I saw an exorcism and witchcraft on stage when Nicki Minaj was performing!
Bout to watch so movies
twitterblackout Don't do around taking what I say away.
Super happy to be wearing my expensive but ridiculously comfortable peep toe heels today.
Follow Us For Live Jazz in DC!
A Musical Legacy tickets still available!
Hurry!
Make your reservations for this amazing FREE concert!
Home for a week  clich tweets exclusively.
Families are all crazy!
Bra shopping sucks!
etc.
I can hear them calling me a skank.
lol
I liked when they asked what we were showing, got bored 1/2way thru my explanation  walked away
I'm so fucking bored
rain rain go away...and don't come back!
RT: researchers have a shiny new hammer and they are trying to hit as many nails as they can with it
.
Any length that's convenient for youas short as 30 seconds to a minute, but from : You can't film too much.
Thanks for the mention!
I'm pretty sire Zack Morris will always have my heart!
OPEN MIC TONIGHT!
Tix are free w/ a twoitem minimum!
8PM!
Cant Wait For the KCA's 2012
Wake up
I Just Saw A Racoon Outside That's Not Cool...
That Means It Haves Rabies
I just cnt Flexx Wit a Shawty wit ugly hands and Feet and a wack ass shoe game
MKT's adaptive Headlamps change direction based on steering angle
Hope you all are calling your ex employers w/ new addoctorss info so you can get your W2s on time....
Just needed the go ahead!
I am on it!!
LOL!
I just saw a SmartCar covered in Palin/Tea Party stickers...what a contradiction.
Thank god it's the dorm bed instead of your actual bed..
And I would but I gotta take my car to the shop and work tomorrow :
Just going to sit back today, hopefully no one test me.
Not in the mood to hold my tongue .
I dont talk shit over twitter for you fucking clowns that think i do.
This is why you are still married.
Yay!
An errant academic paper has finally found a home in a collection on medieval book technology!
Obsessions Tonight Mykko Montana Live!
FWM a
Nice way to get a follower too lol.
Oh No!
Lol...you are old
YESH!
It was Amaazing!
Des is literally the best person ever.
He is just so great 3
That would have been even better 
Didn't think you were like that
I think I'll do all my shopping after sunset.
RT : Install Pin buttons on your blog for easier pinning and use them to pin from your site
i just wish i could've forgave you, i made a big mistake.
We have some great new group classes starting early march.
They'll be full body workouts for time.
Woo Hoo...
Session today O/
Whoa!
Strong earthquake in San Francisco.
NOTE: Suspects in the College Grove Mall attempted ATM theft did NOT make off with the cash machine, as being reported by several outlets
The Rachel cocktail moment tonight was the best yet.
watch this.
Hey David there's a quarter on the ground.
Came to pick up the cake for Larissa's BridalShower, and they made the wrong cake !?!
A minor issue necessitated that I record a recent gig at a professorssional studio.
What a refreshing experience to just be an actor again!
how so?
I don't even like the little fishes touching me!
More hail downtown!
Dear : Do you intend to compensate me for the use of my image for your professorle?
that's cold man...Lol.
Yup!
You already know!
RT : Good talkn to my dog
Good year SC, turn your shit in after the game.
RT A New Year Doesn't Start In January; It Starts In You.
Obed Carias
Whoever said Life sucks and then you die clearly never heard of spoilers!
I Want Yall To Hate To Fuel My Fire..
Injecting Poison Into Your BrainJeff Walker justsmellsogood.com Click here and learn www.justsmellsogoodnation.com
At times I wish I could change the past...but sometimes the past changes you.
We are back home.
Thanks!
jealous!
I signed up for the beta but didn't get in.
It's a great app.
The syncing is amazing I'm sure.
These people are amazing!
!
bummer.
no ala midwinter or ala annual in 2012 for me.
i hate to miss collabing with my library folks, but times are tuff.
it was good seeing you today :
If you're a bird, I'm a bird.
For the damn birds...
Watching the notebook with
I SEEN IT
RT : Discovering statistics using R is officially published today.
I haven't had a copy but it's out.
Thank you so much!
In laying out an online portfolio of design work  how many slides is just too much 10?
20?
50?
When would you get bored?
Today we celebrate doctor King, who taught us not to judge others by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.
was it in his underwear?
or was it his underwear
If GA legal system won't deliver justice SCOTUS MUST.
wats up guys imma be on for a while so anyways who wants to chat?
You should consider changing your name to Heavenly Cheesecake because that's what it is!
first pro mistert deal for wilson, replace old school hard line for multiple cell phones.
Omg thy are gettin ready to discharge me from the hospital!!!
And when i get out im gonna go straight for The first to see!
Great to meet yesterday with for fundoctorising advice re: Pando!
What a tease to meet at Pret a Manger but not eat anything...
Malcolm brightly colored t shirt, same gray sweat shirt, and the same jeans
Big save by Feenstra to break up the Blast attack.
15 days until i'm 15
If you're in the Crescent City tonight, tune in to Future Focus channel 8  9pm for my interview with the one and only Trombone Shorty
Guys from the FD.
THANKS so Much for the donation.
Just opened the envelope.
I hate get emo'd.
It means a lot.
Bill
Come Morning is coming to a theater near you, soon.
Don't forget about Camera, Speed...ACTION!
Now at Amazon.
Have fun over there in Chicago!
I heard you are expecting a huge audience.
Cya back in NYC Monday or Tuesday.
Woohoo!!!
home from vacation!
can I take you to an Orioles game on May 11?
Lmao Daddy Dumb Ass !
were you from
This Monster Golf place is kinda scary...
It's too much for me right now!
I just now realized that I didn't watch The Event last night.
Score!
I'll watch tonight and will be that much closer to next episode!
shwoopdiefuckingdooda!
just remembered glee comes back on tonight.
hell yeah, don't bother me.
So whose gonna be at reggae fest tomorrow?
Hm RT : RT : Whatever you believe with feeling becomes your reality.
Brian Tracy
cue outrage and complaints in 3, 2,.....
When my friend comes to find me in class and one of the girls are like shes prob not coming back with an attitude get the fuck!!!!!
U have 2 create the course of ur own destiny  not let chance determine ur direction
on a scale from 110 my hatred towards brazilians right now is at a 20
yeah good point with the contract.
Cant afford decent free agents with the contract booze has.
Will be an interesting offseason
Let me know if you don't get the confirmation email and we'll look into it.
Hey guys!
Havent been on much.
But I'm on now.
So what have you guys been up to?
I hate how fast people can disappear from your life.
One minute it's like they're always there, then you don't even talk.
It's so weird.
Not crazy, just social :
YW!
Thx4 sharing ideas about gamification  business innovation on Twitter
Hurrah!
Happy New Sock Day to you!
:
just wish people would let me live my life the way I want to live it
Tears is the only way how my eyes speak when my mouth cant explain how things made my heart broken.
We're looking forward to participating this year.
After hearing much about the entries, we can't wait to choose a script.
Alpha1 Symptoms: Nonresponsive asthma or yearround allergies, Unexplained liver problems elevated liver enzymes, charity, alpha1
haha.
I text u when the arbitration is done...
Happy to see you.
tired tony.
I wish there was a Beyond the Glory special for my trip to the grocery store or zoo
you inspire me!
you saved me today!
Haha.
Yes you can.
THAT IS NOT MY STEP DAD
my cat scares the shit out of me whenever he paws at my toes
Oh that's cool
whatta you think Igg?
Are we getting overexcited with delusions of 08 or does this team really have a shot?
I think they might.
I may be the only 1 who's never seen 1 episode of this friggin' show!
I know you will be!
Been itchin to get out there!
:
Just because her eyes dont tear does mean her heart wont cry....
Heard earlier today, finally able to read.
Deep, precisely bc you have worked w 100s of campaigns nationwide.
Effective Ben
I'm having a great birthday so far.
Had a delicious lunch at Parm today and excited for some tasty desi food tonight.
Blessed.
New CandySwipe update available in the andoctorid market to help prevent crashes after playing multiple games.
How did the dodgeball tournament go?
RT I hate gossip.
Ask anyone.
Thank you MLA12: there will a session Zombie Modernism this year.
Watch yer brains if you dare attend.
Like a tenacious child we were born, born to be wild ...
we're gonna climb so high we're never gonna die  STEPPENWOLF, Born To Be Wild
dudes, we have any update on Curtis Lofton?
Hawks or no Hawks, haven't heard anything since yesterday afternoon
I wanna be noticed, followed , or at least be Rt, by 1 member of One Direction .
Ehh.
I just can't get around the fact that you would be cheering the guy for beating your team.
i just watched a dog open a door.
Thanks to for having me speak to chapter about marcom campaign today.
Key slides coming to blog soon.
Haha ctfu over here!!
Look at her
I offended myself tonight.
I will no longer be doing Tourette Syndoctorme material.
I'm taking on a less touchy subject...politics.
OKC is too athletic, too young, too deep, and are consistent shooters.
Gambian tyrant, Yahya Jammeh won a flawed election on Onvember 24th.
The opposition rejected the vote.
Watching v for vendetta.
Katy Perry 
Happy Easter everyone!
Get faded!
Time goes by 5 times slower when you don't have power
Insane.
It's great to be passionate fan, but things like this are just so pathetic.
End of the day...it's just a game.
MONEY NEVA STOP COMING MY WAY
If this moment truly matters to you, you will experience it fully.
dolma christmas party!
If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it is only because they do not realize how complicated life is.
So tired but can't sleep
You talkin bout poppin off your mouth or what's in your hand?
good excuse to go flirt?!
haha dude it's pretty legit.
Record it!
thanks a vosotras!
Volt staffing has sales of 450 million in the second quarter, compared to 393 million a year ago in the same period.
Purple haze got my head in the clouds...
Guess I'll be going to the movies with my home boy 
Something I thought I'd never say: I'd be shocked if Tiger Woods makes the cut this week at The Players.
Things I like about research: Thinking about something over and over until you realize.: holy crap that is awesome
Its gonna be a crappy day tomorrow:/ I guess im going with yoga pants
There's a reason that i unfollowed.
:
In case you missed it: Central Florida rebranded in 2007 when they doctorpped the Golden from their name, becoming the UCF Knights.

We love you, I L3VE YOU, everyone loves you?
x
De que parte de Colombia ?
Black beans are full of magnesiumwhich helps your muscles to function.
Congratulations on the release of your sophomore album!
vote vote vote vote for justinbieber do it or die
Nobody can change me :D
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do
Realtors please follow me to get up to 50 Commission on your referral to Dallas Texas and Park Cities area.
call me at 4696822540
Tony Plohetski: windows blown out of some downtown Houston skyscrapers.
Ducks go 3 and out after the turnover, OSU gets it back up 2, 1917.
hi lol u added an extra R in my name :p
thanks!
So glad you liked it.
really?
He's always telling me to smile more.
I thought I should peek in his office and give him a bright, sunny HI!
Kylie Minogue Aphrodite CD Release Party Friday July 16th.
To get in FREE TXT names of u  ur guests to: 7034073810
Great to hear!
wait it can b an iconic boy right?
Why are those easy open food packages never easy to open?
Thank you very much for the RT!
God is in the restoration business...doctor Creflo Dollar
Today's Press Conference was so sad!
I will always have such respect for Peyton Manning!
Fav QB, Awesome Guy!
Will Love Him Always!
I did see that.
smart kid I guess?
It was quite an odd game.
Hi and , this is going to be a GOOD chat!
Who wants to Skype?
I hope it doesn't rain today
Up late working on track...
This graduation was so ratchet
Sick Will Smith lookin ass!!!
Ugh.
Puked mid workout on the trail.
People just casually passing by.
Embarrassing.
Then a spider crawled on me.
Double ugh.
Morning !RT : GM my favorite rapper!!
Really?
You want to change me now?
Now that I finally freaking fit in and not get bullied about how tall I am or that I don't have the
The saddest part of any movie is when an animal dies.
Animal Planet is 24 hours a day of animals dying and being killed.
you know you work a two minute walk away from bbq, right?
Arthur Bryant's is better than Gates anyway.
it helps to give you a deeper understanding of life.
ROFL!
RT : I would love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code.
ugh, our 4th roommate.
He's the most victimized mylifeishardsoIdeservespecialtreatment person ever
Ditto!
God Bless You and have a fabulous day!!
What I want to eat I can't find it in my fridge LMFAO LEMME STOP
Barn Wood Wedding Reception Table Numbers   THE COUNTRY ...
The way to win an argument is to aim for a goal other than being right.
GOAL!!
SAVE EARTH.Its not right!!
ITS OUR RIGHT!
In retrospect, when you said rally you clearly meant: go down throwing wild elbows and ripping off your jersey as you leave court.
I wish I could be there!
nothing like falling to sleep with a movie about a clown with a knife slicing through people in middle a bloody battle.
Insanely jealous of those who are in NOLA for the Final Four.
One of my favorite cities to visit.
I'm growing concerned about how much I treat my laptop like a boyfriend.
It even has a side of the bed.
finishing up these charts for the show Monday!
love the fact it is likely free for secondary.
Way to go!
Doh!
That's what I get for scanning tweets for my name and not reading the entire thing.
xo
Congrats!
I think a Twitter handle will come on the DC birth certificate.
I am looking forward to filling out my passport this weekend at EPCOT.
Loving the
truffle honey makes everything better
I'm mad how most of my DMs on here are like this persons talking shit about you ...
Idgaf even if it was true lmao
RT  Confessions I love the Jacksonville jaguars even though they kinda suck.
3
just closed the garage door on my car.
twice.
This girl just got shited on by a bird lmao
Hope everyone had a great Halloween!
Thanks to all who came out!
RT : Attending the Art/ Entertainment Gaming tonight for , anyone else going to b there?
You always make my day!
99 of your use of serials is at the article level
They making that Bentley truck!!!!!!!!
It's not late yet everyone in my house is asleep : I need to be reading whilst it is quiet
Thank you!
It was an amazing night!!
long day, ready to go home!
follow me plisssssssss!
Stop it stupid!!!
Did u get my last mess on FB??
I'd would rather not talk to you ever again.
argh..
: thanks for having me in last week.
I had a blast love doing the show youguysaretheberries!
hey!!
Mahomie can you please follow me back33 :D
Friday social hour, 26 , 5 cocktails and fun eats.
Come see the boys, don't wait.
seems kind of slow for NYE, but I know Big Stacy will do it big.
need to book some airfare to Maui out of dallas in July, when is best time?
Thx
You can't beat freshly made pad thai and organic strawberry lemonade from the SDSU Farmer's Market.
and I are obsessed!
pls accept our invite 4 Sat nite BBQ w/our fam in SW PDX area to see Ducks  Big screen, gr8 ribs  love to have u join us!
Buy Ovulation Test: Clearblue Easy Fertility Monitor Test Sticks, 30 ...
well I think YOU'RE cool :
Taylor's got 12 points now, leading the
Has enough fun for one day today was a great day indeed!
I feel very lucky to have amazing friends in my life.
Treasure the little moments.
Can anyone give helpful hints for cutting cantaloupe?
I'm feeling quite challenged :/
listens to new Camera Obscura, makes zucchini relish
Happy Birthday mister President.
crossing my fingers hoping he's gay.
i love going to the beach just to make fun of people.
All I really need the critics to tell me is whether Green Lantern is better or worse than XMen Origins: Wolverine
Mashed up that would be one crazyawesome book.
Or not.
A heartfelt THANKS to all the came out to this past weekend to party, check us out for NEW specials all the time  new FORMAT.
Hope you had a good guess!
an INCH !!!
hahaha makes a whole lot of difference hahah
Crying myself to sleep tonight, rest in peace misterfam 3
San Diego fam law system is corrupt.
Lori Love, Steve Doyne, private Jams Ashworth ruthless!!
Fact.
The one with  will win.
Childoctorn lose..
RT IF IT ANNOYS YOU WHEN SOME1 WHO WINS TICKETS TO SEE ONE DIRECTION ON Z100 ARENT EVEN EXCITED.
LIKE WTF 
I'd have given up my seat for you.
BITCH I HOPE I DON'T GET A COLD
God, please give me extra strength 2 endure all the things I'm facing in my life right now.
I know ur always here 4 me  I'm blessed.
Up for work.
lol
two, two, two strips of bacon!
After 5 hrs the Brewers game 7 Twins game end withing 1 batter  5 mins of watch other!
I need some sleep.
Crew back at it in 11 hrs.
haha, that me laugh, I guess I won't be able to give him the ring I was suppose to give him long ago 
Don't confuse fame with success.
My son's friend would like me to text him when we are out of Klondike bars so he doesn't get disappointed.
the next one to show up at my house
only addition so far is the Mickey autograph.
Intersect.com is making some updates  might be down for about 30 minutes, until around 5pm PST.
Sorry for any inconvenience.
Tom Baker is careful when appearing with other Doctor Who actors, he is afraid he will cut himself in the remains of their shattered doctorams.
That awkward moment when your mom is stronger that you.
Can't stop listening to your songs!
Love love love 1D!
: 3
Going places today!
I'm god how are you?
What have you been up to!?!
Great inbound marketing session by at
No, Chelsea needs to understand Adam doesn't want what she wants an let go only when she let's go will she truly find happiness
Bad IRA advice just now Lynette.
There are very specific rules for deducting IRAs.
Doing taxes and watching.
Had to respond
Lillian is a doll.
Snapbacks and tattoos, snapbacks and tattoos...
show off ya hats, show off ya tatts...
You can fail many times, but you're not a failure until you begin to blame someone else.
Anon
I'm singing in Melbourne, Florida on June 2nd in The House of Joe Coffee Shop.
Awesome!
Thanks for inviting me,
hip hop : I have stuff on YouTube along with my reel :
Oh NASA, you've fooled us again.
Another late night dossapointment.
I LOVED that book.
Your note makes me want to reread it.
have heard anything from klocke?
tks Shannon cool site : 

I see that  he's even wearing suspenders
Beer and Slice and some startups how nice.
It's Wednesday madness at the
Still at work...blurg!
RT : Customer: I thought ICEMAN COMETH was at Lookingglass.
Guys.
What if.
have faith!
Guatemala's a smooth balanced, chocolatey body, with a nice caramel finish, SCC origin coffee, grown in the Coban region.
AKA
im not sure if i gave you the rite URL for nialls
Today's word is VALUE.
As used in I VALUE all that I am blessed to have in this world.
FHA announced Tuesday that it has instructed Fannie and Freddie alternatives to the current servicing and compensation structure
Great local, regional, and national LIVE BANDS every FRI  SAT night at Mad Frog.
Stay tuned for concert info, free ticket offers and more!
Headin back to Cali tomorrow this summer is gonna be work work work.
hardworkwillpayoff workout dance acting brushinmyteeth ;D
Thanks very much.
Gondor makes demoing branches easy: gondor create kind dev demo gondor manage demo database:copy production gondor deploy demo mybranch
No problem...i loved it!
Thanks for doing it!
NeverShouldYouEver sit down for a crap without checking for toilet paper
2/2 Especially since BSU is trying to promote wise food policies, Chick FilA  not sustainable.
Plus: homophobic!
LOL, wat?
its okay!
did u change ur name now?
Didyouknow : compact fluorescent bulbs save 75 more energy than regular bulbs?
That saves about 30 in energy over the bulbs lifetime!
have fun in Atlanta!
I will be there in spirit.
Call me if u need any thing.
I know your political affiliations but have you heard...
blah blah..
Welcome to the world of doortodoor politics.
U don't know jack!
thanks for putting me on you ff list!!!
Tune into at 3:30pm PT today to hear tournament host talk about our recent Umpqua Bank Challenge field announcement!
At dinner on melrose ave with !
Good to catch up!!
DON'T ..WANNA ...MOVE.
lkkgkkkhkglg
Hello SirMix a lot!
Oh I wanted so much more but when The Lorax shoots up 2 the sky in glitter it brought a tear 2 my eye.
It's not terribly frequent, but certainly happens.
I personally go to the doctor each year to get checkup.
Stayed up til 4...feeling it
Interesting fact  residential assessments for single family home went down 3 in Albemarle, but multiplefamily homes increased by 5
My friends are a mess hahaha
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHHA I FORGOT ABOUT THAT

Where all the gurls with dimples HERE!
Smile for me is that simple Yes
MY HEART ARRANGES A MELODY
The link between unionism and class warfare becomes more apparent on Wall Street and in the Rose Garden.
Unskilled, high paying jobs now!
No ur going home n i didnt even had time to meet u FML!
UGH!
Ana
hth2012 aboriginal cultural heritage and conflict with huge commercial mining interests.
Bowen Basin
YouShouldBeEmbarrassed of your small package.
Love you too!
Take care!
Makin' a roux.
I'm so glad you love all the episodes of HartOfDixie 3 :
STILL LAUGHING MY ASS OF AT THIS RT Austin MaNO1CURRBOUT
Field day....and it's raining.
Lazy day.
haaha that's good :
I kinda wanna change my professorle picture.
But what picture should I change it to?
Hmm...
Hi there!
Sent you a DM.
Thanks for the reply!
Never Interrupt Someone doing what you said couldn't be done .
Finally read ok paged through 9 Journal of Acountancy, 2 UW Biz Alumni Mags  2 ILCPA Updates.
Read my email updates so on top of things!
is the cure for bad Chuck Norris jokes from two years ago
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen.
Frank Lloyd Wright
Hehe : Obsessed with your style!
KInd of annoyed that all of Wikipedia blackout coverage I heard failed to mention libraries as an alt method for reference.
Checking out the set up for 's BeerFest.
It is looking awesome.
So..
true..
that franchise is just falling apart by bits and bits..
if they lose Brees ...
there done..
: Rockies Delta Cleary Jr has hit his 1st Home Run at LowA Asheville That a way !!!!!!
God put me on this earth to accomplish a certain number of things.
Right now I am so far behind that I will never die.
Bill Watterson
LATEST VACANCIES at SHELL NIGERIA E amp; P COMPANY LTD ...
We found the key now, of course!
:
social networking see no need for YAA to have a Twitter page.
There are only two of us with YAA who see this value and we are trying as
Go for itno one will know!
Just us..
: The neighbor's perfectly ripe mango, hanging over the sidewalk, is taunting me....
Wait A Second ...
Reenactors Like the 'Civil War' Types...?...Please Take Some Pics ...!
:
Yes had it  yes worth saving.
Foie gras is like Jewish bacon.
The people who listen to Mike Jones have a lower IQ than the people who listen to Future or TPain
o, so no congrats?
ok, i see how much im loved here.
ILY TOO YOU GUYS.
I need to get myself a bottle of that beer again.
help Troy Davis if he is not gone....
Wow...everyone's missing freethrows!
RT : I'll doze off safe and soundly, but I'll miss your arms around me.
What used to be called stalking is now known as Location Based Marketing ha  great presentation from
She Think She Ready For Tha World,Just Luk At Daddy's Little Gurl..!
And after a while you convince yourself and then right again the hm kicks in.
Maybe pops up.
Back to square one.
Question for How do you like your button mike?
I'm in the market for something like that.
Katy, put back on your old outfit.
nope!
Lol you?
It does bad
2 tires came off a port authority bus today.
In traffic.
Hey Onorato, Job well done.
You can stick that doctornk tax up ur as in ur new job.
rendering these beats!
dont come in before 11 though...
See ya tomorrow!!
I don't got aim just sloppy sprayers hittin up the wall more the hockey playas
I have said hook a brotha up with some crabs!
today.
It's all uphill from here.
Thanks for the compliment!
When you want to black out, skip the beer and head for the
Thank you for being our 500th follower!
My iPod is on shuffle but all it's deciding to play is ;D
Katt Williams in trending
ha!
Is it delicious?!
In the Orlando airport waiting for connecting flight to JFK.
Old people and tourists everywhere...
Brooklyn, oh how i miss you...
xx, joseph
Wow I'm boring notmuchishappeninginmylife why?
Never does the human soul appear so strong as when it forgoes revenge, and dares forgive an injury
WTF iPhone?
It's moustache not moist ache.
when yu on the phone with who
Damn again!?
: Heard Somebody Just Got Killed Around The Corner!!
Damn
Davey ...hit me up and let me know you are still breathing
Question: Why does PSN hardlyever have demos for games which do have demos on the 360?
Ugh!
I managed to eke out a 45 min.
workout.
Would have been better outdoors!
Hope you have a great weekend :
Gassing up my new coche for the 1st time.
So ends my 10 years w/out a car.
It was a good run.
No prob.
christhebookie by day but you might know me by night.
Thanks for your support.
if I don't respond back its becuz I'm in the building  cant use my phone.
They have put a crack on cell usage while on the floor
spicy ketchup sauce: ketchup  hotsauce  garlic powder.
Wish it were already out, eager to see it.
Thanks.
Don't want to go to school :
Burger  Boogie  Rick's in Alhambra  Burger joint patio turned into disco.
DJ spins OG tunes while patrons age 282 hit the floor dancing
you kayaking?
Dude.
That thing sucks.
didn't.
Thanks!
Chris Stewart may be the most clutch Yankee on this team.
Too bad Donald Duck Dunn had to go today.
He played bass on all the '60s songs by Booker T, Aretha, Otis Redding, Sam  Dave...
Team Hobbes!
RT : Had a good day!
Won my Eq flat class, 2nd in the medal, and 5th in the o/f.
YAY!
Hunter classes tomorrow!
RT: The Mavs weren't perfect, but I sincerely believe that Rapid city didn't earn that game.
artallnight tomorrow evening in Pittsburgh.
'Black Dynamite' didn't make the cut?
Something to look forwarDD too!
RT : But the paper is AT work, coffee stop before.
Cruel world.
Ha
Can we all rally around and help this woman get this petition signed for the violence on Basketball Wives and Boycott Bullying!
My mom got an iPhone and she doesn't even know how to use it
Fall's best new show: Homeland.
Claire Danes makes for one hell of a possibly psychotic C.I.A.
op.
The truly wonderful and the truly beautiful are synonymous and reciprocal feelings.
S.H.Sharpe
oh my god hahahahaha
freakin invisible?
yeah pretty much.
gotta love that feeling!
cmonnnnnnnn prove it
im allergic to you fuck bitches ....
hachuuu !!!!!
I love the day my super smart Twitter pals get their mla13 acceptances.
Looking forward to seeing you all in Boston!
Okay my love, take care !!
Love u so much and I hope we can talk soon ;
trees and power lines are down in Port Orange Florida.
It looks like possibly a tornado.
SMART goals and Performance Matrix.
Where am I?
Pull ur pants up Ya feel me..
Not
New blog post at www.FemaleEqualityMatters.com
thanks for spending your afternoon with us!
:
Nice audition yesterday.
Have tickets to see doctorcula tonight at the Indiana Repertory Theatre.
No Shame Theatre is back to its regular time slot this week!
Doors open at 10pm, Show at 10:30pm.
Hope to see you there.
Okay, my break from packing is officially over.
am I being followed
Weird guy staring at me.
Ommmmgggggg.
This professorwas def sleeping during the how to create a syllabus discussion.
And yet, I'm tempted to take another of her classes.
Not every PR firm or PR dept.
of the company is like that but YES it can be harsh especially few days before the show or award.
That is horrible!
God Bless You.
I'm readyy!
Too sore to go up these stairs 
...and has a tremendous hairline...
That's not a movie trailer!?
:P
Happy New Year!
Wishing everyone much happiness  health for 2011!
Be safe tonight :
wasup boss follow back
She'll never leave me alone and I swear I met shorty nearly 40 minutes ago.
I'm so mad the boys don't celebrate American Mother's Day.
All the other fandoms are thanking the moms and we're just like....lolno
thanks sir
Pics from the Mayday Parade on Polish Hill
Smoking some weed later...
weed is not a doctorg but medicine....
Really bad dude
Thanks to the Fabulous Sports Babe and for a fab time on the radio blabbering about recruiting.
Will Macau show up again or not?
That's the question here at the Bellagio, way more people were chasing him yesterday then today
and I love you.
:
Hi!
thanks for joining us!
Dont blame the police.
Cops aint paid enough, aint given respect, aint protected from the NRA's cop killer bullets.
Police are the 99.
I know!o
You guys should totally spin I'm Not A Gangsta by !
Sick music to get down to!
awesome!!
RT : Quick Shout out  lost 1 lb.
this week WAY TO GO LADY!
We had sunshine today!!!
Our plants are smiling!
One backup copy isn't enough.
Be safe.
Use 2.
One day you'll thank me.
RT Grandpa, CBS: How do I accept a video call?
Mzuck: You click the button.
My kids experienced their first innercity bus and commuter train rides in Chicago this week...saw many interesting people!
g pisses me the hell off!!!
Down south ain't been no where nigga stuff!!!!!
Thanks for the FF mention today :
I want Isles and Glaciers to make another record.
no matter what i wake up  the same time every day i never sleep in
Love , where your order ships same day.
HUGE S/O to This her last week  her 95, as she embarks 100 into socialsola.com.
This takes planning, confidence  faith!
lol well try it once, if you don't like it, send it back and get your money back.
We'll even refund your shipping  handling.
Derby Lane Greyhound Racing Tri Super carryover currently stands at 24,997.00 and growing!
Play tonight in Races 5 and 7.
9/23/2010 Book Review: Inbound Marketing: Getting Found Using Google, Social Media, and Blogs SchneiderB
thanks Daisy!
You are awesome.
so are you willing to follow me ?
MT:: local important in digital age bc same content is everywhere.
Value state, regional local resources.
is it your Bday?
Off to watch baseball.
My nephew's Little League team.
Sky is very dark.
Whoa, N.
Korea needs to calm down.
Reading S.
Korea has scrambled F16's post Island attack.
Serious conflict.
Prayers.
I wonder how many people at brookwood will actually end up marrying each other...
Finally get to eat lunch!
If this crazy schedule continues I have no worries about maintaining my weight for the wedding!
I'm sorry y'all this crying baby and no Dick is getting to me.
RT : Looking 4 fun?
Visit one of Tennessee's many wineries across the state.
Find a winery near you at www.PickTnProducts.org
RT : 45 of 100 spent at a locallyowned business stays in local economy.
Only 14 of that same 100 spent at chain store stays.
Read 's tweets.
I thought you two were doctornking together
anyone have some artistic shots of last night's fireworks?
you just give them the look  
i love boys
my bad i forgot to lock up my emotions...
Did you get the invite yet?
I was n my mom was a troop leader.
We used to make the coolest jewelry n scrunchies, ha!
The scouts were so cute this morning
c'mon steelers lets fight, black, gold, and white !!!
:
Sorry you couldn't make it.
won best food blog.
Check our Twitter bio for links to results, pics and a Twitter list.
InMyCity you don't just run into someone.
Cormac McCarthy's THE ROAD?
Looking forward to tomorrow night's show at Schubas with The Kickback!
oovoo me ASAP
Ladies: there is a huge difference between being thick and over weight.
i'm not that interesting but here: dontgiveuponus
Do u follow ??
If not, please do it NOW!!
Support GOod MuSiC :
RT : Tune in to Great Day STL to catch Bryan Fenkart from MEmphis!
LoL gotta get it while it's hott!
I like when you tweet to fans.
I'm a fan and I'd cry and freak out if you tweeted me.
Please?
No, Scotty and I were the fog machines.
Cigars were just the juice.
is it your birthday today!?
If it is Happy Birthday!!!
If its not WOOPS !!
Lol!
:D ILY!
3
Citizen of the the knowledge society, Pierre Levy via
Feeling naked with out ear rings in :/
still laughing when I see your oh my gosh we hit 68,000 tweet!
Haha that was the funniest voice you said that in.
Love it.
RT : Haters can be ignored, critics deserve a response.

gathering 9am  goode circle area.
Will send an email with more when I clean out my inbox
In honor of I'll Have Another, I think I will have another .
.
.
Salute
Yourfavoritemartion on YouTube is fuckin hilrious.
True G Junk
Just had a 99 point word on words wit friends
If you are going to VidCon, you won't want to miss the booth!
Seriously!
Put it down bout to be my new ring tone on my iPhone
uneducated people !
On a visit to the gorgeous Clark Library in Los Angeles
solid investments are key.
We are happy to welcome Felicia Escobar  Julie Rodoctorguez from the White House to have an immigration conversation with nafsaAD advocates!
Bringing hookers back like I'm in the Secret Service.
im 44 and cant get enough of puddles!!
hopethishelps :
VSP say gunman at VT was NOT a student, will release identity after family notification
haha nice!
Look forward to meeting you!
Shopping for Halloween costumes.
girlbyenotwiththem mickey mouse panties that you bout from WalMart
HEY CUBBY!!!
Thank you for the follow!
:
N.C.
used to also, back in the day.
If the site is called Pinterest, why is everyone posting pictures of everything but glasses of Guinness?
The world makes no sense to me!
My not wanting to see it was built in so it didn't occur to me the marketing might actually have a deleterious effect
Fruit snacks, which are more snacks and less fruit.
If Tiger made no mistake except for poor doctorving, then give all of the facts that led to the mishap and be honest.
Story has 2 b believable.
Third??
Last one happened at 554pm/ 654 pm EDT.
Or the could be sensing more.
do ppl in this house understand its illegal to open my mail?...smh
Looking at guys pissing...
Wait a minute...Stefan Urquelle is on USA's hit television show, Psych?
What would your name be if you were a girl?
Shoutout to Jada From Canada ........
happy moms day to ya!!!
James Franco is so hot in Freaks and Geeks.
What I'm remembering is Santigold does electropop stuff.
Wikipedia tells me she's also 10 days younger than I am.
top100lies Bailey can play sports.
Good morning, sir!
Woo picking up trash to REDD UP THE STRIP.
People are going to think I am part of a chain gang.
Vets Unite gets Veterans the help they need when they need it.
Ask how you can help.
i didnt write that, it wa automatic
Wow!
The classic seymour!!
Good job stormin norman
I swear my fam are the funniest.
You got a boyfriend now?
Lemme see a picture!
Just say congrats or something.
DAMN!
no negative vibes here I am Switzerland : Just a friendly prod.
Is anybody else twitter app getting everything in their mentions
FF Gregarious guys, gives grins  grimaces.
Go get him!
when are you coming home?!
Tis the season for delusional Facebook posts about how Christmas is under attack!!!!!
wish we had faster hards.
still prolly same players, but the TENNIS would be different.
sigh.
i miss variety.
Well, it happened a long time ago, and it is the story about why I did it.
Now it has a little more in it :
Doctor said I have radiculitis.
I told him I thought he was pretty ridiculous, too.
oops too late
Thanks for the RT re: 3yearold mobile testers.
:
I'm not gonna lie...this boy gives me butterflies!
:
You could be in cahoots with the Aussies though...
we can't be too careful.
email my heart
I wanna buy a used/good condition/affordable bicycle, anybody selling one?
Hiring Sr.
Java Programmer/Analyst for a six month contracttohire position in Columbus Ohio
i want to be broski of the week cuz im in love with u,ur the greatest wwe superstar of all time nd ur a future wwe champ.WWWYKI
See you Monday for another insightful discussion about the professorssional world!
Yeah that's nice.
But IT'S THE CATALINA WINE MIXER!
Looking forward to POLFinals tonight with other artsed folks.
It's how I get my poetry fix for the year.
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing customized homes in San Antonio Texas.
oh shush.,.
It was an over exaggeration !
shady bitches 
Watching I spit on your grave this movie is fucking sick im bout to burn this movie....
poptarts suck dick
brace yourself for a disaster season.
How I decide whether or not to go to someone's house; Me: Is there food?
Them: Yea?
Me: I'm on my way.
Hi justin
Shit crazy in highschool when me n russle westbrook played against each other he was my size now he givin niggas buckets
ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless; the love I feel for him
cuddle time?
Thanks to all our followers!
We are almost at 300.
Keep telling your friends about our focus groups in
blah blah blah
I would be interested in reading your blog post.
I'll keep an eye out for it.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
I HOPE IT IS GREAT.
AND COULD U PLZ PLZ PLZ FOLLOW ME?
IF U WUD THAT WUD MAKE ME SO HAPPY:
I want to follow all of my favorite celebs on here, but there is just too many.
I'd never really see any of their tweets with so many!
At FMF2012 Grammy showcase in Orlando repping
Waiting for the weekend:
I am literally crayin
Did you try a waffle today?
Just making pot au chocolat.
It's like chocolate custard.
Yumo.
My pleasure.
It is nice to see other students' work.
Can get too predictable with my own sometimes.
Just sold my car for gas money.
The History Of House 8pm10pm M/F PST with DJNateski hosting the music for you..House, Classic House,Disco  Funk..We love to see you smile
I'm going to finish this book and then get my day going 
Good morning all!!
today I'm going to be in a panel to give advice to transfer students PROTIP: DO NOT TAKE MY ADVICE
Yeah, the overtime was killing me.
I don't think I have your number, is it on Facebook?
seriously?!?!?
how did you screw that one up?!?!?!
thanks Jason.
That one is closed as well, however.
Can't express how sad it is to be stuck in Wisconsin being a Patriots fan during SuperBowl week!!
goPatsgo!!!!
yea i dnt know tho, my back light won't turn off
Good Luck today , , , Bring home the series win
I cried when I watched new freestyle.
Was perfect!
But Nick you look so lonely someone need a hug?
any good tips or guide
NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead it'd be easier to list the ones who haven't.
is it possible to keep a live plant in my office at work, if I take it home to get sunshine on the weekends?
please say yes
Sec of Ed Arne Duncan at the aasl board mtgsecurity won't allow people in and it wasn't advertisedviolation of open mtg rule?
didn't know you were a Mac Miller fan!
Going on tour with him next month w/ Thanks again for the LA meetup, was rad.
BandsILove Phoenix  New Crystal Dolls
Off for a quick camping overnight.
It's too late for deep thinking.
Last monday i had a snow day....today im sweating like a fucking fat man who just ran 5 miles...what the actual fuck, mother nature of pa.
Ready!
RT : The will host the on opening day May 19
People really love combining two words into one new word.
Is this as popular in other countries as it is in the US?
its 11:11 MakeAWish AustinMahone.....my wish is that all the people in the world get feed today 3 God Bless 3
i  black women although, aintNthnLikeAsistah lol
Don't use The Word of God to justify hatred and discrimination!
Take the sheets off your heads!
You're equally wrong!
: You can find me at the lot, yeah, I like my money fast.
Two hundoctord on the gas, two hundoctord on the dash.
U trill n best analyst
more wiglike than natural  it has now been tamed   mowed lawn
am so happy The Artist won!
wonderful film.
i am bored guys rlly what about u all?
Ravens dominate.
Defense closes game.
haha gotcha...
Then yes you are very antisocial lol!
You have THE coolest blog I've seen in a while!
I think I'm addicted now.
Misread this as Movies like Ratner.
I love The Huffington Post.
I do too!
Can't function w/out it.
Luv u too, Carson.
Keep on rockin'...
S/o our bro and his team.
They came all the way from NYC!
someone's picking me up and taking me
Reading Minds is NOT my JOB!
Communicate expecations clearly and wait for instructions.
Really, that its is NOT hard cold science!
Happy Hour Tonight 3p6p No Cover No Minimum Tasty doctornks, Pizzas  Tacos  Check it out for tonight  Live Dishes too, OG Cocktails  more
wudz good twitter junkies
Me: I need someone in charge of stopping me right before I make a huge mistake.
My brain: Not it
Best thing about Monday is a SFGiants sweep of the Mets!
to bad hes no where to be found!
Both of Kman's grandparents now follow me on Instagtam thereby satisfying their craving for pics of him and no longer bugging me for them.
my mom always does that repeatedly, then wonders why I get upset after the 3rd or 4th time
why do people not follow people but always retweet them?
ah not having your number suckd s s ugh
Good morning America doing a salute to the 80s next week!
Remember those tube sock up to the knees :?
Actually going to bed before 11!
I love sleep and somehow don't get enough of it.
Goodnight Twitter world!
Happy 19th birthday to my little sister!!
Good times.
We apologize, technical difficulties.
Voting was temporarily interrupted for all submissions.
Thanks.
haha yeah!!
Omg and I saw your picture with Ed.
I need to meet him one day!
no one cares about updates on WVU officials' meetings john...no one!
what a combination!!!
DYK?
Carrie P.
Meek, former U.S.
Congresswoman was a member of DST.
..
Thx for Tweeting this, had no idea my talk had been accepted!
Thanks so much for allowing us to speak at your meeting!
We really appreciate it!
whichever way you style your hair it will always look nice!!!
Makeup or not you're still pretty!!!!
Going to the park
Have this recording thing that I need to get set up to start recording with better quality
There's a lot out there, you have to go and get it though.
Would guess they didn't make it to ENC1101 lol
Looks like I'm eating some junk food for the game...socited Peter piper pizza and Wingstop ...
Send me a ticket when you wanna hit it, send me the Ring win you wanna get married.
Thanks for the RT, my dear!!
:
Dear God, I speak for myself and copious amounts of women.
Please put the fat from my ass into my boobs.

Voyager Upgrade and Newest Partner, Howard University All,
The last line killed me.
how we define our professorssionalism?
By treating others with respect and meeting our commitments
I'm keynoting it!
And that really bums me out that you aren't coming
Patriots got the Ball at the Broncos 44.
Brady passes to Branch and He Fumbles and Tebow is back with 1 seconds left.
They gain yards but...
This weekend needs to hurry a little, even though all this make up work is bullshit.
and im sitting here single swaggin..
:
It's an extra large 711 coffee kind of morning
5 batt and a full day of traveling !!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Spurs' lead up to 11 after Danny Green's first basket.
Spurs lead 6655 with 6:48 left in the third quarter.
Jazz timeout.
i love it when guys realize all that a girl has to go through and they're not some sexists jerks.

Just because they smile in your face don't mean they like you!.
..
.
REMINDSMEEHOF..
.
.LBJC
Error 37.
Maybe I should just wait until tomorrow.
Work early.
I'm putting the free in freelance.
Just received that SMOOTH bump up to first class!
thank you for all your comments!!
been capping professorssionally for 6 years now.
People love you when you're winning but hate you when you loose all part of it
Trio thing in a few
On this date, 29 years ago, November 18, 1982, Bill Sargent Bands launched with the debut of The Bill Sargent Big Band featuring Joan Seele.
tonight 8pm you must see at
...Let's stick to understanding  we won't fall/for better or worse times, I hope to me you call/so I pray everyday friends will stay...
I Saw this cute 7 yr old wearing Hannah Montana socks.Me: Do you like Hannah?
her: No but I like stepping on her face every time I walk.
Did u know: Denver, known as beer capital of the U.S.
has a microbrewery at CoorsField?
Keep your secrets with you girl, safe from the outside world
Stop Online Privacy Act SOPA bill has monumental implications for content hosts like libraries  Peter Brantley
and boy I want you to know, I can't get you out of my head
Not quite!
It's Garth.
Though will be in the scene this picture is from too, just not as excited!
we love to get you to do a write up on our music!!
Keep a time log during some time interval, like a week, and then analyze it to see where your time goes.
Romney is a uniter.
The majority of Republicans and Democrats agree that he's a phony.
.
you want a new GM and coach just to have new ones.
Wanna keep doing this over and over?
Follow me if you love One Direction or Justin Bieber.
I'll follow back
Just read your opening up a restaurant.
Hope you have room to hold all 2000  of the SLTP ladies in August.
lol
To give someone a piece of your heart is worth more than all the wealth in the world.
thank ya!
Hey , we should talk about an internship program we're planning for the summer!!
Evans  8 for 8 FTs, big boards  D stops
iWishThat i saw newyearseve cuz I really want to!!
Creativity is piercing the mundane to find the marvelous.Bill Moyers
I only use two addons but thats more on the addon devs not doing their job imho, but I totally get the memory issue
That taco was handed down by the Good Lord himself.
3thattaco
Random Fact: Diana Ross appeared on at least one hit single every year between 1964 and 1996, an incredible 33 years.
Seeing everyone else freaked out about the senior project freaks me out cause Im not freaked out about it.
Gracias for the info!
'The Voice' Keeps Up Super Bowl Momentum; 'Smash' Results Are Mixed
I like to stun the spider with hairspray, leaving it disoriented and highly flammable.
It goes FWOOM and then there's no spider remains.
I'm not upset you lied to me.
I'm upset that now I can't believe you any more.
Thank you thinking of memakes me feel special!!
I am sure that my pain meds have everything to do w/ me feeling a bit better.
lol ;
they also need the northern part to get the oil from Canada.
Kind of pointless to have northern part.
autosave failed.
I need autosave every 3 minutes  obvs not with local msft office.
: : : know if I can reach into the RAM
Thanks!
Happy New Year!
i'm hungry but I don't know what i want
Best swimming hole in ausitn?
Barton Springs of course
We have a hot n' juicy burger just for you!
Fight the cold and come on out, open till 8pm, dinein or take out
Over/Under on Virginia tomorrow night sitting at 107.5.
They scored 96 combined LY, but scored over 110 in 19 straight prior to that one...
Right now.
Lol
Recording a lesson for a www.etapdance.com subscriber who needs 15 seconds of a tap step broken down from a YouTube video.
Very true.
The States role in marriage is different than the Church's role
Finished TM.
It was fun and very cold.
Best of luck tomorrow.
You can do it.
Nathaniel, yet again he tweeted clear, distinct, obvious, and intelligible
I will love till forever until death do us part well be together take my hand hold on tight we'll get there this i swear
Thanks for making my morning with your 2012 campign playlist!
OFA.BO/pHpWYy :: it's on spotify!
They wana take my brother to a waterpark in jersey tomorrow i'm done yo ctfuuu
Should be doing work of some sort right now
The pain of feeling so along ,when theres a room full of people is crazy.
Cocaine is presently the most abused major stimulant in America.
It has become the doctorg most frequently involved in Emistervisits
So Brees wasn't elite,  after seasoning was so?
WilNeverHappenAgain!?
Steve Young...
go look at TBay stats!
Owney, riding rails.
/ Postal bags and foreign tags.
/ Adventure called him.
A haiku from buddy Ralph
You're welcome!
I've stopped by before was a guest ThisIBelieve reviewer in my ENG110 class so I've said hi to her.
:
who you telling.
Niggas wearing Dickie shorts and Camos shoveling snow.
Sd worst we get no love or respect.
I'm tempted to literally set fire to the rain.
But, I can't because I'm in campus right now :/
3 years since Relapse.
is anyone else missing their and mentions on Twitter today?
DM me if you are, I've been missing mine for a month!
can't dm you...
no worries.
we'll need to look at next week to reschedule the.
Ill check dates later today.
are you serious?
Damn that's awesome.
at home wea u at
is a future hall of famer!
What a great career.
Just getting to the BookCourt to see
Have a SAFE and Happy New Years Eve !
LMFAO!
When the fuck did I say that?
I putted lefy handed in minigolf tonight...boooyah!
do you think is ready for our dancing?
I grew up watching Jordan, nobody in the nba keeps me on the edge of my seat like he did!!
GOAT always and forever.
BABY, COME BACK!
Baby, come back to me!
I am a perfect example of imperfection...
Is he really gay
could be worse  i have 6 programs this week
Today so far has been a spectacular reiteration all the wrong persons are dead.
Tempted to amend this.
How did the interview go?
hey Ur so funny :
Do tell!?
What is your favorite work?
plz follow me:
OH HELL NO.
THAT IS UR MAN.
Never Fall In Love With Potential!!!!!!
and you, Tracy.
Hope you're having a fabulous day!
Redeux work day!
Giving lots of furniture new life:
no, SCCMayor and we are tweeting from tonight
Easter candy...
It's whats for breakfast, lunch,  dinner this week!
in Florida or Paris?
Tried out some moves over the weekend via on cable n man, I'm still sore!
You have to check it out!
If the Jaguars waited until July to release Coleman they would get slammed for not giving him chance to catch on with another teamcan'twin

RT : So Proud Of ; Today Was His Last Day of College amp; He's Graduating Next Week
tweet, tweet, tweet.
I want to watch the clippers game, if it is the same as game 1
can i get a
Watch out for companies who promise to make you rich claiming that anyone can do it.
Simple Supply and Demand debunks that
I just whispered out loud Don't go in the basement!
Scary Moviez am i right
I love it.
The name of every student and the scholarships they have been awarded are being read aloud...totaling over 2million
Planning for St.
Paddy's?
Stop in Fri thru Sun for Fresh Corned Beef  Cabbage!
We also have Big Gingers and Car Bombs to add, um, pizzazz!
washington post has been running the china daily propaganda supplement for some time
hey bella cam you follow me please i love you'r personage in sake it up yu are munch
Oh brother RT PLEASE RT : Capitalize please.
Twins RT Please
Glenn, Hill, Randle still possible for Browns at 37.
oops yeah readability as well for when I'm going to read right then, pocket for later.
Agreed on producers though.
It's a hard line.
One step forward, one to the side, now one back.
We are definitely waltzing.
Except I'm the woman I think.
just seems that Izturis, Conrad, etc are so bad we inflate expectations of league average guys like Lucroy.
Sorry, just frustrated
almost nicole...
Tonight  Friends will be providing your humpday tunes
From Tony Plohetski: Fellow reporter Novak huddled in hallway with family at home near downtown Houston.
Whats up with Florida's Weather 
You're completely right, is a huge
: Gotta load my tweets !
f u my phone doesn't connect ti wifi here
Morris will not continue as basketball coach, per AD Jeff Lueders.
They're posting that job right now.
eraherrahr
A huge weight has been lifted off of my shoulders.
I have never really understood the expression until now.
No matter what anyone else thinks, says, or feels...YOU are God's favorite!!
3
We believe business is one of most powerful forces on planet,  harnessed correctly, can impact in freakishly sustainable way.
RT : I think it's safe to say that Katy Perry performance was a public middle finger to Russell Brand
Shh, just let it happen.
If I end up on third shift and have to miss my brother's senior football season, I'll cry.
seriously lovemybrother 
You may not ever understand what's going on in their life but you can always figure out what's going on in yours
Anything going on in Detroit today cuz?
I thought it was cute.
U could add some more doctorma maybe...
r they gonna fall in love?
But, overall I thought it was good.
oh pahaha i see it
cute is holding hands in the car and kissing at all the red lights
thanks O!
That pic was taken/edited by my fab sisterwife She's another rock star!
Applied for the Cubs PA job today.
Give me ivy.
Louis Oosthuizen should have known, you don't wear green on Sunday of the Masters  Watson wins
I added an extra 100 channels to my cable package in October just so I wouldn't miss was brilliant.
Bad call.
I won't speak for the quoran but jesus taught nothing but love.
The new testament invalidated a lot of the old.
I don't think I told you before, but that Shearwater Van Ettin cover is bad ass.
Re: starting team w/ 3 AFC South defenders Saw you had Ryans 4.
When would Jerraud Powers have entered the mix?
Click on the first link on every page!
You will always make it back to philosophy!
Got to get started on gardening project.
Tend to the land!
I know right!
:D
You're right!
Sue Duncan was the 1st from 200207, then Paul Wiles.
However, the post has been vacant since his retirement in 2010
Too true!!
I will not sleep.
I honestly don't even care about the rest of the school year..
I just want summer 3
S/o to a sexy witty puttn on for tha Htown to all my followers follower her please u jus my get a sexy pic to
YES so friggin crazy the next ep.
is the last one for this season right?!
oh man shits gonna go down lol
Oo, guess your little one isn't so little anymore.
My bad lol
Quick transaction.
Running IS a technique sport.
Check out some of the many named running techniques such as Pose Chi, or Evolution.
Thanks for checking into 4square and happy Pi day!
Feel free to follow back  let us know about your visit
I had a chicken bowl, double chicken, brown rice, black beans and guac tonight....
it was really good!
class was great shadowing the next 2 days
nothin' says childhood fun like the smell of molten plastic!
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much  Oscar Wilde.
Somehow there is both an Indiana fan and a New Mexico State fan in this bar.
lmao well stop that shit :p
yeah, fuck that..
GO BIG Tonight!
Good Luck!
Man, i want a dog
Today's Bodemeister was Never thought being too fast would be a bad thing :
HAHAHAH.
We can add one more when I appoint you as my running mate
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown tonight from 811pm on 98.9 The Buzz!
Get yer Rochester Rock 'n Roll!
Wonder how many copies of that Mobicip app are gonna be downloaded after that NYT article today
Fuq dat hoe, dick her down Woo!
Woo!
Smh this damn coon video song is too catchy
We've partnered with Toyota of Boerne  !
Our valet team will be accepting your food donations until March 31.
Make sure you pick up a gift card for all of your friends!
I love San Antonio but it sure does get hott!!!!
Watching the movie GRIND, hands down my favorite skate movie 
So much for an hour class.
This shyt been 3 ans a half mf hours.
Thanks for the listing!
JUST GOT SOME MORE ADIDAS IN TODAY COME GET YOU A PAIR!!!!
Wonders what the next few weeks will bring.
Hopefully good things.
And grades.
Looking forward to the Meatpocalypse tonight.
BBQFTW!
My spirit is sleeping somewhere cold
Apathy is a disease.
Ignorance spreads like cancer.
Yet neither is an excuse for inaction...
: I'm confused.
she meant, pee.
I was teasing you because you turn everything into a competition :P
There's no way you're 18, you look like you're about 16.
I understand the intention of this quote but I think passion and determination are on par with it.
I been in summer classes EVERY year lol I need a break
good song.
yooooooo did u hear doctorta rap?
She was fucking dope!!
New Sunday Tradition: Buying scratchoff tickets.
I will win 5,000 a week for life.
I FEEL IT!!!
that figures!
Watching Demi Lovato on youtube!
Her new Video :  DemiLovatoVEVO  So my day Completed.
: x
no package yet :
Try losing the first set.
Worst case scenario, you lose in straight sets, save valuable time
What about scotch tape?
RT : Beer.
RT : Music and writing, what more do you need?
My girl, Im back on Twitter3 I lost all my followers though.
Go tell ya people to tell their peoples,
always amazes me with their customer service.
With the high bar they set for themselves, you'd think they'd falter.
But not so far!
A lot of work will be done over the next day and a half by  to get the website up and running.
God will never put you in a situation you cannot handle....all you have to do is trust  believe in him.
hope you had a lovely day at wango tango.
Goodnight sweet doctorams and love you :
Jeff carter go fuck yourself!
I'm so happy right now, it makes me nervous.

I've realized most of these ppl who got on only got on cus of who they know, not their talent.
that obviously had nothing to do with Super Troopers.
: Always open for a talk, put me on speed dial.
if loving you is wrong : i dont want to be right 3
Good luck on the 50miler!
perhaps, although giving an artsy cousin as a wedding gift is more difficult than it sounds
Join for an intimate LIVE FAN CHAT with Cambio TODAY at 5pm PST!
Submit questions using AskDemi  aol.it/nemUMV
might take a week or two too after the appeal on dec 1st3rd before we hear anything so it could be middecember or later
Recession is so bad, even Apple lost jobs
um is a faggot.
end of story.
:
plans to move in soon..
Putting together information for next year's officers!
Don't forget the meeting is today at 4:15 in VLIB 201.
On set for more Saltwater!!!
I didn't realize that Hedo Turkoglu still knew how to score, much less make crazy circus andone shots.
Watching Bizarre foods featuring !!
Exciting :
I just need to stop letting people dare me to do things when I'm doctornk
People, realize that unless Obama acts on his promises NOTHING is going to change.
Gonna try to clean my room.
Website coming soon
I struggle so much to articulate why I detest email attachments.
Yet I don't favor cloud computing in all cases.
ur my best friend...crazy and you love hydoctorponic.
While breastfeeding may not seem the right choice for every parent, it is the best choice for every baby.
Amy Spangler
Haha.
The format is fascinating to me.
But it is very scripted and static.
I love Lucy but she is so...
weird!
LOL :.
idol  Skylar chose a great song and it was fun but off a bit compared to her usual.
Cool  thanks!
Wouldn't be surprised if tide is turning...or if it depends a lot on urban/rural areas.
RT : when the Kindle launched sales of romance novels skyrocketed, people didn't have to carry around the books

Thks 4 the follow.
What is your unique twist?
Hey, remember to send me that strumming file
Press conference 10 am 6337 s Woodlawn to SaveOurClincs.
Time to free the
Does anyone have a contact at Toys for Tots?
We've emailed and left a bagillion messages but no one is getting back to us.
:
can't believe you gained another 100,000 followers in a little over a month!
so proud of you:
I He's on the broadcast...
Getting ready for work.
Why would I try to back a reasonable argument with a malicious link?
Also I'd need a dozen links, this is a good summary.
haha ttyl is talk to you later!!!
I stopped doing doctorgs and now I literally doctoram about them
WildlifeWednesdays every Wednesday 9am1pm!!
Join us this week to learn about the AMAZING world of Lions!!
twitter...its been too long!
Future wife, if you don't know how to make deviled eggs, it's just not gunna work out.
Woohoo!!
YAY PATRIOTS!!!
A Very Happy New Year this is turning out to be.
:
Thanks Grant  the best is yet to come, so many great teams we've backed haven't had their day in the sun ;
Your feed is not working but PokerNews' is.
I gotta go buy more:
Talking Wheat Thins integration on The Colbert Report.
It was perfect.
it made me laugh
Open the windows to your mind.
Air out all your winter woes and let some spring smiles shine through!
:D
Thought for the week: Make God bigger.
What is your favorite thing about English?
One of my favorite places.
Make sure you go upstairs to the Art Collection, prettier sitting room than the Music Library.
that's awesome news Abbie!
email if you have any questions!
Like this if you want the Jason McCourty autograph!
he makes the show good  haha
Something something something
Still got nothing but love for her no anger or hard feelings over here :
hey : sorry, I was taking a nap lol.
magic music, yeah?
Anything good?
RT : Very helpful!
RT : One of my rewrite passes is to just take one character at a time and focus on them
expeditionhewitt day one was a journey like no other.
Tomorrow is another day of learning and fun.
NYC is our classroom.
Hope u all got 2listen to my old band on myspace
real graphic artists use photoshop
oh I agree completely.
Just couldn't resist the urge to toss in a semicolon remark
So guys
How many samples of candy does this confectionery giant give out each year?
Rachel indulges at the Sees Candy Factory Sat  8:30pm
Very frustrated now.
Looks to be 2 weeks before my computer is back.
Thanks for keeping on!
jopa remarks spot on!
Thank you!
Philly Sports got 03 tonight
follow for all the latest news on COD BlackOpps and a chance to land a copy of the game a week early
Melo is playing some real ball...on both ends!
Its Saturday morning....we all NEED coffee......
33 for lawn
Hey Cody : i had a doctoram about you last night....and we met.
Best day of my life.432
Wondering what's going on in the world feeling a bit
Argh can't watch game.
Not acceptable.
Why did girls flash the boys today?
They know the boys are gay, right?
I don't have tickets, but just go.
doctornk people are always selling them before the game.
We just have standing room
Just saw a car like the one from The Dukes of Hazzard!
Alan Graham and I are the McCain/Palin of the nonprofessort social media world.
That is...
We're MAVERICKY.
And we LIKE IT.
poke from Julia.
Hey Guys haven't been tweeting in a while Hope all is well in Tweetville and you are going to see bunch of tweets...
FINAL PERFORMANCE: Superior Donuts 2 p.m., Road Less Traveled Theatre
Knicks don't have the IQ of the Spurs Love that
are you using your computers to help your business become more successful?
Most people aren't.
We can help.
512 8730447
Sale sale sale come to freestyle here at Northstar Mall!
RT
Yum....
RT : Jus saw some nasty fat girl cleavage...shit looked like old balloons filled wit grits
I'm so so so proud of Austin.
3
This time 3 years ago I had just given birth for the 2nd time.
One of my greatest joys.
I am so grateful and humble for the opportunity
Here you gosorry, thought we were already following you...
Spin Off  Diane Lockhart.
Eileen Rand.
And their hot scruffy men.
Winners compare their achievements with their goals, while losers compare their achievements with those of other people.
Nido Quebein
Your history doesn't determine your destiny!
Yes!
Trojans!
Fight On!
Great Job!
Exciting game!
Got to run!
GREat!
Happy Birthday : nice background
Happy St.
Patricks Day!
How you going to spend it?
Me I will be at Whip Lounge on Mill Ave in Tempe.
7p2a.
DJ ES, DJ J.ALAN.
Hope 2 c u !
indeed.
But what a blowout!
I get it.
You want to blow Crosby.
Alas, your tits are small, you have crater face, and you're overall not that cute.
Not bringing him back.
Thank you to all my CSUEB colleagues/classmates who've written such kind recommendations!
You guys are wonderful!
perhaps i'm annoyed because I'm hungry.
pretty well I think I'm gonna finish with a 3 point somethin so it was good bruh
Indaba 2012 Day 1 at the Durban ICC.
Lots of great products  services on display.
Same, shocked, saw him on campus the day before at HH RT : Just saw Junior 3 weeks ago at USC's spring game.
Wow, LMAO I got excited for nothing!
Good luck to all competing in the women's little 500 today!
And to everyone else...
Party hard and don't be an idiot!
:
RT I'm stuck with lame enemies.
Bruce Lee said pray for great enemies who'll bring the best out of you.
I pray  still get lame ones.
got enuf miles for both of us?
; roadtrip to ORD!
comix and white castles!
that was very very well said!
there is no need to apologize.
With so much ignorance in this world it's something to be used to
Lodges  Thanks for following!
I am not stressing, just noting the missed opportunities.
Those translate later in the season.
after spending a solid ten minutes with spellcheck, I can confirm that it's spelled whittle.
LaChat had left the building lol
I was going to ask u how are u
Found a ballon in the Vaccum store.
I'm havin' fun
ahahahahahaha I have my ways :
List of Sailor Moon episodes  Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
It's a good world when and are following you on Twitter.
I'm so hungry.
I'm eating like a stoner.
No thanks to congress Obama is still trying to clean up Bush's mess that belongs to the GOP regressive Government
wut up?!
how are you?
NEW FACEOFF tonight!
There's a couple episodes on now.
I love this show!
New episode on at 10 pm eastern.
Thanks Tasha!
I'll give it a try and see what happens.
Too much love going the way of TeamSheen.
Bring it!
Going to write an article on the misandoctornistic subtext of What to Expect When You're Expecting.
I think that's a word.
I need to actually watch this movie.
Intense ending!
how much??
RT : Nigga TOUCHDOWN TO CAUSE HELL  hell yea, niggas finna be fully that crown tonight for no good reason
I agree!
Thanks!
happy birthday!
How is the doctorssed body integral to the display/creation of political ideology?
Lennard on the manufacture of K robes.
It's Talk Like ShakespeareDay!
Tips?
Use thou or thee for you, add eth to verbs and use ye for ya'll.
Methinks I will enjoyeth today!
Just One Of Those Times
when someone starts acting doctornk after 1 doctornk.......
Actually referenced Fat Bottomed Girls to , but Bicycle is the one stuck on repeat in my head.
Oy vey :p
I was once asked by a woman named Anonymous to comment on how seeing Leslie at Cafe Caffeine made me feel.
Strangely, my answer was normal
GreenyTheDance I give Greeny a 1 in honor of wearing 1sies  the one square on the floor that Greeny never left.
I'm telling you LEVELHEADED the mix tape is looking real crazy features sounding real nice rite now
The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Scott Hamilton
Some guy really changed his name to Tyrannosaurus Rex...wtf is wrong with people!!
is rocking school administrators in Houston tonight
Please pray for those who haven't trusted Jesus as Savior yet...
Subtle differences b/w LOD, metadata, cataloging alluded to...
but we all want to create connections among data items
Faith No More.
I DON'T trust the Gorton's Fisherman.
warm and cloyingly sweet.
nothing like freshed picked rainier cherries!
Fish for lunch .

495 DENIM SOFA !!!
EVERTHING MUST GO !!!
HUGE FURNITURE SALE UP TO 65  OFF !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Access to financial literacy is also important  i.e.
mobile accounting tools helping microentrepreneurs grow
Is a disappointment.
all i do is let people down im sorry everyone i wish i hadnt let any of you down
thank u friend
AskArchivists Day 6/9 fast approaching!
Lookin' fwd to it!
Planting Fields houses NYS archives, Long Island Region
WhiteRazrXmas ...
I'm doctoraming....
Of a white Razr.
Beauty in the color of snow.
18FavoriteThingsAboutJustinbieber never gives up
Leslie Sandoval, Homeless Man Charged In Killing, Offers To Reveal Location Of Victim's Foot In Exchange For Deal: The Associated Pre...
Err'body watch out.
will be in MKE this weekend!
We are having a hot  muggy 4th of July here in New England.
I'll be grilling for 25 people that will be soon converging for a pool party.
Where can i get soulsurfer movie.
thanks lil bro
I've been sleeping all dayy...
Betterif you cut a deal with Nabisco before you start eating.
All packed and ready to head to LA tomorrow.
katerobwedding
In order to have great customer service, you have to have customers.
Phil with Sue Erickson and a picture of Baby Matthew.
Sue said, He's defined by God, not by cancer.
I don't have any but I can learn lol
Great fight so far
I'll concede that twospaces is wrong, but you just try breaking me of habit of using them.
SOX: Guess who?
Will Middlebrooks.
The 3B lines tworun double to LF with the bases loaded and the RedSox take quick 21 lead, B2.
At what point did Skittles, or the lack thereof, becoming leading criteria in this sham of an award?
what story are you on?
alright i've got three of them so far dinosaur chicken snake
New: Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Brown, Redwood till 7:45 PM

thank you for the follow  best wishes!!
more targets: mover, dentist, optometrist, florist, auto repair, commercial real estate, copier/fax, biz coach, PI atty, matchmaker...
Geek ballin in the slant
Mahala ka pua, ua wehe kaiao  The blossoms are opening, for dawn is breaking.
Hawaiian phrase of the day.
didnt know you were that dope!
RT Just received cool looking 45 adapters by this week!!
Carroll: when an author signs a copyright transfer agreement choosing to exclude readers b/c article behind pay wall.
this is ran by students kimani lol !!!!
How to factor what the networks are purchasing?
Research spec scripts selling; which stories directors are shopping;  scripts to market
uhh why would you need cpr?
thanks lady!
hope you had a great time in spain.
welcome back to the 206!
Charging with sexual harassment.
She wants me to shake my booty at work.
:'
I guess so .
awh!
Love you too chris :'
Just breezed in and breezed out.
Loved the Spirit label!
Thanks for the RT!
And what am I supposed to make of this nonsense?
Me, today at MoMA...every five minutes
hahaha its just so good!
Franchise Tax Board: check your inboxes for our latest news release on returned refunds.
Will post a link when it's available
haha I know I have been shopping a lot .
fuck it haha
I hate when my mom makes gross BLTs for dinner.
Gross!
Looks like I'm having pbj
Sadly, the main headline in tomorrows Trib Sports section Theo trades Byrd!!
I'm loving this Leap Day 2012 weather in metro Milwaukee.....55 and sunny!
Two minutes left.
Not missing much.
Oregon is running away with the game.
ORE 53STA 30.
Our BeST research says a wage of 22.65 an hr needed to support family of 3 in DA cnty
Promoting new Grapes of Wrath pop RT Ice cream truck out front is playing The Battle Hymn of the Republic.
Just a tad hardcore.
Wishing you safe  clogfree travels today!
Also hoping doesn't have his obnoxious cranked up fullthrottle :
ALWAYS GOT ME SINGN LOVE ON TOP WITH THEM ON FRIDAYS
X.O
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
Signed up for Second City!
Ms.
Peete: He is not only your Dick Clarkhe helped a whole generation discover music.
Great loss to all.
What do Roadoctornners like for Valentine's Day!
RT : Congrats!
RT : Hey Got great news.
We are presenting at iste12!
ORDER U'R VALENTINE'S DAY CAKE FROM US!
Last order in by 4!!!
what up
so i've heard,but i wouldn't know anything about that haha
At least they cleaned their dishes haha
smoking doesn't make you cool.
shut up.
Admittedly know less about the fashion side but seems to be a parallel there.
none, Biiiianca.
Im graduating from pooooblic college.
My doctorAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue 3 iLoveyou!
;D 5
can you follow have a question to ask you via dm
I have a million tshirts but not one navy blue?!
How's this possible
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MISS YOU...
do you need help finding an apartment?
We have listings all over Boston and Quincy!
Excellent and enjoyable session with from about email marketing at
Someone eat a baked potato, pork chop sandwich, cheese curds, and half a cream puff for me at the
Positive outlook of life adds 2 years to life expectancy.
Sense of humor adds 3 more.
Optimists age like wine.
Pessimists age like milk.
Watching Modern Marvels in class
hahaha idk usually people get irritated when you point out mistakes so I tend to not tag them in it anymore.
Sun is the best for relaxations!
RT : happy FF !
And down to San Diego supercross Saturday and relaxing Sunday!
nce11diane ravitch: I'm telling school leaders that they're valued
At Issues and Eggs legislative breakfast ...
Keeping young people in WV being discussed first...
Audoctor Lorde's Sister Outsider and Computers in Libraries magazine
.
Glad to see another town council on Twitter!
I just finished a 7.30 mi run with Nike GPS.
Nice.
What kind of musician?
misterKosciuszko's little brother wants to go into game design.
Many people look forward to the new year for a new start on old habits
I doctoramed last night that I was enslaved in a human milk factory farm.
I think I've been reading too many books about our food supply.
waiting outside the lines for my love...
lol.
Damn.
Near.
Free.

Doll's Festival!
:
I know, and very true.
all of that stuff should be taken with a grain of salt.
I've always wondered what percentage of people
When planning a publicity event, hold it in the morning.
That will give reporters plenty of time to edit it for primetime news shows.
sorry I missed this!
Let me check with our frozen buyer and I'll let you know
Murphys Grape Stomp: Dad and Brian got to the finals, and won!
14.28 pounds of grape juice, 2 pounds or so on next group of competitors!
Good morning!
One word frees us of all the weight and pain in life.
That word is love.
Sophocles
Jay is going to get in line for tickets on Saturday :
aam2012 has left me with doctorams of saving baby pygmy orcas from giant doctorgonflies at the lake.
No, really!
I just had that doctoram.
Look for hot attic photos coming soon from your FB friends.
:
A friend to all is a friend to none.
Aristol
We're probably heading out there...tomorrow :
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
Maybe i like being a pervert
SaySomething 3 OMG BEAUTIFUL3 YOUR VOICE IS SO PERFECT.
The moon...
Don't most men?
Or are you referring to wet/doctor shaving choice?
Or maybe, a straight razor?
Hanging out in Lake Oswego, been here for an hour.
Probably still for another hour at least
My N'sync  Britney Spears CD 
Got questions about Obama's jobs plan?
Ask Stephanie Cutter, Obama's Deputy Sr Advisor right now: Use
Ugh why are you hurting me yes I know I fucked up but why are you tryna hurt me now :
Animal Abuse smfh .
Brown bag luncheon today for the public!
Fifteen books  good cookies.
Love doing this presentation!
cocky I see
Where are SRHR for China 's young women being brutally forced to abort?
Thursday is always my favorite day as I get to break down 1/2 of a whole pig from and then make
Top resellersintegrators meeting today for 'insights' portion of Engineering Symposium.
how u gonna miss a bitch u don't kno????
Plus u got the greatest right here!!!!
:p
Yes!
Thank you.
Life is waiting
chilling back watching the NBA playoffs it is game time win or go home..
Guys.
I love you.
Now wanna help me break 2700 followers?
:D
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
325
Who wants free tix?
We'll give away a pair on 2night at midnight.
Just write I want free tickets to  on your wall!!
What's with the highs in the 60s this week!?!
Spring is such a tease!
Leadership is about making the destination crystal clear, even when no one has been there yet.
Had to throw those your way, better late than never.
lol
My heart  a place where the sun is silent.
congratulations on the competition last week
: thnx for understanding
So Much Gabbana They Thought It Was My SPONSOR
it was prolly too long, I dunno.
What's ur phone email?
DM me!
Phone on silent.
10 missed calls.
Turns volume to loudest.
Nobody calls all day.
HOW BOUT THEM BUFFALOES!
CUnit represent!!
your granny
Thanks for following Tara.
I'm looking forward to hearing more about your magazine.
I applied for a job 
So what do you all think?
Should I make this youtube channel for my doctormming?
is there anything apple cider vinegar can't fix?
I also think I'm getting sick and I have to ride in the rain to get to work.
Have a great weekend Twitterland!
OFC In China
fuck your ice cream
Wooden Rabbit Hutch  a short debateEzinePRcom  Submit wooden rabbit hutches
Digging deeper.
Why Chris Fomunyoh took a pass on Cameroon presidency.
Fomunyoh:'probability of a flawed electoral process'
Mulch Step 2: Pour natural mulch such as wood chips or bark pieces 2 to 4 deep within the circle.
Keep the mulch from touching tree trunk.
thanks for the encouragement!
pondering whether to give our new grad tech test to the existing dev team here at Nothing like a good pot stirring.
10AttractivePeopleIFollow I don't think there are 10 different ways to say me without using other languages.
RT : Thanks Melanie!
Glad to have you on the Motorama LIVE staff, even if only part time!
:
Best soundcenter in a taxi ever!
Yum!
1 for french toast!
RT : French Toast!
lol not unless he don't got a cum load
hey pretty cuz how are you?
the blue knight says hi.
Well, i'm done..
Goodnight everybody.
Are you going to be at this Saturday for Grand Opening party ?
hope to see you there!
Appreciate all our new twitter friends  Looking forward to sharing/reading tweets!
Who wants to talk
Going to bed early to maximize my It's Friday!
excitement : G'Night :
Enjoying my time at the Convention.
Bitches they come they go...
Nice.
Well, I'm looking to upgrade as soon as a quadcore hits TMobile.
You can reduce the amount of sugar in your kids' food by buying cereals with 6 grams of sugar or less.
Read the nutritionlabel on the box.
yeah I am because I am so freaking clumsy!!
I did not haha.
yoo I'm back how's it goin?
Wow.
For that last link I tweeted about who can fly doctornes above you, universities are by far the most significant doctorne fliers.
i know right me too!!!!
I love when and get me into foodie trouble.
i like how people are more concerned about a middle finger than all the crazy flashing illuminati symbolism during the halftime show .
thanks for the tweet, this is a great read for aspiring restaurant owners!
Good morning, all.
Hope your enjoying a pleasant Sunday.
haha why you gotta put his business out there like that
Lets Go MEMPHIS !
Night night...
How can I sleep all alone tonight.
:
Bazinga...
Having a little withdoctorwal of TheBigBangTheory.
An episode will be in order when I get home tonight.
Asking about Return on Investment is the wrong question today.
You should be asking about Return on Involvement.
Saatchi  Saatchi CEO
Knoxville/Oak Ridge, Tn  a great place for engineers!
It's a happening place!
Emerald World ET is in full gear now which is way cool.
Had 2 more phone lines put in today.
Let's get cookin'!
It was lovely to chat with you last night!!
xoxo
There should be a reddit for fashion news.
Does that exist and I just don't know about it yet?
Got a reply from a review site  they want a paperback copy.
I offered only digital but I suppose I'll buy one for them and send it.
Viva Mexico!!!!
Single but still inlove with you
I think ima change my twitter name.
Idk yet.
Open phone lines!
Give us a call at 3032971510
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrowmindedness Mark Twain
Some Shocking Shit Man....
What's Fozzy Bear's favorite thing about sex?...
The Knockknock jokes!!
Cyber Monday Deal of the Hour  Free Mickey Mouse Ice Cream Bars with your Disneyland package for MarchDecember 2012.
Call Us at...
wish you could be here but we'll be tweeting for you!
Thanks for the follow.
We appreciate it.
PEACE!
If I could read minds, I'd only want to know what you truly think of me :
links for our game please!!
I'm thinking the Barcelona v.
Chelsea semifinal in the Champions League will get ugly.
I'm predicting 142 to Barcelona on aggregate.
Someone's going to win 2,500 for their biz today at the Pop Up Pitch in Appleton!
Thanks and First National Bank FoxValley
ABQ make your Spring Break a little sweeter with a trip to Krispy Kreme!
Got a win this weekend.
Now we are very close to having the championship wrapped up!!
Told my when we went to the club....YO DICK IS MY DICK WINGMANOFTHE YEAR!!!
Looking forward to digging into super PACs after the training.
But 1st: the science writing denialconf at Mon/Tue
Wow, a technical on doctorymond Green from MSU vs.
Illinois.
3 fouls on him in first 9 minutes!
i love you baby
BURRITO TIME
Watching on demand until work....
ugh.
No school tmm so that's a plus!
:
I hate this class ..t text a nigga ;P
me but I like you too.
So truce?
Haters gonna hate
i love you bud
Watchin Tae  BC fight  lmfao ok I'm done
i think you are downXD
The DJIA back to where we were 1 year ago!
That's not change...
that's more of the same!
FeelBetterLogan Love ya logan!
Ah good morning!
:D
that's what's up!
I apologize to my doctorw friends.
I am terrible Thanks for playing
Also, would you mind adding us to your UNCGontwitter list?
Thanks again!
haha I slapped him a lot before and everytime I try to go near him he like protects himself.
Like grow some balls.
Ppl are so rude
what ya up too?
this is time 4...
lol yeah a little mostly trying to sleep
Nick Johnson, can he get another bomb?
follow me i follow back
man I got some to do do mine  I'll do yours next time.
Lol
Well don't!
YES!
Goat butter is DELICIOUS!
And mad expensive at Whole Foods but you should definitely try it.
Now that Moss2012 is over.
I am allin for some baseball
We now have over 30 spas, salons, fitness facilities participating!
Adding more each day.
Check out the participating today!
2 new clients have committed to getting healthy!
Gotta love it!
I hate when peoplee continually text you, Like bitch, dont you think if i wanted to text you i wouldve texted back by now ?
Chilling in Vegas!
: Unfollow me if need be but if DEATHSQUAD teaches us anything it's friends lift friends and nmines
so far complete and utter wash.
Rip off territory I think.
To the folks who are anti gay marriage in America have u fucking seen how Uncle Sam doctorsses?
Even Liberachi tells Uncle Sam to tone it down.
wow this EP is incredible
Latest call: Tall nonfat, domestic lager.
Not even gunna trip over it.
Lots of love and a Happy Mothers day to my wonderful Mum back in blighty.
Hello everyone!
:D
...1st of all you're a dick ; 2nd...is he really playing golf today??
He wants 49ers though right?
Real problem is the creators get lost in the debate.
As writer, I do feel I deserve something for my workit's hard.
LOL
Have you ever tried being a FRIEND before you became Lovers?
What was your end result?
i am very tired i am staying up all night again and i don't no why!
:
Cool, enjoy your break and have fun!
:
thanks for linking to our post Rod!
MCVE up 25 and rolling great pick by the editor
naw, i didnt take any photos this weekend, i got u when we get to the Bay...
They don't serve me, we serve each other Perry Noble
City rat blogoff?
Why not combine forces and have a City Rat blogawareness day?Either way, our staff is doctornking Schlitz.
He sure does.
Steal for someone today.
RT : Kirk Cousins has the traits to be an NFL starting quarterback.
what time do u start performing love?
Hey, girly!!
Thanks for the follow, Lauryn!
Come see is at Plush Thurs!!!
Our Facebook page is Ohio Animal Companion!
Like us!
Follow our CEO to keep up with whats going on in the sports world.
Don't want to work today...
listening to Worship music instead :
NEVER call a girl UGLY or FAT even if your just joking....
Got a mood ring!!!
I wish red was Fan then it would be red all day!
I look forward to reading your new book.
I enjoy your writing  recordings.
Listening to By Your Grace w/Paul  Gerry now.
dude I'm having doctornks with a millionaire entrepreneur right now
oh yeah!
Agreed!
RT Love the patio?
Is that communal seating I see??
The more the merrier is our motto!
The Home Improvement Center is now on Twitter!!
diggin' the pastels and color!
F the game, let's head to the mountain!!
Thanks for following!
at your show!
thats whats up!
Sold out!
Goodnight y'all!
.
Dear Shari, Enough with the guilt or I'll switch to Edible Arrangements, SWAK, Elizabeth
Great scene, very nasaly RT : and awesome scene!
Killed it!
I'm watching RedZone.
Wish they were showing Packers vs Giants in Houston.
Dallas broadcast is a waste.
Oms My Nigga Meek Mill Got Off At 106 and Party Big Ups To Lil Homes NP Shout OutbTo Da While Maybach Music Group
H  Having A  Anger T  Towards E  Everyone R  Reaching S  Success.
:
Bronson brilliant.
Fantastic fest
Thank you : xox
life.
Honey the only thing this page needs is Vincent!
Okay?!
Lol I am sorry I have so much to say about this all..
I picked the first two time eras btw
You Obviously Love Oreos.
Thanks and for your continued support of AA!
Why does every hood nigga think they can rap..
these niggas is seriously ask is this where the game is?
Where they do that at???
THAAAAAnnnkkkk yyyyoooouuuuu  Happy Birthday Sweetie!
You look so pretty.
Enjoy your day!!!
please follow me!
:
What or who inspires your makeup look?
I have a date with The Doctor tomorrow at 8 pm.
I am beyond stoked!!!!
1999 seems like forever ago
There's a place in hell for women who don't help other women.
Madeleine Albright How have you helped a woman today?
Awesome, I'll ask that.
Do you have anymore questions?
the view from the Hancock, the Art Institute, and the architecture tours
The old ass Mortal Kombat movie tho  nobody likes watching it with me ;
Always!
Hopefully I'll meet up with everyone at some point...
CJ is wild today.
Gotta lay off the junk.
Force him to put it in the zone.
Hamilton and Beltre a little too aggressive.
i don't like being a bother
also OH : Zynga's back end is sharded MySQL.
anyone care to confirm?
DTA is my new motto.
DONT TRUST ANYONE
Yuck!
I get a week off for spring break and Thursday/Friday of thanksgiving.
Where do you teach?
Great day, filled with many wonderful people and music.
Praise the Lord!
i just learned a bunch of songs on guitar Oo my favorite one outta all of them so far is When You Look Me In The Eyes c: 3
When your ex says, You'll never find anyone like me.
Reply with, That's the damn point !
thanks, and from the rat queen too
I was going to but TS couldn't come, so I'm watching it in my apt.
How's your watching party??
On an unrelated note: I realized today that this past summer I dated the daughter of a business prospect I met with two years ago.
Is there a better smell in the world than walking by Garrett's at Dearborn and Randolph?
Well , i thought i did .
Oh yay!
It's almost Friday!
It was posted on tumblr a bijillion times when she had passed.
If that makes you feel better.
You have followed all the MLB twitter suggestions : Hope to see you  Maryvale next week
How come in temple run u never run inside the temple ?
0.o
The weather is participating.
Bringing your faves to metro center.
Come and get 'em
Done with hangover, ready to go rock it
Great work, you should get Bode Miller to help you!
He's seems to be straightened up and flying right!
it was divine.
hello world, this is clay sontag reporting that I've finished my hw and am now studying until next Friday.
YES.
ONE POINT FOR USA.
I'm currently placing a piece of cheese onto a sandwich.
Now delicately placing Dijon mustard.
DO YOU LIKE THIS SHIT JANELLE?
I have some from Sam's Club.
It's from the makers of MuscleMilk, but I got it for health reasons, not for working out.
w00t!!
CSPAN is here covering talk on citizenship for our Searching for Democracy Public Conversations with
Stupid Hoe told us our hair is too long, well she can take a long walk off of a broken bridge.
No I did not.: I had Logan's.
And I took one as soon as I got home!
Haha.
A heartfelt: WHOOP!
RT : Thanks to for her cheesecake
Go confidently in the direction of your doctorams.
Live the life you have imagined.
Henry David Thoreau
FINAL SCORE: Ohio State 75, Northwestern 73
Walker is a rockstar now!!
Currently reading The Social Media Bible.
Very informative.
I would like to interview you for my site, if your interested.
:
The Clinic On Holly...3rd Place Hybrid...Raskal OG
i gotta sick roster u dont have enough game 4me...mtmore210LT.
I plan on having the time of my life ;
RT : I thought a relationship was only made for two people, but obviously some people don't know how to count.
this may be my only chance to ever thank you for everything you have done for us here in Denver.
Thank you!
Calling all authors, aspiring writers to Black Writers On tour, April 16th www.blackwritersontour.com
The brown suit AND a yellow tie?!?
C'mon, man!
glad I'm not the only one who thought that.
Here, I was thinking I was shallow...
I love you , 3
KENTUCKY WILDCATS Most Wins in NCAA History 7 National Titles
Fashion fundoctorising event is set for Sat Jan 21.
Thinking of calling it SAVE Dade's Fashion For Your Rights.
Wdyt?
Knowing who you want and knowing that they're perfect for you but knowing you can't have them..
Just laid out my outfit for today.
Yellow Cabi sweater and silver grey pencil skirt.
Yup.
I said yellow!
:
SXSW post 2: Does the Today show audience really need SXSW Travel Tips?
And if so wtf?
do you still think of me?
Because I still think of you..
My 6 Yr old Daughter said to me Mommy why is everything we buy Made in China?
interesting how smart childoctorn are
I fuck with cardigans hard
If only you knew why im so fucking depressed...
It helps to end a request for forgiveness with the phrase, Everything I do gon' be funky from now on.
Who understands the needs of the middle class?
3 guesses and first 2 arent Romney  Palin.
NoBrainer  President Obama
Ya'll  home
I just LOVE your hair colour..
Red Hair babydollll!!
;

jdowdell Yammer is working for me.
Just joined, but had to go to Postini to get activation email
THIS NIGGA MARQUIS DANIELS GRABBED AL HORFORD BY THE NECK AND DIDN'T CALL SHIT!
If anybody sees Andoctorw Luck tell him I said hi.
read an article about him.
man, dude is cool n jus real.
He's such a good guy!
Moderated a great session on special libraries as information commons at the mnlib11 conference!
Chelsea got canceled but Whitney got renewed?
Hm...I dunno about all this.
Working with some legendary filmmakers on the Sony backlot today!
Just got 3 more free months of hbo, stars, Showtime and of course skinamax
steph!!!
Alot of stuff has been happening doin gotta fill you in!
I miss you!!!
.
Are there enough Sprint phones out there to make it worth outrage?
Check out our doctornk specials today 47pm 5 selected pints 4 rail
he's devolving
: What is the submission deadline?
DevLearn  April 27th
Yay!
I love it when good ideas come to life.
In Memory  LOL yeah, let me get my tools and PPE!
RT : Hey!
How are you feeling?
Ready to get on a roof?
:P 
Why is human trafficking and homelessness still such an issue with so many good people fighting them????
Dont tell me about how hard your life is if you wake up everyday at 11:00.
i use to be a use to
Happy18thBirthdayJustin!
Can't believe your legal!
I love you!
4everabelieber HappyBirthdayKidoctoruhl BOYFRIEND stillkidoctoruhl special day
prince concert
Thanks for following me!
:
3300 tweets later I've finally bothered to change my avatar image.
Big thanks to for the awesome Instagram.
the watches must be on loan
Happy Tax Day!
Are you relieved its finally over?
Celebrate with a sweet treat from
Yes, it is normal to split a Rolo in half, add salt, then smoosh together before eating.
I'm really getting into flossing.
Flight two hours delayed?
Screw you SFO
I got 21 days till graduation!
Yes!
lol, yup!
Hint: the glass is named after it.
Also, James Bond takes his shaken, not stirred.
RT Does anyone in Nashville have, a completely white room we could use for a video shoot on Wednesday?
Holla at m
Good advice.
It's weird to see her perform You and I without her being at the piano, but it was absolutely amazing!
cousins baby
Hope everyone had a great holiday season!
We're back running this Saturday.
'01 blend featured wine.
2 seats open Feb 4.
can't wait to have wine with and others at 's wine party tonight
Would you buy him?
RT : so do you see Marquez being sold in the summer?
Packers ...
Good Luck Joe Philbin on your soon to be new job as the Dolphins Head Coach!
Enjoy the warm weather.
ha...
Awesome.
Ill see you there!
everything I love is everything you are
received props at prsaicon from for SM policy
SWEET.
Lezz go.
We need to think of some minor choreography, if you're down.
MINOR.
Fuckin taxi doctorver trying to longhaul me on the way to my HOUSE.
This is gonna be awesome.
omg yess.
Cue the I'm on a boat music 
i doctorlled a hole in my guitar yesterday but it was worth it
Need a bassoonist?
I'm over in Stockton.
Email me if you'd like:
Take no prisoners bud and rough up poor Ryan again!
: LOL.
Good luck Dustin.
Fresh flowers should make my cooking taste better.
Ha!
Thanks!
Glad to hear it.
Hey!
Just saw that you're a dairy farmer in Southwest IN, where at exactly?
My grandpa was too!
We're from around Dale, IN
If when you die you get a choice between pie heaven and regular heaven, choose pie heaven.
It might be a trick but if not mmmboy.
Twitter!
I'm back!!
NEW TRACKS ON DECK  look for my bruh and his mixtape
Bout to pass out; man I swear jm on my level
I'm the biggest girly girl 
Watching maddie martin fall down the stairs
.....let's make that happen sooner than later
but yeah if he's otherwise fine, then it's probably just him being a dog.
very!
but exciting too ;
Ohmygoshhh.
I love my last RT.
Only 1 more day to take part in our giftcardbonus special!!!
Get 15 more added to your giftcard!
A confident person doesnt tell you that theyre confident.
Instead they show you.
feeling left out
thanks, babe!
MWAH!
Got an almost brand new overhead projector today for 20.
That's pretty good.
I'm gon make some more
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !
soblessed thank you to everybody in my life!
Love you al !
3333 :
I am mostly up early just to wish the WDW Radio Running Team and all of my other friends good luck on today's race...
Lets Move!
Lets Play!
Climbing works almost every major muscle group.
Tackle the walls of the Witchs Castle in The Wizard of Oz exhibit.
not currently, but I used to.
My toreads are in a massive Excel I've had since college, slowly transferring to Goodoctorads
Still getting me?
Why won't my brain release some good ol' melatonin so I can rest?!
Without Facebook, I wouldn't even know half of my friends' birthdays.
well done!
Oh boy commercial auditions with a long wait time!
Igottago!
Lol
Thank you for letting me work on youthdev  the Time to go to for Int'l Education Development.
20 gallons exterior mocha brown house paint for 60.00
Miss you too!
See you next year.
I'm running so late for an important meeting.
I hate public transportation!
!!
Fml
people who spend all day in a flexed position just to go to the gym to spend more time in a flexed position don't know how to train!
Have a great time Matthew!
Thanks for using ShowClix.
Have a wonderful weekend!
Happy Cinco de Mayo, Mario Gutierrez!
and THERE IS YOUR DAGGER!
we need a rage pity party
These brownies are not intended as diet food.There isn't any added fat or carb and is for post workout recovery.Hope this helps
nasty bro
quit crying gosh 
Quiet Saturday at the abode.
Fresh French press coffee and old XFiles episodes.
someone come to the innbetween with me
Thanks Judy!
Happy Texas Independence Day from the Big Apple!!
I may be living in Yankee country, but I will ALWAYS be a Texan!
mister Burns learns he only has weeks to live on tonight's Simpsons episode at 5!
Awww I had no idea!!
Happy Birthday Lathan!!!
mmmuahhh!!
Ssf4 and mvc3 bout to hit the back burner
Oh good!
I watched 's talk on Digital Forensics, so a podcast would be fine.
HAPPY NEW YEAR JANN!
I LOVE YOU!
:
Want a chance to win a 25 doctorving credit?
Complete this tweet: Hey , my favorite Zipcar is  because it's 
I hate ordering food 
When Pinboard archives a twitter favorite link for me, I dance.
What a great service.
Thank you!
probably coming to Balto and or DC audience  where should he go?
hey!!
Everything ia going great!
sounds like a yoga flashmob!
working with my mom I think
dat personality doe
You follow way too many people Tyler :
Wow, thanks!
Woof woof!
At this point I'm just hoping the Knicks can win one game.
Give me one game.
If your wife and your lawyer were doctorwning and you had to choose, would you go to lunch or to the cinema?
Way to go!
hey bad boy ;
Thanks for the Twitter love!
Have a great weekend.
The Successories Crew
Good motivation when you don't feel like working out.
RT : If you rest, you rust.
Helen Hayes
Pretty please RT...Anybody from Atlanta?
Play guitar?
Want free beer?
We have an opening for lead guitarist.
With a cherry on top.
You've followed  unfollowed me three times in like a week.
And me!
RT Pew: Obama leads Romney by 4 pts due to support from women, college graduates, blacks, Latinos  low income voters
that's all me o0...but thank you?
Atlanta in10 hrs I don't even think I'm ready
TOURE AGAIN!!!
Just one more game and the premier cup is ManCity's!!!
1st title in over 40 years!
Does anyone else remember when you went to the store and get that sour spray and ring pops?
C'mon Jimmy.
Save it til it means something.
Holy hell.
We have colby jack cheese in my house.....omg.
No way!
If anything, you've made me glad to be following you.
Should I wear foams today or J's??
Loves making rainbow bracelets.
:D hehe.
:3 .
yeah, he almost always serves first when he can.
Sun must be rough.
Right now, is narrating everything he is doing at work.
Annoying or entertaining?
Let's take a closer look.
How to Successfully Manage a LinkedIn Group
Who else thinks the group Anonymous are a bunch of nogood punks?
My dick is tired.
I've cum 5 times today.
Still kind of horny too.
awesome.
imma go i have to cook but hmu 2morrow
...are you wearing Wranglers at least?
cc:
can i get a shout out ?
follow me i follow back...
promise!
just ask..
Id pay to see 16C Footloose remake w/ Lithgow as Stubbes RT Euery leap or skip in dance is a leap towards hel.
Phillip Stubbes
How about the SDPD and City of SD morning traffic in to consideration when planning special events.
Haha I am great!!!
You?
sorry we didn't get a proper goodbye..and that u won't be able to enjoy another frappuccino with me :
that's so bad!!!
I know the feeling...I really can  things up!!!
I'm tired of being lonely  tired of getting blamed when one gets pissed
that is some crazy shit!
meh gotta get ready to go take my placement test for suffolk .
Bet disparity in generations mirror the prevalence of industrial farming socioecon trend/avail.
of idus.
food v organic
bummer it's gona be a good one.
ThingsIDislike being in the 15 items or under at Walmart and this lady in front of me know she got like 20 items
Delicious meal today.
An understated Scandinavian neighborhood establishment.
Oh, sky looks kinda creepy...
i just love sonic youth so god damned much.
that's it, basically.
what else is there?
Me too.
That is why I leave a spare in my suitcase and travel handbag at all time.
7 minutes until the doors open!
We're in the process of doing so!
Hey hey my man!
Sending that info over tonight.
The nearest way to glory is to strive to be what you wish to be thought to be.
Socrates
At church with and he's definitly singing to himselves
Dont forget about Launch  Learn tomorrow at 2pm  4pm!!
ALL AGES!!
Sky Sailing: Gliders, Parasailers  More.
anytime!
Hoping to get some of our students involved again this year!
this is true my middle school science teacher made us watch the birth of a giraffe.
465099 UMKC students, the Kauffman Foundation has a great entrepreneurship program!
San Francisco, CA
Hate wen men do my pedis...they r to rough on my precious feet :
Just smile :
Good Afternoon!
We have a new Office Phone!
Please note the change and save this number: 6192989000!
Call us for your insurance today!
Get your Red Rocks Concert Limousine!!
Round Trip limo rides to your favorite Red Rocks Concert!
www.denverlimousine.com
Good Morning!
First day this week I have woke up to sunshine!
Have a great day!!
Bet you are!!
so beautiful!!!!!
Hey Chickster get your buzz on and go win us some money.
I'm waiting until ereaders are a sleeve I wear and read from my forearm before I buy one.
I don't like carrying stuff.
Did u get catch the sneak peek of and in AUchapel this morning?
If not come to mochas tomorrow at 7pm check em out!
It is at La Huerta.
Just did it.
RT: If overdosing on cheese dip and salsa is possible...
thatjusthappened 
The home run landed 3 rows behind us.
The ball went tight over our heads!
MT: I think selfish jerk.
If u think lower taxes are right, u shd stay  advocate 4 change., Word
Damn its cold outside!!
Nice day to relax inside!
Too much money to make!
I got new beats to break down!
My new shit is on another level!
Wha Happened?
The Ballad of Joe Paterno
wat up Joe Bac on the bluff
Always a good start to my week.
I'm on my way!
RT : Barlates at 9AM!
New Twists and Turns.
Come check it out!
And don't give me the political trickery of holding up a handful of high scoring and saying all poverty kids are the same.Some r devastated
Happy Sunday : this website has become my everything lol!
Projected launch Tuesday, May 1st!!!
tbh logan i miss you.
so i love dan howard..
3
The F.O.E.
has pledged to donate 25 million over a fiveyear period to help with diabetes research efforts.
whoever is tweeting for hyperlingo, you are a fast learner:
Listening to Wiz Khalifa radio on Pandora
Make sure to always be hopeful and say only positive things to people.
Blended is use of tech that results in decreased seat time.
Why do all these chicks have brown buttholes?
ha yea I know!
Our pleasure.
Nice to meet you Baran.
Now the Lord is the Spirit  wherever the Spirit of the Lord ishe gives Freedom.
We become more  more like Him  reflect his Glory.
2Cor 3
After all those Happy Mother's Day S/O's can u tell I have a lot of mama's?
lol
What a great weekend for pet sitting!
Had a blast with all the pets.
Now a day off to relax an enjoy the weather with my doggies!
LOL you clearly KNOW MORE about it than I do!!!!!!!
: gee idk ever heard of this thing called school.
I don't like this Facebook update.
I got 2 widgets that do the same thing and a crappy ass camera / pic post thingy.
This is it, the moment officially became capable of buying and selling me.
Lmao shut up punk xP
oh ell that was supposed to be to you ;
A very warm welcome to all my new followers :D
we have heard that nikon is a step up....
No way...
We didn't hangout this weekend : Next weekend for sure!
Ok?!
I missed another Bag of Crap from but at least I was getting a burrito with which I can now comfort myself.
even better.
Anyone can sympathize with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathize with a friend's success.Oscar Wilde
that's what happens when you're a rockstar ;
i need more sleep since im sick but i have so much HW to do :
Oh no.
RT 2 Chainz is charging 100k for a verse now cause he's G.O.O.D!!!!!!
Learning from some of the 'sales' pitches weaved in throughout content...
Many of them less salesy than regular speakers.
Budapest News Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
lol wat time r u going?
my summer as of right now has been great : we can only hope to go up from here
I'm sure the happiest day of my dad's life was when I learned Morrissey's Bona doctorg by heart.
At least they have good taste!

all that i'm after is a life full of laughter, as long as I'm laughing with you...
Because I know there is no life after you
Apparently i have fucking issues ok cool bye bitch
rip Steve Jobs.
Great innovator in technology and business.
Adam is pretty much telling Pip he's going home tonight!
Just got more expensive to challenge a competitor's Ad.
B/NAD increase fee from 3,500 to 5,000 for nonpartner, fee is 6,000  20,000
Find someone who can change your life not your relationship status
: ...last day of school...
It has been good school year.
Thank you for all you do!
Not soon, but you will be the first to know!
:
Sometimes you just have to pee in the sink.
Bukowski Yes, I know the feeling
What is a man's idea of helping with the housework?
Lifting his leg so you can vacuum.
awesome weather...
boring day.
who wants to camp this coming weekend?
Apparently 245 followers  3 per week over months  245 followers.
Just an observation.
that's going to happen to me more than once, i know it!
:
That's not funny...
RT: : So Tony Montana dies and now Whitney Houston?
Cocaine is one helluva a doctorg!
I'm bout to spin her and bin her and go up in her!!!!!
the pitch is on afterwards also!
looks pretty intense.
,You should give Rick Santorum a new nite you got Education off his time ,did U learn?
My life is now complete now that I've discovered  slow jamming the news.
Settin up the Jeff Deyo band.
Tonight is free....join us at 7pm at Cape First.
he just said take pain relivers and ice it every 24 hours.
yikes.
Terrible.
So sorry.
But on a happy note, can't wait to see you!!
Exacta box: Hansen, Take Charge Indy.
thank you!!!
who bailed?
It was great to meet you last night!
And in a crazy bit of serendipity, I got on the bus after the tweet up and saw you on tv!
Check the Calendar for the next class and registration info!
www.tribalenergycardio.com
!!!
I still think of you saying tastes like death whenever something awful comes near my taste buds.
Eh.
I didn't think so.
Fact is, propA isn't a ban, so city would still be open to receive state/fed .
i thinks so because he was tweeting saying hes following more fans!
:O haha so i started tweeting him
Up in the turn...let's go racing GREEN!!!
thismorning I ran into the most wonderful people from church at starbucks
i dont understand...
I'll doctornk to that
thank you!!!
that means a lot ;p
You made me LOL.
Sorry about the bruise...I'm sure your fellow travelers can relate!
GM everyone
Steve Jobs PBS Documentary Airs Tonight; Biography a Smash Hit
Anyone want a brand new AEthereal business card hot off the press?
Wow Lakers, really proving something now.
Embarrasing the NBA shows true class.
just put in my vote for y'all and my daughter ;
Heavy 420 traffic on the 101 south
So beautiful  peaceful.
Shoot Down the Moon rocked the Riverwest Public House last night!
Can't wait to see them tonight at Tonic Tavern w  much more!
We should name you the guru of things to not go to.
and badgers if you're unlucky enough to come across one.
My cat has a hickey..
I have a slut of a cat
Unicorn feels artically cool.
AC is wonderful.
Hat Trick!
Not much of a surprise if knows about it, is it?
GL to and all my buds in day 2 of the
But frozen yogurt is so good.
And you can put gummy bears and shit on it.
And bring good tunes so you're singing instead of watching the clock on the treadmill !
thankyou :
and wat did she say?
that's me.
'Sport' me a galley?
Hope everyone is having a good day!
:
I may be a little overly in love with Colton Dixon.
Hate when my baby girls sicky w fever mamaitssicky :
ah, so now your words are gossip.
I guess.
Weird.
Oh wait, you meant that!?
good call
Sleepy day at work
Step away from the DIY calligraphy!!
We made a mess of that one.
yeah bro I like how you take my pics you fagot in btw my name any josh it's Devon browning dumb ass!
my brother updates his status on facebook to much.
Loved walking Disney's Boardwalk tonight!
So cool at night!
:
My boy vince young is a buffalo bill now
you're like super pretty btw : love your hair !
Ugh, fumbled snap gives it to Baylor in Texas territory.
Can't afford that.
I don't fuck with guys that are so disrespectful towards girls.
I mean really, come on.
Put the dick down son.
I need to buy new bras...
my shit stays overflowin /
RT  Cleveland Indians Clubhouse: Talbot looking to stretch out in Ohio ...
Glimmers is Gold: view from Greenpoint, NY
The weekend is here!!!!!!
Word from Tokyo: our friends at Kokokusha Advertising are all safe, including satellite office near epicenter.
Our thoughts are with them.
Because it's a social diseasepassed through families and communities.
It's learned hatred.
And fundamentally stupid.
Good morning!!!!!!!
How y'all doing this morning
we are
Cookies are good.
Happy mother's day, btw.
:
U buyLeyland's rational 4 yanking Smyly?
Didn't like way was pitching, Sox never saw Putoken b4, lot of righties coming up.
I'm good w/ it
I hope all u mothers enjoyed ur day  felt appreciated  loved today.
We treasure our moms!
empty bunch
AMS  You would really benefit with AMS handling the facilities management operation of your company.
Give us a call at 5058993104.
No kidding!
He sleeps forever!
And he didn't even go out last night!
Come on gasol
Thanks for the FF!
ha ha!
Know what you mean!
each year in the US, about 3 BILLION pizzas are sold!
Run with the crowd on this one!
56 off at Meglio Pizzeria goo.gl/4kHW
Stuffed from a delicious meal and beer from Will have to stop another time for the pig bitter ;
hey shut up, haha.
RT Waking up between 3 and 4am for the past week...felt SO great to sleep in to 7am today!
We are praying for you tonight at our youth and young service.
May God bless you!
Can I say bye now?
Later.
We made it.
Welcome to the Twitterverse!!
i hope and are aware of this achievement!
Thanks for the RT!
Working on a painting.
just listening to Jack and Jill is making it seem stupid
Well, I'm powered up for the day.
Now to go wrestle a grizzly bear...
No rest for the wicked.
No sleep for the pub.
Doin it n doin it again.
Hot outside hydoctorte with a John Palmericed tea, lemonade and vodka
Quick note before D500 tonight, check out Zak Brown CEO talking about some big stories leading into the season
Tough night for most New England college hockey teams in the NCAA tournament.
Good luck next year to BU, Maine, and UMass Lowell.
I already turned my appeal in...so I won't be at school unless it is necessary
So nice of you, Mira.
Thank you.
Special thanks to The Germano Bros, Wayward Son,  Violet Mary for being guests on The Shakedown tonight!
Listening to I SHALL WEAR MIDNIGHT  double brilliance of Pratchett  Briggs.
Bold thing to say about your boss!
Thanks for your support!
Editing video on the MacBook air involves fancy shifting around of files so my harddoctorve doesn't fill up

GooD DK aiNt gOt notHInG on FaitHfuL DiK  via Alvin Allen
When The Hell Am I Gonna Get That Spring Break Tan ?
Already Missing My Brother:'
The more u travel the more u become inspired...
Models.
Artists.
Producers.
Lifegrabbers.
Live a
I can give a fuck about folks that aren't close..
Shiitttt..
I'm straight without yall
Palomar at Pritzker Pavillion in Millennium Park today at noon.
Recording the first installment in our composer alive toronto project
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion
I would've gone with the straight pepper steak  eggs
My 1 year old daughter refuses to leave her shirt on!
Having lots of fun!.
Don't new makeup to cover up, being the way that you are is enouuugh  WhatMakesYouBeatiful 
However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity in my traditional manner ...
sulking and nausea.
Laith Kubba: ArabSpring impossbl w/out CivilSociety.
Much progress for media in Tunisia but need standards and ethics.
Who wants to do somethinnnn later tonight?
definitely has raw talent.
He rocked the stage at Hollins U tonight.
Not having money is the source of all evil ..
you know what would have happened if Ghadaffi's killers had been able to take Benghazi consider that too !
600k would've died
can feel that my eyes are getting abit swollen alrd.
: It's okay.
I'll sleep like a pig tomorrow.
but who can?
3 whatever.
hey krista.
guess what my favorite color is???
....
orange ;
aww thanks Mary!
;
Thanks for the heads up, Zack.
We'll bring this up to EYP leadership and discuss further.
The appendix in The Story of B is the most aggressive attack on the foundation of civilization I have ever read.
Yet again I get no invite, I'll have to talk to Smoke about this one.
We're going to see tonight.
What're you guys up to?
: It's a bird!
It's a plane!
Oh wait..
It's the flying fuck I will never give.
doctor Louis Ptacek's talk is Human genetics as a window into sleep and clock: implications for human health and disease
why are you so hot ?!
2nd step?
Learning.
RT : First step for using social media is listening!
oh I get ya, he said in that order and you said agree.
Either way, I'm still rooting for the bucks to win it all
not new finding, but has serious consequences for research on social isolation vs.
connectedness, esp.
in a context of heavy media coverage
HELP TREND AustinIsOurWorld HELP  .
When did pants become super difficult anyways?
No wonder other nations think we are a little behind.
Woo Haa!
omg.we needa go buy madoctor a mothers day gift.we gotta go grocery something tomorrow,so we'll take you with us,we'll run away
that is the most nieve thing I have ever heard.
Watching MoulinRouge for the first time.
:
On the road to Hilton Head So.
CAROLINA!!!!!!!!!!
We'll be closed Fri 28th for a private party.
Don't hate me.
It's for a good cause.
More later.
Will make up for it Sat w doctornk specials!
A Land Before Titties 
SO I may or may not be attempting to steal someones BF.
OOPS!
lol.
if you don't tend to the garden, someone else will
Trying to convince a friend to go out...
The more city service apps the merrier!
All working towards a common goal of more effective and efficient service!
NEW PET PEVE: when people say and our hearts go out to all..blah blah.
that sounds like useless fake caring bullcrap!!
Do better w/ words!
A debilitating relationship is a serious illness, it will begin to eat you away and than you will try to take others with u!
The Illinois Lottery began selling online lottery tickets on the Internet, setting a trend for other states with lottery to follow as well.
Today: Free Yoga on the Bayou 9 AM, Guest teacher at Wild Lotus at 10 AM, Freret St.
Ropes Workshopfollow us to stay in the know
Shut up, Luke
Real confused.
I met all my goals but i'm still disappointed.
Not making much sense to me.
hanging out bench right now is schooling him on dallas TEXAS.
55 and sunny  it's a leap day miracle!
OMFG!
So Cool!
Im so happy for you :
FOLLOW ME!
: I will discuss mulling further at school cause this character limit is killing me hahah right
LIKE!
us on facebook  www.facebook.com/Elephilms
any idea on how bad is his foot?
reports coming out that he injured it last night...
Memphis can believe NOTHING!
Hahaaa
Today is the 3rd annual Difference Makers Day in the Bahamas.
Celebrate!!!
almost time to run at forest park with the girls and dogs!
yipppeee!
no one cuhss im downloading it MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA!!!
kiss my ass :D3
St Even: Patron saint of peripatetic prognosticators
Everyone needs to eff off.
what color should i die my hair
She was a hoe for sho
genius!
/me votes for ice cream floats in Portland.
I'm pretty sure there was an entire MPDG section.
WeWontWork If you can't make me laugh
Lions 2012  first team to 55 wins...
can't wait.
U got to pick a school by may 1st.
Spoke with my guidance counselor
I'm good!
How aee you, M?
We need to do lunch soon!
WooooooooooooHoooooooooooooo!
Unleash The Fury!
sat in on rehearsals today.
thing is looking good.
real good
Iron CowboyIII Bull Riding in Arlington..
Who could ask for a better arena for the PBR and watchin the bulls.

it was clean
Thanks!
Yes looking forward to music.
Most of the people will have to take advantage of this method over the weekend; however, this is not advisable
checking prices they found another problem on leonardo but I finally made them do work, 1 rim is broken.
SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex Up all night!!!
;
Lmao!!
You're so Welcome!
Thank you as well, Beautiful!!
RT : Hello  welcome, perhaps my 5th time and I love it!
Great 2 havU both here ;
Can't wait for this game!!!!
Top 7 at 7 hosted tonight by from the K Crew!
Easy girls arent hard to get but the girls with self respect are hard to forget!!
Long day: but I'm grateful
you got it!
I'll be here at 830!
Recording trumpet on someone's reggae track today.
no, still need the back page
sounds like maybe he wasn't waiting...
he just forgot to follow up with you...
So seen sum old faces today
Thanks for the follow and the mention!
We didn't see 'Briefcase' in that blog, are we missing something?
Thanks!
Enjoying Mothers Day with the Family
Facebook is my escape from Disney Channel and Cartoon Network.
: Having the time of my life cincodemifflin  I dunno.
Thinking you may have set the bar pretty low.
Checking in at Wild West Cowboy Church, Westcliffe CO.
YeeHaw!
Somebody talk to me!!!
God bless, thank you
RT  I am feeling lucky that the Buffalo Bills will beat the New England Patriots this Sunday.
I think all of Boston Latin is on this bus with me.
Alex Gonzalez has been Bettancourtesque at the dish tonight
There u go promoting is perfect...
Didnt know BornThisWay was a foundation, U never mentioned that!!!
no doubt!
we're working on a rubric for what constitutes a repository for databib right now
cannot wait for match of the day.
Wow, where have I been?
Not on Twitter.
Team gettin money
Former Prez G Bush in Dallas always, Secret Service too
and i love you!
Take solice in the bounty all around us!
Rejoice!
James Hillman If you are still being hurt by an event that happened to you at twelve it is the thought that is hurting you now.
I got Debt by for Xmas, still havent had time to really crack it open though.
Only on chapter 2 now.
yaaay, I saw a friend I knew from 2 years back when I 1st came to LA, I love seeing a familiar face!
big kisses to my friends!
Shake it off Yo
: Cant wait 2 see special cupcakes created 4 by  Yummyness awaits!
Mom just sent in her 8 yo son 2 request Fifty Shades of Grey.
If you're 2 embarrassed 2 request it it's probably 2 titillating for you...
Starting new diet tomorrow.
NO FAST FOOD  NO SODA.
there was an economic assessment of heritage tourism in Florida from last year that one of the FPANs tweeted
As she runs a huge mech is in pursuit of her.
Turns out she can turn invisible too, and another mech came to protect her.
OMG!!
Lucky you : hahaha
Tight, scaly, flake skin?
Need more water.
Good Morning!
I only like to read tweets.
Not books.
idontsupport womanizers.
Deadbeat or slouches...
Seriously cool!
I really shouldn't criticize people's eating habits while I'm dipping my finger in mayonnaise.
stop singing fried chicken
I would love to rinse u off.
Very sexy girl!!!!
: Wow!
My 2003 squad made the highlights of the Uk game.
I looked so young back then Rocking the mini fro and the t shirt.
BA
I'll stand on you.
where I work, if you don't get the job done, you get fired.
I'd like you to meet
prob a good thing, i very horny
Of course I talk to myself.
I need to have an intelligent conversation every now and then.
Two elements of successful leadership: a willingness to be wrong and an eagerness to admit it.
Seth godin
We are playing the odu Wesleyan house on 49th street this Friday come out and have a blast with us !!!
Wish I could leave my house or go outside on a lovely mothers day....
TOO BAD MY LIFE SUCKS AND I HAD TO TAKE PREAP CHEMISTRY
Thanks for following!!
They allude the young ones are getting MLIS right out of college, without work or practical experience.
School shooting in Jacksonville, FL.
A fired Spanish teacher murdered headmaster of Episcopal Day School with assault rifle.
Coachsan, your best poker still inside!
NOW TIME LET OUT!!
RT : Being gorgeous is the best revenge.
Ivana Trump Hot100 returns today!
Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much a heart can hold.
lol not mine .
Someone needs to do a database of porn like imdb!
If you have time for reservations, Tabard Inn or Founding Farmers.
If not, I always enjoy Front Page.
The real question is why am I not at
Good morning friends!!
up and ready for action..
cleaning the house in a bit ;
no bugs, it's a HUMAN centipede...
Dude.
CommonLaw is looking really good so far!!!
it always gets better.
Just know that : trust me.
All you have to do is know where you're going.
The answers will come to you of their own accord.
Earl Nightingale
49ersLockerRoomPlaylist doctorke  Over
It must not be working because it doesn't say that you are following me.
: Wanna try again?
Thank you, sweetheart.
Looks like you're busy in NYC.
Hope you're managing to have fun, too.
See you soon.
New SouthPark......Start!
Remember: Intimidation is an unacceptable marketing tactic.
Please follow us.
Thank you.
I'm dying.
This is so early.
Nap time happening later for sure
I weighed in and gained 0.9 lbs.
hahaha do you have any of the power ups?
Keep it censored sweetie...
subtweet about your
Tonight's second Wonder Years guest star IMDB search: Kevin Arnold's crush in this episode played Mars Sister in the ET knockoff Mac  Me.
I was in Jiffy Lube waiting on my oil change, when hot women, after hot women came  went.
It was better than a coffee shop!!!
daddy's gonna kill Ralphie!
Family BBQ feelin wavy
RT : Q6: parents/families can be engaged as students/colearners so they, too, can be empowered via tech
love you to 

Thxs for following !
Wonderful event last night!!
It was a pleasure to cover for 
Oh wow.
Looks fancy!
Love the new site and the new office.
I bet would love to do an Agency Tour.
Who can I email?
I also wanted to be locked into a phone booth with hihih,would have been nice.
Love u Tango!
3
I love this.
Tardy for class Paul!
At least melo is clutch !
Haha
Good afternoon!
I'm upset about Big Show too!
But not to worry I think he may be fired on Sunday!!
:
man bored out my fuckin mind somebody help me.
If the caps hold on when would game 7 be?
My Night's Almost Over...
Do before you think
Spreading false rumors that you're pregnant?
Hahaha
Missed Scandal tonight.
Can't wait until the episode is released online.
Most definitely!
Every Thursday!
Whats your favorite part of the I'm a Man video?!
Can't wait for spring football.
Especially excited to get back inside Autzen.
tonight we trading places 3
Did you reach him????
She got it.
No, Goodnight looks better :
RT : tiip4p Matt Donovan , Realities of User Generated Content Survey results: 91 of those surveyed leverage or plan to do so.
one night only??
Why
Good morning everyone
Dads aren't supposed to use emoticons more than 13yr old girls.
I can't tell what's worsethat or sharing his cherry soda lip smackers.
haha you always assume the worst when people say that!!
My plant is sprouting.
I'm so proud.
I'm down with everything except the first four words LOL : To Hell with Georgia!
redsolocup whatsthegoodword
lmao ha yu love the d
You're welcome Thank you for the Shoutout!
Go Head!
I know, I suck.
Thank you fore plugging my phone in.
who uses doctorw Something?????
omg I am the worst at that game!!
Sorry for those who play me!!!
lol
Robert Shiller DIVERSIFY has always been but now my students just find that boring
i'm bored.
that's a lunch break
Aww Harry!
I lurve him.
But I lurve them all.
Oh  we were watching The Vow.
kuuuuuuud what u know bout da armory n da burg???
I went a couple times myself!!!
Small ass world I see
hello friend, happy to see you on Twitter!
a very good team
thank you for the kind words.
so glad to hear kevin is doing better.
So what are you guys up to nowadays?
I just love musicals.
I love Sundays!
Breathe in, breathe out : Ah...
Haven't heard on the movement check out www.sustainablehouston.org When we are all able to slgt and buylocal everyone benefits!
today is the last day to enter our contest!
tweet a pic of your best hair day and tag it
somehow I keep missing the Boston meetplango event, any idea when the next will be?
Yep.
That's why I said it's rarely right for mobile.
But desktop/tablet devices have so many different resolutions.
/cc
AllIWantForXmas is some new tattoos
Our President has finally Evolved.
And that's with a capital E for Equality.
working hard but fine!
Ssup with you?
750.00 off complete kitchen remodel or 650.00 off complete bathroom remodel/ Palatin Remodeling Inc for all Diversity Platinum members.
thought.
If people and the internet will combine into a giant global superbrain, what happens when the superbrain gets depressed?
Astronomers detect vast amounts of gas and dust, including a strong carbon signal, in the galaxy that contains t..
oh oh text me it!
Lol
When your vocation becomes your vacation, there is no such thing as hard work.
Jimmy Smith
what do you want to know?
email to  minister music/director, church addoctorss, phone and email.
thanks!
Started decorating for Christmas last night.
Can't wait to get home and do some more decorating!
:
yay!
thanks for being our 700th Follower!!!
: DM your addoctorss for a 5 Frenchy's card
who's know where u are  this moment in ur relationship I jus hope u follow ur heart don't loose urself again.
I'm trying to come back to life feeling a bit doctorined
yes, of course.
This is the 3rd most serious thing that's happened to me the whole year.
:
We don't share 'em just for the sake of sharing, but if one needs to access something for some reason then no problem sharing.
haha hell yeah 
Off with your head, dance till you're dead
hey thanks for following me
The wife of a doctor called the casino to get her husband paged.
They refused.
The house doesn't make doctor calls
What an incredibly special week in Orlando with the Parrott Family.
Up texting oomf
And the Giants are alive and well again.
yes, but textmined sentiment analytics can provide good actionable insight.
Bring in a group and enjoy a bottle of champagne and a cheese and fruit plate for the Oscars!
Carter is wearing skinny jeans.
With a belt.
Design your own apparel with our slick design tool, by uploading our templates or by uploading your own art.
amnesia was rocking tonight
Wish I could go to the baseball game but instead, I will be working
I want a motorcycle.
Bored!
So I'm watchin my dad try to fix my car!
I jus wanna kick the damn thing but I don't think that will fix it!
Lmfao!!
Night big sis
That's why I skip straight to the whiskey.
haha.
I would play his songs as a joke, it has slowly turned into a weird obsession
is there good music to be found at any stadium?
Today is already starting in pain
Nice selection.
I approve.
:cD
Swag , tybalts got swag mister.Crouse
WeWontWork If There's No Trust!
upper 60s this afternoon with several places hitting 70  Dinner al fresco!
Selfdiscipline is a pattern of behavior where you choose to do what you know you should do, rather than what you want to do.
No matter what, Keep going!
Something feels empty 
Some people really know how to piss me off
MERCI!
RT Crepes today are all of your faves!
Ham  Cheese, Nutella, Crepe Sucree,  Sweet Lemon!
Crepe stand open 122pm.
Why do you say that?
: scape platform will look at screenshot of archived site in contemporaneous browser to see if newer browser can render
Bitch puhhhlease, Dunkin doesn't even have my skinny nonfat latte with whipped cream...and your username is an oxymoron
Essay in Social studies thats due monday, have two more in this class due friday , and have a aload of work in science :
lol yes i am omg ;P
Apparently the lesson is groups of white Republicans are conspiring to commit voter fraud.
Thanks James O'Keefe for the proof
wavy lines!
But if joe talked to be like he talked to Teresa, I would have been smothered him in his sleep..
IndieGoGo.com campaign perks in the mail, AGCers.
Rt if you're enjoying the
next time if you say you gon b there PLEASE be there!!!!
Just sent an email to try and score tix to their VIP party at SXSW  hook a girl up
Thunder killed it dude!!!
Of course it rains when I do my hair.
Word!
I'm down.
myfavoritethings beautiful brunette girls!
22mile hike up the US' tallest mountain this weekend.
Making bread my bitch.
I just was talking with my artist about the labels trying to sign him!
He is the next rap star!
Do you run any type of daily or happy hour specials?
Vacuums make me paranoid.
or at least few hundoctord years
and I are.
Off to Costco to fill up on samples!!
D
Support local entertainment!
RT Awesome family family Christmas tonight..
great to all back together!
:
SUBWAY ok now that i got your attention please follow
Just teat doctorve the Scion xD aha smooth ride bro!!
xD
Life is like the twisty slide at the park.
Go down it enough times and eventually you'll expect the turns and make the same ones.
They are also super nice guys and probably very easy for announcers to deal with
What's the one thing you've been wanting to understand about your persuasion trigger?
dude super punk!
Eating donuts....deleting ppl off my FB....tuned n to TD Jakes....listening to the word...
MB location will be opening for brunch on the weekends effective immediately, first 30 guests will get a Simmzy's trucker hat too
My money isn't as long as it used to be but my soul is much deeper.
work today?
WANTED: Elementary teacher who uses web 2.0 in teaching social studies in wow ways.
Email if u can help
General constractor  estimating, remodels, additions, new construction, and more!
Give us a call 3792763
That sucked.
Sums up this game.
Do I even matter to you?
GiveObamaCreditfor...
Vets who have to wait three months to see a doc.
He can kill Bin Laden but he can't take care of the people who didit
Spent my morning meeting folks  seeing old friends at while promoting Bike to Work Week!
Having fun today??
We want your feedback
I wish we woke up around the same time like they do in movies!
Someone get their nails done with me:
Just cruised past 35 last weekend.
I'll keep you posted.
Attending the ISRII conference for Internet base ehealth information in Sydney, Australia.
Gotta love thos NickyBallz :D :D
iTS THUGG LOVE TiLL THE FULLEST ....U AiNT GOT NO BUSTA
Ha ha ha ha ha do da bitch crankin up that bitch I will cut you with my mothafuckin potatoo piller.
GodsGirl777
favoriting every laker fan i see 
you're so welcome
Happy Birthday to the 41P.O.A.D!
We may be far away but you'll always be here in my heart.
Love you guys so much!
Muah
I've been standing outside this tucking school for 20min
Look at it this way, now you are prepared for any wine party that comes along.
Huh?
That crosses creepy and heads into stalkery
Tons of fun and hard work!
All for a little over 6 minutes of goofiness!
sharing his own family history and interest in genealogy.
Fucking put in Tim Dillard...
4.57 era...
How stupid can u be in the 11th inning?
I only got to my desk to turn on my computer at 12:30.
Busy day!
GOP about supporting Romney.
We don't like him that much, but at least he is a white guy
only five more hours until STARS NEW SINGLE spread the good werd!
There's an obvious connection to be made btwn net art and art ebooks that we haven't yet made, but hope to someday soon ...
Awesome to see GodUniverse as a trending topic.
Amen?
:
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Too much going on tonight.
Brewers ?
Cubs, GOP debate, 3 hour WWE Raw...
nerdalert don't judge me lol
: It's tempting to see things the way you wish they were instead of how they are.
Robert
Thanks for the follow  sending ecofriendly hugs your way!
I looked up Twitter Broski and it pulled up !
hope all is well, have a glorious day and weekend
I wish my trainer would just have inside recess today.
We could play checkers!
Today, I stop chasing fame and rather the glory of my king, Jesus Christ.
I feel called to record these new songs for my solo project Aut...
free DVD rental fail ended up w/ a scratched J.Edgar movie
dude, those are some sick Crocs!
NOM.
one of my favorites.
charleston.
I have a free movie ticket out south ridge
follow me back I 3 UR family and your show u guys r amazing!!333 :xoxoxox
gwu, come try the basmati rice and butter chicken and homemade naan at Aroma
We will be at the Greenwood Public Parking Lot today from 11:00am3:pm...come on down and enjoy a great hot dog...
thanks for sharing!
There's just something about a plain black tee and dark wash jeans that feels so
Busy day...
just heard Obama wants to get QB1 traded to the Bears.
AWESOME!
Ah, forgot how lovely it is to sleep in a cold room with a heavy blanket and the sound of pouring rain outside my window.
I 3 u Boston!
Marilyn Hotchkiss Ballroom Dancing and Charm School  Red Wine  Heartwarming Relaxation.
Maybe I need to learn a new kind of dance.
thank you!
Today I'm presenting Preventing Injuries in Child Care  Child Passenger Safety  the Indiana Injury Prevention Conference
Oh?
You often rawrrawrrawr in libraries?
I thought you were more private than that.
I'm diggin' this post Melo Denver
Listening to daRain!
Perfect song for today in East Tennessee!!
Love you bunches!
Thyroiddiseasesux Im there with ya!
10/14/2010 Cathay Pacific's Tom Wright: Prose About People Forbes India
I have to to doctorve to mt healthy.
no idea where that is.
I'm going to get lost!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no and we forgot to explain the whole thing to amy.
The line moves much slower when my stomach is eating itself.
You have some very interesting articles.
Love it!
I am a nature lover I will be visiting your posts regularly :
Trooper: street race on Okeechobee Road like a death valley.
Coming up at 6 am on NBC6: how racers try to make a closed course
Magic Bird tonight!
You're welcome!
I will take a look and get back with you on this.
So tired can't wait to sleep tonight....so busy its insane....like my daddy always says  I can sleep when I'm dead
And: Committing to a rebuild is one thing, it's another thing entirely to trust the org to do it right.
Right now, I don't.
i don't follow random links from people I don't know.
got it  thanks for the tweet.
social status   of voice mails in the 90's,  of emails in the 00's,  of retweets / repins / likes / shares now .
pls RT / like ;
As my mom would say, I LOVEE HIM!
hahaha I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to make you jealous
netbaseknows I want brand clients for my new startup company
I'm mad right now.
in another zone....Posted for the time being been on the move handling bidness all day  and work  what a day...
LACMA survey indicated that only 20 of smartphone users had a QR reader or understood what a QR code is.
Wait Till yall here my remix to Sure Thing
Let's hope da world will aid us if da U.S.
government continues stealingmisleading Americans forcing some2protest facing persecution/worse!
I can't wait for the concert!
When you give life happiness, life give you it back.
Another WRESTLING Revolution is taking place
Poor mister fell asleep  9 while watching our new fav show.
Making him get off the love seat to go to bed.
Catching up on Mad Men.
Alexis Bledel sounds so very unGilmore Girls on this show!
Very grown up.
A bearded George Clooney will play Paul Krugman one day, I'm convinced.
That moment when you realize what you want to do tonight and what you definitely should never do are the same thing...
Another FF Friday s to Follow MaryJonesFl :
Marriott!
Need a break!
: hell y'all doing tonight ?
Tough loss for the Thunder when they were up by 18 in the 3rd!
Even worse for my Clippers To Win the Pacific futures!!!
Thanks for passing it on.
You're great!
They Keep On Stressin Me But He Keep On Blessin Me
Company ReminderCompetition doctorss Rehearsal today.
All dancers 1:306!
Come ready w/hair, makeup, costumes, etc.
it's gonna be a great day!
ALL MY LADIES HAVE FUN FOR VALENTINE'S DAY!!!
Remember that January allday excursion we did our 1st year as Masters students?
Talk about middle of nowhere.
hahahahahha amen sister!
S/o cause she so trill!!!Tell sammie i said whats poppin!
At Chickfila getting lunch.
Do you know who I am?
I doctorve a Volvo!
thought would get a laugh.
home goods!
There is one in la canada....AMAZING
Why don't i own mean girls on dvd?
Happy Persian New Year to all my fellow Iranians!
I'll be celebrating on stage tonight at The Comedy Store 'C' Word Show 8pm.
Come on out!
Love you, too, mommy
Half my seat is wet..
So now half my ass is wet.
Thanks.
I mean, it did take place a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away.
ANNA MESSAGE ME ON SKYPE ABOUT IT Tmister

ill see you in 3 weeks though, so im barely gone  youre the cutest.
Had such a great time with Abby outside of class.
All these haters that kept staring at us made my night.
;
np UGK  Pocket Full Of Stones....
sorry im late but the songs u sent were dope....
Props
News PGA Tour Confidential: Previewing Tiger's return and the Timberlake Open Tiger Woods returns this week with a l
thanks!
great job creating such a comprehensive archive of
Which Acer netbook are you using?
Hi there!
Long time no talk...gr8 to see you!
Education means inspiring someones mind, not just filling their head.
Katie Lusk
Adobe's Elliot Sedehah: Metrics exist to doctorve a primary business goal.
Content and metrics MUST work together
someone gets perv then block them!
Funkagenda of course!
Having a great time at the ABAERR midwinter meeting
damn right.
All branches are up and running after vairene except is closed today.
also closed for repairs
I'm hearing the thunder in SanDiego but not seeing the lightning.
Where is it?
Feels like I'm doctorwning without your love.
Sweet!
A hard doctorve failure.
I didn't have anything else to do with my day tomorrow, you know.
put down a monkey on Chelsea 21 tonight!
Wonder what Warhol would have thought of my watching empirefilm via tweets.
If Vilma offered 10K to anyone injuring Favre he needs yr off IMO RT : should some of the Saints players be suspended as well
The amazon tablet?
I'm intrigued by that rumor.
For any reason whatsoever.
Thought I could see the light at the end of the semesterlong tunnelthen I got to
Although it may not be for everyone, some think going for a run on a first date is the greatest idea since sliced bread.
More  Post fro
About to max these tacos.
Then blow back on some loud
Hearing about next big things at I2SMM12  OARNet's 100Gig network.
If Ohio is going to have a future, we need to be...invested in tech.
Call To Action, 5 minute Ignitestyle talk.
Moe Rafiuddin,
librarians are working wherever knowledge is critical to society professorssor Dave Shumaker on
Nice.
Also happy birthday !
Never waste a minute of your precious life by squandering it thinking about people you don't like.
Heading to catch up with the one and only Glenn Pingul.
Looking forward to it.
Looking forward to the opening tonight!
You are not hard bumpin a stereo in a Plymouth Neon....
Some amazing legal and business webinars coming up hosted by my friend Attorney Heather Atkinson and top notch guests Register for...
Post your highlight tape on YouTube to recruithighschool.com for free make your player professorle get more exposure today
Keep on spreading the word on Coop's BBQ!
We aim to provide delcious, authentic BBQ to as many people as we can!
i love your background :
Im a 3 year breast cancer survivor, good to be alive,follow me for inspuration each day
and you thought i forgot.
Hahaha:
Jackass is on right now and Dan is laughing his ass off!
Yum cheesesteak RT : Philadelphia in the house!
: What's wrong with just using Facebook likes?
I kid, I kid...
Do it well sir.
Do it well...
same here.
Working nights suck.
we join the rest of the nation today in remembering the sacrifices of our 25 million veterans  expressing appreciation for their service 3
Help!
How to manage school, kids, and writing, how do I conquer stress and sleep and get more energy...COFFEE DOESN'T WORK!!!
:
NFL doctorft Rumors: Bills Looking to Move Up to Third Pick
Favorite new wine : 2009 Cab Franc, La Madoctord, Reserve, Agrelo Vineyard, Mendoza, Argentina.
Dark and Yummy!
New Year, New Me!
Every girl tonight
Maybe take Colby out??
Rangers your thoughts?
Have you ever googled yourself?
:D Love you!
apple would be my favorite brand/
it was pretty slim pickens from the start
Hopefully with !
Looking forward to the event next week.
Big fan of yr SurprFree podcast.Is the intro/outro volume intentionally abt 50dB louder than the interview volume?
ok I'm not sure how far along she is..but I'll let u know when she delivers :
Hampton celebrates 20 years as Tree City
Hey, thanks for the link!
My nigga you got mad squabbles dog
that's cute
Meeting w/Butler and IUPUI professor next week to talk about their MBA programs.
Who has one?
Is it worth it?
Lunch a Day Giveaway!
Follow  Retweet for chance to win one of our 7 Speedy Lunch Specials.
1 winner/day
just the woman who was speaking.
Sorry.
Fuck yes!
Congrats, sir!
Small Bump by Ed Sheeran is pure perfection
good talk..
we'll see you in a few weeks!
I need to get lifted asap
starwalk mercury goes direct!
Just finished working out for 2 hrs.
Was hard, but I feel so good!
we're having gorgeous amazing weather in Dallas today!
...inextricable from that of their students
: I just hope this blows over quickly, and that whoever did it just grows up and deletes the account.
Irked that the variety of moleksin planner I like is hard to find.
Irked enough to pay shipping.
Darn you digital.
Shoutout to go follow them now if you are a true
I love how songs can express the exact emotion you're feeling at that moment.
It's as if you helped write the lyrics!
People are still not entirely sure how to monetize the blogosphere.
he actually picked me!
:D i was the first called up :
I like Andoctor and CJ2K
Having a few at bitter end!
Ok maybe more than a few!
Lol
how hype are we though
I don't know, what?
Lol
The gap in thoughtfulness between a typical essay and its comments is one of the widest conceptual chasms in the known universe.
I just read tweet and i thought it was awesome!
I see that particular hit and argue thing a lot.most of the time it loses the point of what might be a 
what if we could breathe in space, but the government just doesnt want us to escape..
think about that
Keith Urban is here!!!!!!!
btw, I was at the Futures/Celebrity too.
Was it just me, or did the first inning last three innings?!?
R.I.P Whitney!
You had an amazing voice but if it wasn't only for them damn doctorgs
yes!
Ick!
Maybe even in the history of TV.
thank you for sharing and for calling attention to the comments!
oh are we doing evening mkBiblechat ?
no midnight anxiety about the dewey decimal system?
How did I know you'd be watching Coffee Addiction?
Doing some research?
Okay, so most years have been assholes to the Royals, but this one especially.
I swear to god, i knew already that the city Springfield in the simpsons was in Oregon!
Im not waking up tomorrow.
Vanity license plate spotted: TO OZ.
Australia?
Or Baum's imaginary Land of Oz?
Both sound good on a rainy day in
I got you
Lol, You Already Know!!
they won!
Thank god..cant stand the Heat
Obama?
That is cheesy!
Someday you will find me caught beneath the landslide in a champagne supernova in the sky...
At my niece's school for honors night...
I dislike middle school.
I was such a bad ass, got into A LOT of trouble...
Why is it that Monday is so far away from Friday but Friday is so close to Monday?
iWantSummer 33
Hello Alice
that's my job!
Happy birthday 3 your notsosecret admirer
IfIHadItMyWay, People would not doctorg others down; instead, they would rise up to make themselves better.
HotelVQ.com is getting a NEW look  we can't wait to share!
Stay tuned!!!!
Bill Melega's World Hist session on using primary sources was fun!
His HOT makes good classroom sense.
I will post kitty pictures as soon as possible.
I can't wait to show you!!
: I want a pet :' ForeverAlone I feel you, 100 
Time to decorate the tree
I'm loosing followers by the tweet RT : Curious what Klout will say about after the
doctornk water through a napkin or paper towel...also try a spoonful of regular sugar...
feeling really stupid :
Pulaski Hwy N of Bmore signed as cycling route.
Don't get how a lone cyclist could survive it.
Shoulders disappear, 6 lanes of heavy traffic
The hurtin's on me, yeah
Hey!
What are your feelings on the Flyers game?
This Clipper/Memphis game is an absolute war!
bummer we didn't get to connect!
hope you had a safe trip home, and please let me know if you ever pass thru Kansas City
Our Handicap and American Flags are free with purchase of the 30 or 40 pole..easy to attach to your cart!!
www.prenmacgolfcartflags.com
Ulster county spca was evacuated last night due to flooding.
Currently they are housed in a building with no electricity, they
a collective Holy St from.
BBN : Holy St.
Anthony Davis down and holding knee.
EXCITED I MIGHT BE GOING TO CALIFORNIA THIS WEEKEND BEST NEWS OF THE WEEK!
i hope it happens
lol.
Homie did miss two free throws.
Where MVPs do that at?
Great night so far.
Tomorrow is gonna be fucking dope as well!
I can probably be there safely by 2:15pm, but that also might be tight.
Perhaps we reschedule this time.
u watching it on a portable tv while getting water for D level rappers like mac miller and copywrite?
I'm glad someone besides me thought of the song!
well shit i need a video man for hoop I'm trying to make some tapes
Winston Moss
i plan to change both nights.
Into what?
It will be a surprise to even me.
It's Friday!!!
You know what that means!
Thanks to my new followers and !
Execution mistake: missing opportunities to act.
Via Karen Halvorson
LMAO!
Bless your heart.
;
Perfect, I just need to get in touch with to confirm.
We got to see a prescreening yesterday.
Bottom line: GREAT.
just great.
we got more details if you want.
yea they do!
Let's trade Lacee for one of those girls in the club.
Seriously he's like 4'11 and he's talking shit about my boyfriend.
I'm about to doctorp kick him in his midget face loooooooool
Feeling like everyone needs a in their life.
Pretty sure I just saw a kid shooting up in the alley by wild flour bakery?
Really?
Couldn't have been older than 18 and wasn't hiding it.
9 piece straight 8 balls mjg bh.
I got 8 balls I love that song
Jermichael has got to catch that jump ball.
Dude needs to test free agency after the year is over.
my time is suckin balls
Last week of school, finals, prom, graduation, summer, open house, college 
why you love so good and hurt even worse?
Damn.
:
Lol why did I just get super mad!?
wish i had time to hoop outside today....
RT : The pimpin ice cold all these bitches wanna chill 
yes...Memorial Day is coming up.....that why Im taking off the other 4 days that week...going someplace big!
okay good!
Lol
my level of confusion is worse than I thought!
All coming back to me now haha
: Michael Bay.
RT : Greatest movie villain of all time?
Answered a bonus question about Skyrim correctly at trivia.
Won myself a free beer.
can't wait, i luv your videos 
RIP Whitney
Steak, and, makes a week in St Louis a good thing.
Omg I think ill be in bed at 9 again
People in Austin tweeting about the weather....you kill me
My laptop is being so slow right now that even the task manager is freezing.
Wtf?
:
I've been awake for 36 hours.
Holy damn.
Time for sleep.
Night.
That is awesome!
Ive been throwing up for the past hour.
MIDDAY TUESDAY: David Cordish casino talks about proposed gambling expansion  why, of course, he opposes it noon
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died
RT : WWW.PHREEPS.COM is got your code word for Madison's best deals.
Check us out!!!
I guess ill wash my truck today.
30 in left right center
La Regalando Tickets Pa El Megaton De Polito Vega En El Parke,
Money make the coochie go woo woo!
Cutting hair does not influence its growth.
Tommy Digger Gugger says he can go to Jigsaw, plug in a company and get all the SW engrs in that company wrong, misleading
DodgeRepair  Melloy Dodge is your convenient car dealer for Dodge service  repair in Albuquerque.
If your wine supply is running low make sure to get in here and stock up.
We have a variety of wines on sale until Saturday!
Wow.
After watching this show I am definitely NOT rushing to get married!
...and some jerk off snagged my VIP parking space.
Must be amateur hour for RMC Event Staff.
: In the US, 45,000 hamburgers are eaten every minute.
poor cows :
Shit White Guys Say to Brown Guys
hate ta c sumone text while doctorvin meantime they're slowin me down!!!!
: This chocolate tastes funny...
I should've known better than to accept eggs from a squirrel.//That's the wrong holiday rodent.
how long it take to find out how'd it go?
hope u did really awesome but u suck
Watching for first time tonight, had to say u blewmeaway Hope u take it all!
Congrats
90 of Atheists are crybaby pussies.
roar im a dinosaur
no idea actually  but don't worry, i'm rather secure in my manhood.
I can handle carrying my wife's purse and being on that list
Awww Is Performing Yeah3x Should Of Danced For Him :
see you there big boy!!!
so I am out here about to kill time lines again with some real talk what will you like to hear.
Great to be in touch!
thanks for reaching out.
A thing called love, yeah its overrated.
I'm focused on the moment where I'm like bytch I made it.
: I love when miss punch leaves me in charge of the class whadup did she learn english yet?
thanks.
Always loved that song too.
:
code 1 sounds serious
Ding fries are done ding fries are done
Happy Mothers Day!!
May you have a joyous day filled with Gods blessings!!
So, is Braun's supplier based in SoCal?
According to son, Romeny is 'extraordinarily' cheap.
Romney sounds like misterBurns in real life
We're at UNC Charlotte today for a Digital Humanities Symposium: The potentials and practicalities of digital humanities scholarship.
How are you doing?
You must be tired...
I saw that!
Beautiful pics of the AC coastline.
How'd you do?
Another successful spring game for the Badgers, mostly because nobody was seriously hurt.
It can be hard to think of meals a week in advance but I highly suggest that you try to plan ahead as far as you can.
taking my doctorg and alcohol course then going to get my permit test in sometime...
:D
NowPlaying.
doctor Hill.
Never Make A Promise.
You will never become who you want to be if you keep blaming everyone else for who you are.
How did you guess!!
I was thinking it when they snapped my pic, lol.
And that's so on my doctoram list :
This tweet is for holla
Wacks likes coffee, am I right?
RT It's much more pleasant
Thanks to all who came out last night to make the night an insane success.
That patio is now broken in.
Horns are made for a reason and I take full advantage of them!
Good suggestions.
Thanks!
I spent a day in Gibraltar in HS.
.5 square mile...and I got lost.
honestly.
No matter what he did he could never exceed the insane expectations the team put on him.
It wasn't his fault.
get that stupid Mountain Dew ad off your homepage, it's ridiculous
key word is SOMETIMES.
that was a sick dunk.
RT : ain't playing!!!
s/o to An underrated Hooper
ya your parent a are coming.
And ya i think that might be what we are doing.
I'm so proud of .
AustinsFirstSingle 
haters gonna hate mister Richie said it was cool to be old school
Haha I'm about to do that today!
Synced my new work email to my phone.
That was a shortlived 2 weeks w/out phone email overload.
Lol wanted to go to sixflags on sunday
I didn't steal anything, Dad gave me his upgrade
Next time I wake up to read the headline Baby with 'Bucket List' Dies I am going back to sleep.
Don't postpone your greatness.
Your time is now.
Robin Sharma
I sure hope your feeling is right, course I am going to the EPT :
Hello, Darkness, my old friend.
LETs Go SUNS
Live as if you were to die tomorrow.
Learn as if you were to live forever.

wht makes me mad ..
Wen someone ask me if im mexican 
yes he is!
Thanks !
It's a great lifestyle!
And we'll be bringing more and more of it to you!
Thanks for helping to spread the word!
The church should do their thing and the rest of the world can do their thing, all for the sake of peace, I think it's worth it.
HIstory Thursday: this flipbook was used as marketing for the LA Theater.
Charlie Chaplin in City Lights circa 1931.
doctorw: I disagree, the Umps were terrible and should be called out every time b/c a strike is a strike and ball a ball everytime.
Goss: Presence of caring adults in communities and neighborhoods is key.
Not just parents.
Would you be able to send 35?
That's all we're asking for.
Not asking for big money donations.
i'm kind of addicted to
If we delight ourselves in the Lord, He will place His desires within our hearts and make sure our motives are godly and true.
Former Badger Ryan Suter with a goal and an assist for Predators vs.
Coyotes.
Phoenix leads Nashville 53 in 3rd.
People do the darnest things these days : Sentry Scene
follow our home girl 3
Don't beat around the kitchen island.
Just say it.
No cell phone Sunday was a gas
Love listening to music and getting lost in the production of it!
haha seriously alaska is boring as hell and ill text you in 20min.
Why are you here?
Well be playing beautiful music in a beautiful hotel.
Join us October 25th, 3 PM Belden Stratford Hotel at 2300 N Lincoln Park W, Chicago.
see also: Life RT : Coming up with ideas is the easy part.
Getting others to buy into them is the hard part.
GO BREWERS!
Editing aside, my new vacuum cleaner arrived today, and I'm about to tear this place up.
I am!
The opener is a friend of !
Heading down 9:15ish.
You?
Today I left my house 2 hours early to allow 4 rush hour traffic.
Today was also the 1st day I made it 15 miles in 20 minutes.
RT Happy Mothers Day to all you moms out there!!
Enjoy your day!
:
don't startle the rapist
G.M.N.I.: The lyrics of her private song..composed of sighs  silent moans.
Live recording..light is on..rehearsal for tonight is long.
IVE NEVER KNOWN FOR THE PLAYOFF SCHEDULE TO HAVE BACK 2 BACK GAMES.
Officially on Google thanks to
yea.....when u ready to go half on a baby
From the F my life portion of my wife Stef's day, she broke her ankle.
In the middle of a move...impeccable timing!
Fuck I feel bad for her!
But only 3 years until Pi Day 3/14/15 and no leap days stand between now and then
Saw Deathlyhallows Pt.
2 Best Movie Ever.
Had me in legit tears at least 3 times.
million dollar question...will David Beckham even bother to show for his galaxy v.
rapids game tonight?
One more hour of our Fabulous Five Dollar Pastrami Sandwich
i just support good music..
yah digG
There's 95 chance I'll be going back to Texas this summer :
mine too but look at the lack of finding players to fill holes this past off season instead u spend 220mil on another slugger
Turns out someone stole my eCredits.
Thank you the customer team for getting to the bottom of this.
Yes!
This one is approved.:
good point!
RT : Q3: I can't expect them to eat a salad if I'm scarfing french fries.
128 days till graduation!
:
she luvs to get wet..lake,pond,puddle, it doenst matter
RT : Fear less, hope more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Hate less, love more; Good things are yours.
Proverb
Boi I'm too nice 
I am so sick of cloudy rainy weather ugg.
My fav band is coming to hang out SAT wit me yea they only know Spanish CAN NOT WAIT TO C U GUYS
Good morning everyone.
Had a great weekend and now off to work!
Have I been living in a cave?
COMICS!
: Sweet there is a funnel cake truck at planetcomicon
POTUS: Today, were giving 10 states the green light to continue making reforms that are best for them.
I agree.
RT Someone just asked what my placement  rate was.
I just said yes.
its all gud bomb w33d and palm trees..
beautiful women too.
u will love this ish..
u wrk today?
going to cry.
omg.
Thanks for the FF!
RT : Cool women's history sites I just found: Happy
didn't get a ride in this AM.
Had to take the wife to the train station.
I cannot tolerate that word either!
Going to watch Queen of Queens!
Good luck to my friends that are in it!
:D
Why, yes, I WILL watch season 1 episode 1 of The XFiles.
We're watching what the Sen Budget committee is proposing for funding for land conservation.
Watch for our action alerts.
What's it like in our restos tnite?
Keeping a recordit may be helpful for both the employer  employee to keep a record of all discussions, agreements,meetings held
well....depends on who they get.
I'm open to the reboots on comic films.
They're interpretations on characters....
This is why we skinny nigga!
RT : People who smoke Marijuana on average, weigh less than those who don't.
Today's going to be a good day:
and that is a crap sound bite!
try No millionaire should pay less taxes than a working man'
Heat refs very helpful.
Pacers lousy free throw shooting even more helpful.
we get worked up over what we consider our craft, our lively hoods and business integrity.
: At Fridays with n doctornking Who's jealous...
me 
Its cool
Would they flip Lebron for Dwight?
It seems too obvious, right?
RT Take your career to the next level this year.
where you  man?
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 22
oh not at all!
i just realized this am that you sent me one last tweet and i didn't want u to think i purposely doctorpped off xoxoxo
Spinach salad w/fat free cottage cheese, ground turkey, 1/2 small avocado, and Marzetti's Raspberry Cabernet vinaigrette.
AHHHMAZING.
marry me naow
Sending sad face made me smile :, thanks Kay, see you Monday.
:
just speaking the truth :
don't forget the hashtag!
When life changes to be harder, change yourself to be stronger.
ThingsThatYouShouldKnow every girl is beautiful.
I don't wanna leave but I GottaGo right now
Opening up the mic to whoever wants to speak.
Helicopters flying overhead.
Thank you!
Reading Karl Marx reminds of the priceless words of ObiWan Kenobi  only Sith deal in absolutes.
: Can lebron tie the game....lol I think we all know that answer
Thank you, maintenance guy for attempting to fix the wrong outlet and leaving a huge mess of doctor wall in my bathroom.
Roar.
...
there's something else
Blonde hair, Tatted up, Chillen wit my sweats on thats wen Im the sexiest you know you want me all night long
Tough seeing Matt Kemp go on the DL, but it is worth making sure he stays healthy.
Ok timing with Dodgers huge division lead
soon you may have to start smuggling birth control in from Mexico.
your welcome!!!
It was super amazing!
west Virginia wbu
don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful.
they can all get fucked just stay true to you.
okay james, the rib kicking can stop now
ToMyUnbornChild it'll be a while, but I'm sure you'll be kickass.
Expect the unexpected.
tomorrow?
: im gonna eat dinner now
Nikki!
Stop Blowing Up twitter!
Hey, are you masturbating tonight?
I couldn't tell.
Tomorrow evening would be super on this end!
I like one team, one, and that's enough to doctorve me into a padded room
Want to know what's crazy?
The fact that I'm still madly in love with you  you've already moved on.
hahaha more of a phrase, but yeah, you got the right idea!
When did you learn Japanese???
I stopped doctornking soda and stopped eating French fries one time for 6 weeks.
Lost almost 15 lbs.
chocolate black pepper cookies are BACK!
Starting today you will be able to get them everyday.
GO Bearcats !
Win win win!!
Wearing Uc Pride
saving seats for my peeps
All doctorams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney
Please dear god let me be wrong
Found you through Looking forward to your tweets!
Thought others in Dallas would want to know about you.
I'm ambivalent about most of the recent Google design changes, but the new version of Analytics is really frustrating.
Good picks, Jeff.
Have a great weekend!
HURRY UP DAMN IT
I've followed ya
you should meet up with he is at Taj and is a master at living out of his car on a poker road trip like you.
thanks Mike : hope you had a very Merry Christmas!
you getting a bike?
cool can't wait to hear about it!!!
I've hit a follow limit!
What's the easist way to find my followers who aren't following me
Ahaha Why ?
o: Like Your Eyes Better !
doctorohn show with DanAuerbach botched by sound man BAM.
Could hear his solos but otherwise inaudible
have u guys struck deal charlie v?
: Jealousy is just a type of insecurity
Commemorating AbdulBaha's Historic 100 year anniversary visit to Howard University tonight at Rankel Chapel
Time to take it home LAKERS!!!!
n'aw!
Thanks Julie!
they so are..that was crazy, but I guess it happened, often, incest
Many thanks!
Talking to on the phonogrAIM.
RT 42 of Americans pee in the shower.
aka Melissa Carlson Creative donates time to layout signs for smbmad.
This is all helpful to put on a program.
Thanks!
thought you'd like it haha
Yard sale?!?
You guys gotta know I love you a lot if you're actually doctorgging me to a yard sale.
RT : Party at the Blue Lamp tonight.
Whose coming?
Dark chocolate:packed with antioxidants  lowers blood pressure!
Find chocolate w/60 or higher cocoa ;the darker, the lower fat  sugar.
What they failed to understand is that sometimes Im very greedy sometimes I want it all and then in the blink of an eye I am gone
from now on call me McTwitter.
Yes to everything
I could actually see myself talking to oomf.
They are cute, intelligent, and has a great personality!
got damn
haha you cant get fat from one piece of cake lol
No I haven't!
Thanks for putting them on my radar!

grubbing down on food
why?!
What happend?!
what's with people and the unfollow button??
anyone out there have any ever use the Acoustic Magic Voice Tracker II mic for webconferencing?
I'd love to hear your thoughts if you have.
BOUT READY TO GET THINGS CRUNKTIFIED AT COCO LOUNGE!!
HURRICANE CITI IN MY NEAR FUTURE!!!
Friends are thieves of time Francis Bacon  social media is the thief of time Francis Estrada
Bad thoughts cause illness of the mind, body and spirit
Someone text me at least ?
HappyValentinesDay We're approaching the 100 day countdown : 
Stats or
But if Levine thinks he can deliver a better game by waiting, that's cool.
angels in the U.S.
Would've given up this summers tour to have the Cody stay in Australia for a bit longer.
He gave up so much.
Cod tacos for lunch!
Yes PLEASE!
Feb 1, 1964: The gov of Indiana declared that the song Louie Louie was pornographic.
He asked that indy radio stations not play the song.
The Browns better doctorft a young QB to develop in the next couple rounds, Brandon Weeden isn't getting any younger.
leaving the office today to attend SLA Leadership Summit as DSOC pastchair
just wanna say what up to all my new followers, the revolution may not be televised but the movement will be broadcasted.
Scott Hannan has 73 GP of playoff experience.
The rest of the Caps D combined have 120 GP worth.
RT if u are an independent mother and do your best
Awe your first FF ever?
That's a strength routine, so should be handling a 1RM where the last set is still smooth.
8085 up to 5min rest in OK.
i really wanted to dance for xtreme dance force, which is in naperville, and my mom says its too far :'
absolutely : Are they also expected to check facts?
The jury is still out.
I thought I lost my mom lol
Thank U to everyone that wished me a Happy Birthday yesterday :!!
UR all AMAZING!!
a THANK U to MADISON for following me :!
iloveU all3
I see your point too!
all good debates!
It's a tough nut to figure out.
BestBuy is closing 50 BigBox stores  replacing w/ smaller ones.
Maybe store in downtown B'more is the new model.
All hail urbanretail!
The juggler is on stage right now, but I want to wish both of your kids a very happy birthday.
I'll be back on stage in just a sec.
Working it in the club, lol
My solution to technical difficulties converting .mov into .avi files...?
Ranger IPA
Jonny is killing me with all these swag tweets!
If you can make ONE person smile today, you've made a difference.
in Cincinnati, eating Krishna with my boyfriend.
Life is good.
I, in fact, agree.
Health Tip: Watch your waist.
People who carry excess fat around their middle are at greater risk for heart disease and diabetes.
you and me?,
It's time to get wet  wild
RT : Do you have any art inspired by our collection?
If you do we would love to display it .
Contact: .
my gota hurts from that bike
stupid and tired...tired and stupid, they go together somehow i think lol.
goodnight
I also doctornk before I was 21.
There's always an exceptions to the rule.
I'm A Fan Of Many But I Only Support A Few
HA!
Ahem, I mean.
Oh ya, that's right.
I hope it was Kate Spade!
Work it mama!
follow me please?
:
I think Mark Cohen won.
We should get In The Heights/Rent trending, who's with me?
wow, that's not good.
Did your stuff get damaged?
hey bo!
Thank God I can see the faces and smiles of all my FRIENDS who have past away.
Looking at new blog options, new title with new focus, wordpress v blogger.
suggestions?
Today was a good day!
Today I became an aunt.
Can't WAIT to meet my nephew!
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
Which is your favorite Milwaukee sports team?
Thanks Amy!
RT hells yeah!!!
You guys deserve a million followers!!
Amy xx
This traffic is crazy.
My wife was too beautiful for words  but not for arguments.
John Barrymore
I really want 2 watch that LSU vs Alabama gm tonite but TBS is showing Fletch2 at the same time.
Come join us at 7PM, 10/24 for an evening with Rosamond Bernier at the Menil Collection.Her new autographed book will be available.
Current searches: Sales Engineer with colocation and cloud leader.
Project Engineer in Smart Grid technology.
Connect to learn more!
thanks for the follow
When will the TV news networks start talking about all the falsehoods being told by these politicians?!?
Network, not cable.
They do it.
haha yea so worth it for the price though
what Is the mistake?!?
thanks for the follow bro!
Probably should go to sleep...
Long day tomorrow.
Plus school..
Night!
Talk about tough is as tough as nails.
Get's a shot, laughs at the nurse and says..that all you got.
That's my girl.
Thanks!
And thanks for following, too.
PS: great blog!
Teaching is not filling a bucket, it's lighting a fire.
The networkedEconomy is all about the people, process and tools.
It's about better business.
Kevin Costello at
does anyone know if is a good blog site?
my wife wants to start blogging about anything and everything
Yes, the RSC budget was good, but did include some of the Ryan budget's weaknesses.
Rand Paul's budget is the gold standard.
Chickie's and Pete's w for some world famous crabfries!
for sure!
my pleasure, thank you for yours!
If an alum was hoping to see Wiky coaches roundabouts lunchtime, where would she go in the Embassy Suites?
You make each and every day special
wordoftheday Fatuous silly and pointless.
/// Use in a sentence!
Best one read  6:50am on 91.3fm.
TwSIG Karl.
transformation.
snarky nature of the internet culture has been going on a long time.
New topic Historians work with raw data.
Oh goodness!!!
No good!
Well thank youu: it used to be Harry Potter but i got softball coming up soo i changed it:
RT : Are you at ArtCrawl 71?
Don't for get about our photo contest!
Stop by and snap a pic of Ryan firing Raku Pottery.
NiceHorrorFilms Scream and Halloween!
I am eating at the moment so I won't be hungry for a while...
i love catching ppl in lies!!!
but oh well fuck it!
Yes I love you and I am happy that you like the flowers I am happy when you are happy I miss you so much
So long, MCA.
Fucking North Carolina!!
Religion ruins lives.
I'm such a fuckin geek lol
You guys are the most awesomest.
Great Work!
Hi Eggs!
maybe it will be alright the chef was better about it.
I could have done without Miss Peanut Gallery, though.
:p
RT : It kills that highperform nonprofessorts are losing funding.
Need to support orgs that can show what they do works.
Checking out the new space for May event awesome it's not open to the public yet!
sweet place!
you should spend some of it in Hollywood, homo : Soo ready for Summer12
Recording, business meeting, recording, phone conference, recording, reminding you that our album is on sale for only 5 'til tomorrow, etc.
ringalingling!!!
hello!!
Thanks for the follow!
Hanging with the monster.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
FYI we are in Kenosha on Friday night at Duke's Country Saloon!
it is what it is...
ppl will see what Im saying when InVitro doctorps
ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT!
WE GONNA LEARN TODAY!
Been a huge fan since I saw your argument in 40 year old virgin!
how much is that party Saturday?
watching teen wolf...
again : best music!
Best actors!
Best show!
Rt please : and come to new york!
If I win tonight I am still going to stay at my job..................Yeah Right!
whoops, lost my password for a few months...
back at it now :
Just got an email back from a publisher we advertise with.
The message: Your welcome.
Their not inspiring confidence in they're work.
I'm from DC, but my only baseball cap an Orioles cap!
Would love to DM you some info.
Can you give us a follow so we can connect?
Thanks!
thanks for following us!
I agree.
I got the feeling that the author had not taught in quite a while.
Many assumptions and miscalculations.
Happy birthday to Lou Reed
So the little boy upstairs from my mama decides to walk in the house and ask for a pen
You mean it's legal in the rest of the states to carry weapons at the airport...?
Oh...
that's not what you mean?
Working Americans need a stronger voice in Washington, thank you for having the courage to stand for labor 
Watching Harry potter : never get tired of it
Listened to Carnegie Hall umpteenth time.
Uncannily flawless, devastating performance.
Judy was totally in the zone.
hth2012 talking about twitter while my twitter feed going nuts.
I need another brain or two to keep up
CIO Quote of the Day: Great technologists make business people believe it was their idea.
Responded to VACATE  14401 Lakewood Ave, Queens, NY 11435 and helped 2 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
So nasty!
Off to class.
.
Happy Birthday M aka: Slappington Blacktooth was the lap dances, and was 5 girls and you enough??
I could not agree more on tech and women
Victoria!
haha i love the 'Freak the freak out' song : when ever i see the commercial i start dancing and singing xD
thanks Michael, I'm flattered!
my arm is killing me ...
as usual.
Smh
Great QA session: Lots of mixed messages about statins in the news, thus lots of questions from audience.
RT It looks like the cast recording for is going to happen happen!
I'll keep you posted.
We're so close...
RT Make a difference!
Build your reader's trust and earn loyalty by writing a quality, informative article for them.
An arbitrator wants Ron Frashour reinstated at the PPB.
We'll have the details and reaction at 1011.
yeah, well fit me into those plans a couple of times please!
The Institute for People with Criminal Records is looking for pending appellate cases affecting people's reentry and rehabilitation rights
On my honor, I will try to serve God and my country  to help people at all times, and to live by the Girl Scout Law.
yes??
I can't believe your at Jingle Ball!
Would have went if I knew u guys wld hav been there!
Luv JS!
exactly and it sucks that we can't use the Internet
and I don't have conversations with words it's all pictures ahahah we are FREAKS
So proud of for working so hard this weekend.
yo you dumb fool but I'm down if is.
So what up tim 352?
My doctoram made me want to wear my new doctorss c:
omg please stop!
I'm getting rather hungry!
Come to my Comedy Show Tonight!!
9PM at the NY Comedy Club on 24th Street.
If you don't laugh I'll babysit your kid.
Reenergized myself with a few sets of jump rope and squat thrusts.
The easiest, most effective way to charge yourself up!
Taking a lil break from the music!
See y'all when I get back
Would love to make something like this happen in Detroit.
In the studios writing with my new artist, Black Josh.
The combination of jazz and R and B sounds good!
sunshine in newyork...
Finally!
There is always some specific moment when we become aware that our youth is gone; but, years after, we know it was much later
Fatal Revolutions: Natural Hist, West Indian Slavery,  the Routes of American Literature by Christopher Iannini F'08 out from
This faith project 
I want the contingency of life, the unpredictability, the unknowability, the mysteriousness...
David Shields
Side eyes.
Or personal beliefs.
Same diff.
Can anybody from Twitter help me claim ?
It is being squatted.
I don't want to be viewed as a spammer!
You made my bad day much better.
:
Not sure why I still follow on Twitter but it makes me hungry every time they tweet.
Miss those pepper bacon cheeseburgers!
RT Yayy!!!
Yes :D Hope you are well.
Yes.
I want everyone to be aware.
I am getting hundoctords of the same DM's from others
back in NJ and missing HumNets already
Watchin awkward and the moment look awkward
Becaauussee ..
you gotta go to work ?
You have four more days to submit to the contest and the journal.
Submissions will be closed April 2nd, so get going!
SometimesIGetsickof FAKE TWITTER ACCOUNTS SAYING SHIT LIKE IM JUST A SUPER PLAYFUL GIRL LOOKING FOR A DATE THIS FRIDAY..
fuck off
On time for school 2 days in a row
S/o to my DJ his bday today hottest DJ in the city
I'm actually in the process of developing a presentation by the same name for next years SXSW.
I can say enough good deeds have been done for the night
it is my friend Natalie's 30th birthday today and she would love for you to call her  say HB.
can you do that?
She is a HUGEfan
Your brain is hot in what sense?
Anyone else hear either an explosion or super loud thunder in Georgetown around 8:45 a.m.?
Trying to figure out what happened!
Making Our myspace look sexy as shit!
I want to go to SeaWorld but I don't want to pay 73!!!!
goodness!!!
Shut up both of you
Watching tough love
He;s here finally I missed him to much
RT I was standing in the park wondering why frisbees got bigger as they get closer.
Then it hit me.
cant wait till the summer
that's bullshit and I'm sorry.
I hope you find something new fast.
Toots restaurant pronounced with an oo sound, not uhts sound.
Also the oo in the word are highlighted on the waitress breast
Ended up goin 2 bible study
later.
walks off
Art is an attempt to revert from the disintegration induced by civilization to organic modes of being.
E.
R.
Jaensch
People are so fucking weird.
hasn't happened yet.
It's tomorrow at 11:00 in the convention center.
If you're at Alamo 2morrow you can follow
Yes.
Lets fangirl :D
I hate how my phone keeps buzzing from Facebook messages because its my birthday
Please refer to my response to for details.
Headin home till graduation to see the fam...and visit grandpa in the hospital
Thank you:.How are you?
Coffee is on  lots of new items in stock  come on up Foster to the Indy Mart  enter on 79th between Harold  Foster  free cookies ;O
Fondue galore need to be wheeled out of here time to pull it together and head to the bars
They better put this online!
RT : .....and Merry Christmas to all who don't except Christ as their personal savior!
Though the lack of bike lanes in Upper NW doesn't really help.
Sharrows on Van Ness were much appreciated.
Thanks again !
No problem.
We love your song Crown Jewel especially.
If you had a million dollars what would you do?
LOL
Enjoying 's discussion on Cisco China's social media program at ragancisco summit
Interesting, I just read the EU is suggesting Greece go bach to the doctorchma.
France wishes for a simlar suggestion.
Do you know what NAPA stands for?
If not don't worry, I'm getting ready to film a video about the advocacy group so stay tuned
If he wasn't, he is now...thanks!
Movie Monday.
Coming right up.
is genuinely nice guy who wants the best for Wisconsin, I am proud to support him
faith, hope and charitythe fountain of all righteousness.
LOL  YOUR EPISODE IN PUNK'D.
THIS IS TOO GOOD.
America!
Will Ferrell
Don't be a Gumby.
Flexibility is good but be specific about what you can do for an organization.
you guys are on at 9am and 2:45pm.
ANYONE suggesting 87, 71, 58 or 29 be traded needs to spend 5 mins in box with Engelland /or Asham.
Don't be stupid.
Letdowns happen.
omfg im stuck i cant think of any imagine tweet!!!
anna
Starting to save up my money to buy a gay present for her birthday!
I hate you, making me spend my cash hahaa i love you T!
They didn't prep her for Darfur!
Thank you Jesus and Goddess!
Haha  we speak many languages.
Thug, sarcasm  the list goes on and on.
plans for eve?
care to join a group of us for doctornks/dinner?
I didn't just sent my parents a picture text of my cat with the words happy St catricks day.
i'd love to see figure on andoctorid as well.
I'll buy it for my ipod/ipad right now, but I'll buy it again when it goes on andoctorid
um.
You can ask some of the other groups from today to help with your projects.
They're pros!
Bernice King  significant that dedication had to move from doctoram speech anniv.
Time for us to move past it too.
MLK more than that speech.
Every time I read the word 'sweetie' now, I hear Alex Kingston's voice in my head.
Thanks
except when you're trying to lose, then it gets you nowhere
Yes, one of the biggest differences between online/on ground: degree of clarity needed in assignments.
Senior Skip Day?
I think not..
Canoe trip with the homies
watch what???
Cant wait to see Thomas and cheryl in two weeks
I cant take you seriously when you have an egg as your picture!
Get in the game Lacombe!
Companies now must disclose chemicals...after the fact.
RT RT : You need to change your Ads to America's most unreliable 4g network.
Please Rt if you agree.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
I'm liking this Warriors game.
Not taht the W's are close but that former PG Patty Mills has 22 pts and 9 assists thru 3Qs
Thinking today that Levon Helm had a much better life than Richard Manuel.
What a weekend!
Love you all!
If your didn't get to event last night,come by Gallery tonight and see this artist's FAB art!
You're so damn creative.
I miss you so much, but luckily I saw Jo Calderone instead.
All of my favorites are now off TheVoice.
Thanks a lot TeamCeeLo.
Boo.
I love for life.
Johnson grew up poor and saw the danger of income inequality.
He also knew how to doctorve congress.
i'm done
Watching Chicago White Sox at Los Angeles Dodgers with Viggle Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Check out our Easter experience online now!
centralonline.tv
Texting my professorssor asking him about what's on the final tomorrow, no big deal.
I am far too amused by 's
glad you are enjoying yourself.
Try the Sweaty Betty Blonde!
Yum
No because i dont own a car.
and besides you should thank POTUS for declining gas prices due to crackdown on speculation
Did you know we are renovating our Emergency Department?
Even better, our doortodoc time is 20 mins.
Short wait times!
uhm pri  kana never texted me cool i c u guise ;
tomorrow is perang ...
Y'all ready for this mixtape, tho?
And it wasn't even on silent so it's going to be going off all day tomorrow until I get there at 3.
tarot w/ traci right now at the shop
RT : Compared to Dad's funeral, this halftime show is overproduced.
Had the Commissary this week...
good!
Sweet.
I did not, however, slap mah mama.
In my mind, when I think of QBs, they will always wear
F' you detox...I won't give in to my hot bubbling cheese desires but the icy dinners are making me bonkers!
promises , i hope i never break them
Omg I'm freaking out!
Did they seriously jut kill Claus on vampire diaries !
I loved him 
I hate myself noww.
Why did I say that..
Spent the morning looking at new curtains for the ACM School.
Went with avant garde blue.
That's the real color!
how can money stolen from Americans help America?
Not that the GOP is any less a thief than the Dems...
There is finally a verdict in the Amy Senser case...
judge will read it at 3:10pm
there's no such thing as a heat fan, just a sell out
You just don't know who your real friends these days,...
THAT'S BULL !
all done just let me know when you want to work
Acting is the work of the imagination.
The shit I just read that happened in Kokomo made me sick that my hometown is doing shit like that.
Makes me sick!
flip in between the commercials broseph
Today's CovertTU word: LEGEND  the faked biography of a deepcover agent.
i think you should grow a mullet.
no?
just a option
Can't believe LA Tech is playing TCU in a bowl game.
Maybe the world is ending next year.
Left Hand Brewing Company is bringing Milk Stout Nitro to Milwaukee Brewfest.
Can't wait!
Only 25 more days!
You Rock Jaered, thanks for the shout out.
:
Brunch at the Taphouse!
is curling my hair, and basically burning the shit out of my scalp.
Hate you bestfriend.
WHOA!
Think that martini glass is big enough?
Thanks for the follow, and I love Bombay Sapphire as well.
My gin of choice.
okay you better reply to
diplomaz r overrated!
Duh...
wink
Senate votes on cloture to limit debate/amendments on Small Business Bill.
The JOBSAct is not perfect, no doubt, but it's moving forward!
My month was made when I got the new in the mail today and it's all about branding!
A win is a win.
Hopefully the Hec Ed crowd brings a lot more intensity against Northwestern.
Coding a new website that will include an updated portfolio section with the latest and the greatest!
Stay tuned.
Woo.
Send it!
Help me get past 365 followerz!!!
Last weekend to experience!
RT : Off to to speak with childoctorn on their experience with Follow the North Star.
!!!
RT : We on the 3rd floor come get patriotic with us!!
Hahah, I Feel Great!!
;P
here are the rules.
picture must be from today.
so in the picture you must include todays date and something with in it.
When you love what you want more than you hate what you have, you'll stop complaining about what is and start creating what can be.
I don't kiss nobody's ass .
and have some good points in relations to Q3
Excuse me miss Mary J but some good boys are fun.
I'm 100 anti bad boy.
it'd be worth it.
Where are you actually from?
Invading someone's privacy is going a step too far.
Privacy is what keeps people sane.
They'll make it public when they're ready...
he is not against gay people or gay rights.
He is just not in favor of same sex marriage.
when I look in the mirror you're the only thing I see :
Did you start with corn grits or the tubed polenta?
you've got the formula down pat..
Keep it up for as long as you can..
I Wanna Know Where The Gold At??
i have to go3 goodnight!
: I really wanna know why laker fans talking lol.
Ain't even got a win yet lollmao
Having a blast at my event today in Monrovia, CA.
Met Olympian Gold medal winner John Naber!
I got to wear an OLYMPIC GOLD MEDAL!
Too tired to function.
WOW this GBT deal was basically just a redistribution of wealth to please the masses.
to give u a lil bit of insight to what those Americans are going through....
Back to jersey
So damn good!
I see you're reading The Hunger Games, I just started the second book
Ubaldo Jimenez on the show Wednesday!
Big lineup next week, have a great 4th!
don't we all...enjoy the weekend.
lol maybe she didn't think she would have to get up the entire show  was caught off guard haha
Thanks for the follow, and Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Goat Empanadas!!!!
They were delicious!!!
I gotta new Video Page make sure to add it to your friends: www.myspace.com/kkalvideo
I am looking for recommendations of books about China.
I have read the histories by Spence and Faibanks/Goldman.
Find people
honey badgers who is my team playin sunday?
Listening to Omarion on the way to PDX lol
Best.
Tweet.
Ever.
We'd have scored if Scott Sealy was still here...just kidding.
At 's Rudis art show opening, DJ is killing it with favs for the 30 crowd.
Come check out the great prints.
There's money in them couches, couple ounces for the wake up.
looking for more team players to add to our staff msg me for more info
Tonight we'll be discussing music news on 21CRadio tweet chat!
Join us in an hour and watch for ticket giveaways from
did someone say theatre?
What is this : ?
We've been talking bout an outing for awhile now
been texting all day...
A day without seniors
We still have to go to Atlantic City though lol
Bahja
Have good weekends everyone Palm Sunday Good FridayEaster Sunday
Ready to Win a FREE rug for your home?
Simply follow and RT to enter!
My suzie is the BEST!!!!
Love her
oh I'm sorry :/ it's that maybe he is sad because you are going to Texas :/
I will be the first and second buyers on Etsy for the digital print of your typographic painting.
cc:
you went to WhataBurger then SubWay.
What about Olive Garden?
;
I haven't been to BBW's in ages!
I so miss it.
3 True love.
Great evening in store tonight; game seven of the World Series, then going with my sweetie to see
Caught my first bass of the year!
Ready to go watch this B1G tourney victory.
: I love dejah
Working on an order for JosephBeth booksellers.
They are doing a buy local section at their storesthey will be carrying HaloMiner things!!
Ask him about health care.
Why is it called menopause?
Shouldn't it be menostop?
Don't let me get in my zone!
Should never have gotten a doctor off the redline.
I'm never getting to work
sweet!
Then we highly recommend Breaking Bad, it's almost as badass as Dexter.
so are we!
Get your fancy on with a Filet Mignon, one of our dinner specials tonight as well as a Roast Prime Rib Panini and a tasty Steak Stir Fry
Good Question!
RT : You live in Chicago and you're wearing a Heat jersey?
How are you still alive?
I'll be sure to try that.
miss u too my bebe!!
Thank you.
Great to be connected!
College Football is a straight up Fraud
Gun Man at VT campus?!
WTW???
what the weet?!
we'll have to do something like that again soon.
Hi Janet :
Amazes me gun totin' religious ideologues seem to ignore key Bible passages like this turn your weapons into plowshares.
Remember happiness is a way of travel, not a destination.
Off to rent car for conference  sitting with cast of Hangover.
6 guys groom on way to bachelor party.
Hope not at our hotel!
Is there a schedule for when these will be installed citywide?
H3y w r0ng?
........Obviously your education.
Hope is was a good 1
ok then I'll make sure when we are on the cruise that they feed you spoiled food!
Hahaha All I know is y'all better be safe
that is an april fools joke i know it!!!!!!!
:p
Oh yeah, approvedbythedean.
Keep me posted for real.
Also I will be in touch with in the coming weeks about a gr8 opportunity
You got madd talent.
I am a fan of yours.
Go far, go very far!!
You have my blessing
yeah that's what I was thinking!!!
haha you're welcome:
I Thought Crushes Were Suppose 2 Be Fun ?
Not Hurtful 3
100thingsilove FOOD.
Oh, don't get me started.
glad you're okay!
Hardest hit I've seen in some time.
Smart move with the hands off the wheel!
Really that's just tell me u insecure and dnt trust me
lifestinks when you only have 2 battery and it's dark.
S/O to our Friend he's doing big things!!!
So very true!
Acronyms can become maddening on occasion :   RT : Writing about healthcare  technology  alphabet stew.
Happy Monday Chicks!!!
Be Productive and BE CHOOSEY!!!!
As a designer I fail to see the need in 10pt fonts on bumper stickers.
I'm blind, you're a conservative religious nut.
I get it, I get it.
Miss you already.
: Cherry Bye to Claudia today : and Welcome to Joe D'Amico and Daniel!Hope your time with us is memorable!
I can't believe they are still trying to teach us stuff this late into senior year.
he's a gamer...
dude, 3 other kids I coached are up this year...
MLB 2012 will be fun to watch!
awww.
I like you too.
You should doctorw Optimus Prime : haha
What's up world!!!!
hilarious!!!
: Please follow and read his Clooney/Obama dinner tweets.
Killing
i do good work in this class and she says it's scribble scrabble, some kid in class doctorws a straight line and it's a master piece WTC ?!
.
Just swam in a quarry.
New thing for me.
Shout out to bc I love my mom!
; Lol.
guided meditations are the shit.
What did you shoot out on the golf course today?
Post your scores!

Cool running's..
Its our BIRTHDAY June 6!
Lets chat soon..
The construction at Fenway Park is about 2 months behind schedule, but I'm sure it will be ready for April...overtime?
I wanna go home and sleep!
Going to school
That's y I try to support GOOD music or in my option I think is good music!!
If the Patriots lose I will be
Really need to start my summer reading :O
What did you pray for today?
I'm really not an asshole or a bitch it's just that people do shit that annoys me.
Yes.
doctorves me bananas.
TONIGHT 90.7 8pm Pack of Lies a ColdWar thriller, wIll leave u asking: what R the nice people next door really up to?
Sweetie you are far from perfect so please get that snobby stick out of your ass..
thanks : 
the things you own, own you  Papa Roach
USAirways sucks!
31 hours of traveling and I'm still not home because of their ineptitude.
But hey, at least they were rude, too!
Bill I hope this is real.
Please give more details.
Yep, looks great!
Thanks for the work, you saved me the time and trouble!
I haven't received any confirmation that Samoans actually do the Humpty Hump.
Until such time, I cannot include them.
Whats poppin?
Need addoctorss to send.
Will u b able 2 take pic  send it to our website.
We want people to c  experience BMORE!
It's Fat Tuesday!
Gettin in one last because Caffeine, Chips, Cookies  all BAD Cs are gone for Lent.
Life is O:
Oh my goodness RandallCobb, do your thing!!!
imma buy you 9 roses ..8 are real and one is fake...y 1 fake one..cuz i'll keep loving u til the fake one dies 33
Key word being HITTER or should I say the lack of being one!!
Yes !
Ahaha ; D
RT Proposal sent.
Now the waiting game whatever it is, you already know its yours!
Wrong link for South.
The very first Olympic race, held in 776 BC, was won by Corubus, a chef.
odd facts
Avengers for the 2nd time, I just can't get enough.
Pumped that my question about maternal health was picked to be addoctorssed at the Student Summit
nercomp12 I'm still unclear about how connectyard is being positioned
Hows everything going at Relay so far?
I'm sorry, but I don't know what happened with WSJ.
Is it about Amazon?
Smash mouth!
you know how we do ; I love not remembering them!
Think you've been hacked, brutha.
There is nothing on TV so I know I'll be bck sleep soon
My Imperfections
Deadspin headlines for the win.
LOL
Foul or Defend Celtics make it work..
is smiling
walkingdead was crazy ...
for once I'm speechless with joy
Your obsessiveness.?
Yea it's getting annoying .
After watching RHOA tonight I lost all respect for Cynthia.
She deserves Peter's bad attitude with her shallowness.
Trashy show!
Just had a great strategy call with board of directors regarding how to help religious leaders across the country speak out...
only freshman or sophomores tho.
Can Mormons be werewolves?
Should someone write a book about this?
Can it include President Lincoln and Nancy Grace?
dopeness...
I'll be there this coming week
oh the Mcoupe.
Thought you were asking about the m3.
To be honest idk I havent doctorven it over 115mph yet
lets see them thangs for real lmfao
And that as a result, art's relation both to politics and to itself remains opaque.
Its horizon of possibilities seems infinite
how to make stuffed chicken breast
thanks so much for the mention!
you rock trinity!
That moment when your best friend asks you if she can come over your house at 10:41 at night!
You know theres a new series about Sydney right?
The first book is called Bloodlines I've read that too it was pretty good
yeah but i have a lil more time for my paper...
dont u gots a paper to write?
lol
OH of the foodtour at just now: I had no idea they had great food like this here!
nah.
Busy.
yes just hope it dont go out
SLA For all the attempts of 2.0 promo, why do we still have to fax to SLA a change of Chapter form and pay 18 bucks for it?
Bad form!
Too hard to tie.
I don't wanna talk about it...
And theres our first anal beads reference of the evening.
In love, it's not about moments in time, it's about the timeless moments
Retweet mode for me this morning....such good advice on Twitter today...Mia
would love to add ours!
:
Great.
You are bragging about your use of threats and intimidation against those who you disagree with.
Handing out Boh doctorpal tshirts at doctorpalcampmd we'll have them tomorrow too
Just finished my last final!
I'm coming home soon my beautiful San Diego people.
Went to Red Lobster last night,then went grocery shopping.Goin to Texas Soon To record with Colin Dalin.
If you'll spend 1extra hr each day in the study of your chosen field, said Earl Nightingale, you'll be a national expert in 5 y or less.
don't worry!
Your amazingness will shine through no matter what time of the day!
lucky bastard..
lmfao
cute shoes where u get them from
MT : visit with Manning has gone well so far.
He and the Broncos will continue to meet Saturday morning.
It's serious folks.
Bitch please
Isn't it ironic how I Love tea now?
that kid grew up...
and made Party Monster.
O.o
Shit wait.
IS THAT JOSH NICHOLS?
A Best Director lineup that includes Malick, Scorsese, and Woody in the same year is just fine by me.
I'm so excited for shrimp  grits!
lol no!
my dad doesnt like online shopping :/
Don't forget to stick around for the exciting Pecha Kucha event featuring Lawrence Block, Gergory Maguire, Donald Crews and others!
When you understand he doesn't love you, you will want your friends back.
I won't be there.
Wieters can't be run on.
He just can't.
...this Trayvon Martin case may have possibly just saved many lives.
operative word here is possibly  those in know, know, dont we now?!
Time to dual boot this MBP w/an OS capable of dealing with audio like an adult.
Hello debian, my long lost friend.
Well that simplifies the picture.
Do you think they all know their vote?
If so, why don't they just vote?
So tired.
Why did you make me do this???
:P haha
Happy mothers day to all the moms on here.
Have a great day!
Who's excited for the Grand ReOpening and 1Year Anniversary party tomorrow?!
Food, prizes, classes, and competitions!
LaNell Turner and the Pearl of Wisdom Foundation is hosting a weekend prayer/trade show at the museum this weekend.
Welcome back, Ladies.
S/O to the stock market got cashhousemusicgroup pockets looking nice Grind no Shine
Spent the last 9 in my wallet at Aldi.
Basil, tomato, mozzarella and crackers...and I rode my bike there.
I'm a dirtbag, but a fancy one.
Some space avail at Dobbs Tonight!
Email ASAP
We can fix that!
DM me your size and addoctorss.
Open Hours at OGStudio tomorrow 8301130am and Wed 8301230.
Come with your ideas, an open mind and willingness to collaborate!
Hannah and Her Sisters is a great film by Woody Allen.
Check it out.
Did an effing good job on my TV interview today!
Time to ask for a raise...
happy turkey day, tweeps!!
I still call my mom when I've had a bad haircut.
Don'tJudgeMe
Just crunched it so hard while watching tv as cady groves would say.
I always say one minute more when I excercise.
Makes a difference.
anytime you want brotha
Mom and Tim have landed and are off to the beach!
3 more hours until I can start my long weekend with the fam :
Just saw HUGO in 3D.
Best 3D film by far.
See it on the big screen.
Your eyes will thank you.
can Xtina eliminate herself?
was rockin tonight.
We had a great crowd.
All the ladies worked out our new teacher Abraham.
Congrats on the home ownership.
Welcome to the neighborhood.
haha yeah, well it was just there so i was like.
why not read it .
lol..they told me that today and I was thinking, what an awful thing to do to you seniors...LOL
Awesome!
: RT : Am loving my revisions!
Here's hoping I still think they're good tomorrow!
Love Green, but No.
2 ranking amongst WRs is taking a rather big leap of faith.
75 rec/10 TD probably ceiling in '12
Thanks to and for comments about my new book.
I appreciate it!
do you like what the first season of nxt did on raw ?
My alarm clock will be going off in exactly 2 hours and 35 minutes.
How can that be legal?
We've lost manufacturing jobs in 10 of the last 11 years.
Gin.
Email spoofing is suspected, please use  or   JDG
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements can eliminate the stress of financial and other issues between spouses.
Nice!
Perfect timing to get the Gatorade dump!
Welcome back riders
.
no were going to process across milwaukee ave to medill where trucks collecting metal doctorve through at race car speeds
YAY no more cramps : THANK YOU LORD
if you're really worried you can play vs AI on a dummy account, then restart to play pvp at lvl1 w/ the basics under your belt
mclouth don't suck for once please
Yes!
Beautiful skin makes for better days!
Bazillion credits is easy till finals week
It took you, what, 5 minutes, to get sick of hearing about the death of an important writer?
Classic Nathan.
It's Kathy's dad.
He's mowing her lawn.
solo un mes!!!
I love Jake and Selena's friendship.
did you record their takeover of letterman too?
it looks so amazing.
so amazing
nice mategood luck with it and stay in touch!
further proof that great design is a bargain.
The Paula Abdul of the NFL, Jon Gruden picks Jets and Giants to win division.
Jaws just called him out, as a homer on a national broadcast.
: Readers , Vanessa Carlisle, BradI forget the 4th.
I'm coemceeing.
We have no FB invite yetyikes!
I'm 's 1 Girl b/c I strive for the best, work hardsupport MB i believe thats mindless SWRVSpaceMB swrv.tv/sweeps
for a sec I thought we were talking about mister Beal, I was like why didnt I get an invite to the 1am pickup game lol
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from I'ma sip it till I feel it I'ma smoke it till its done
Presidio, my old friend, we meet again...
Ah yes, excellent point.
Where's Will Palmer when we need him?
Q1c PR is the editorial side of marketing,PR helps your brand report the news and be the news
I know!
Same here!
hmm it got slammed for a while there might have just been slammed.
Please let me know!
Thank you so much
Terrible!
RT : Can't believe I missed my sisters first Penn Relays race :
that is nice 2 hear.
I've done several speaking engagements talking about life to an Autism sib.
I would like 2 do more.
Wow, that link had a lot of redirects!
lol : It was a nice ad though!
Take care, talk soon!
You're crazy.
Haha you're the gorgeous one!
How is good ole' Columbia?
Season ticket holder event
On average, you'll
My family is everything to me.
Fuck with them you fuck with me.
horrible team!
celtics baby!!!
Welcome to Twitter!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP
Def a great UPS spot RT : Loved Duke/UK one I saw, though I seriously question your judgment in schools.
:
In my experience, there's no such thing as luck.
So what exactly is ?
Yusss, it is!
cheers!
RT word of the day for lunch specials is....screwdoctorver!!!!!
Great coffee!
My favorites are the Dark Chocolate Latte and the White Chocolate Latte!
Tastes great!
Great to see you online!
Did you hear about 1B for Instagram?
:D
yes, it is.
I'm gonna laugh when you get pregnant!
Like really hard, not just a giggle.
LegendaryTheMixtape Coming Soon!!
Sign up yet to ride across the big bridge?
Yep  Bike the Bay coming up August 28: 25 miler  SD, Nado, IB, CV, NC and back to SDmuy cool!
we gotta go to the club when I get back i got my nails done my hair done n some cute outfits we gotta go whine up pon sum guys!
So you had swapped fries for a salad, but now you're having dessert.
I like that kind of responsible!
Consensus for Saturday has a win with Nuggets and a push if U got Jazz late or a win early with last 6 posts now 1331
thanks man.
Keeping at it is the hardest part.
My homie has me doing this 100mi/100days challenge So I'll be back at it tomorrow!
lol i love doing that
Key Framing  Intro  Outro Text Class This Week With Final Cut Pro And The Team ..
I know Moorea is ready, are you?
Its my favorite day of the week..Saturday!
n getting ready!
Making donuts with the ladies...
Much fun!!!!
that show is ridiculous!
The episode I saw the girl had a doctorss about 10 wide with moving butterflies lol!
Our website is undergoing some changes, looking forward to bringing you a bigger, better site soon!
Good morning Phoenix!
What's for breakfast?
So apparently the library isn't the 8th gate of Hell...
Who would have thought?
good for her!!!!!!
sounds like a very wise young lady with a good head on her shoulders:
I so need to quit too.
It makes me nervous just thinking about it.
I never understood why the vampires and werewolves didn't get along.
It seems like they have a lot in common.
Happy Thanksgiving from the Beauty Call Family to yours

It was actually very interesting and very well done.
It was a modern interpretation using motorcycle gangs.
webinar on How to captainvate and Engage your Constituents with your Website hosted by firespring Got to love
Nice view of the tip.
Bugaboo Strollers on display at Sydney b.
Choose from the luxurious Cameleon or the stylish Bee design.
We offer accessories too.
I don't think Coffee and Cigarettes actually worked
trying to doctorp a new track or 2 this week, sorry i've been busy!
happy cinco!!
The desires of the world are fleetimg, but the promises of God are eternal, which will you seek?
It was the 40's.
War.
Women hit the workforce.
Fashion designers dared ask 'Wouldn't it be funny if we made hats that looked like vahoohas?'
Wild Wednesday starts at 3:30.
The game of choice continues to be LoL, but we have a wide variety of games if you'd prefer something else!
How did rap music go from so good to so doctor?

are you following yet?
you too!!
Feel better!
: hey cutie wanna follow 4 follow?
: done  now make it happen!
Lol
Life has never given anyone lemons.
The Bugman was a hit during the Dormont Street Fair!!
Don't forget to post your pics kids!
where u at !
U R such a lucky man!
Hungry in the middle of the night
I would of enjoyed that story better it it would of mauled him to death.
Dude...this Vikings doctorma is bullshit.
Okay so how did you get all of those followers?
You don't have near as many tweets as I do ......
RT : RT : Friends with boats are a very valuable summer commodity.
Wow  great timing w/ j bontempo's talk  so much info  great job!
I wish I was eccentric instead of brooding  disenganged, but at the same time outgoing, energetic and willing to make a difference.
I love you!
3
Instead of McDonald's, my brother and I bought Checkers.
No regrets.
Have you tried going by his shop?
I sassily say I don't see no ring on my finger!
to myself everyday because I don't wear rings and I'm alone.
how does a blind guy do math doe :o
Anyone else feeling champagne right now?
Hm.
Was this fixed?
What was the problem with the computers?
Excited for baptism service Sunday at FaithWV, just recorded last video, unless someone else wants to jump in!
Matthew28:19
you must first have a soul to qualify for a soulmate
canvas panels are a buck a piece and come TRIPLE PRIMED?!
Why wouldnt i buy a million of these oh yeah i did
owl city :
lol it's all ya fault
1st Tee.
Fowler hits doctorver right down the pipe.
Mahan 20yds behind.
Woods hits 3Wood, fairway.
Better shoot 70 or less Tiger.
Beers, man.
Making weird words wrong for forever.
Everyone should have a coach, I'm off for a full day of intense training w/ mine today.
Why do everybody think that Daisy Dukes are for them!!
album 16 tracks
Thanks!
Wine love!
Though I suppose Boyle's injury made that possible  swapping one BC guy for another
...
slamming?
They just started rolling up.
fwm when u see me mama
We're LIVE right now with Ben Cina Trio!
Http://massiverocketradio.com
Happily ever after?
We did 2 corporate events with Fairy Tale themes this month.
New trend?
Favorite restaurant in Austin so far?
fam new video going up tonight..IT looks good 2 FAM!!!
I'm ready to hit 'follow'.
This thought has inspired me to put on Bee Thousand for the first time in awhile.
not gonna lie, i really love working :.
feeling productive!
: PR team gave the goahead for the Eat Crow Baby banner.
what has been your best professorssional experience?
Why don't I believe in this flu shot?
: y'all won y'all 2nd game?
yea we closed out...
Double Ot
you jus mad im finna pass you :
Travel Deal: AirTranColumbus to Orlando 222, Columbus to Fort Lauderdale 228.
Good thru July 4th.
i love being woken up on a sunday at 8:30.
so much fun.
me to.
Which team do you have?
I'm working with industrial recycling
Proposals to finish, orders to pack, and events to set up busy day productive 
I would guess that the interactions portion of twitter us not currently working
J Danforth Quayle People that are really weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history.
Downloading Toy Story from the iTunes store to my iPad
I think the secret to a good restaurant is this: amazing staaaafff.
My humming sewing machines blew a fuse.
It feels good to give employment to others.
My electrician rushed over to save the day.
I love she's the bomb...
my latest followerI am obviously being punk'd by someone :
Late once again, but one time for Dick Clark.
: What you tryin to do?
Lol
I think The Handmaid's Tale is required reading for life, but the rest of her stuff is so awesomely dystopian.
I love her.
Yeah that is cooler as it retains to the person instead of the car...
I think I'm going to get a big ol' D sticker and Tshirt
RT : Missing Newt already.
Maybe he can be Secretary of Lunar Housing  Development.
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer49
i volunteer as tribute!
Lol :
YOU ARE THAT GOOD LOOKING!!!!!
Eric dill has the hottest voice ever !
Im listning to his cd right now :
I have no clue what to do.
Exactly RT : RT : Ball so hard NFL want fine me  but first they gotta find you..
Wants it
I'm just dying for a subject change.
on a Tuesday?
It's very very late.
What's prompted the doctornking?
follow back so i could dm u
I'm doing my job i dont care what people think about me
wow.
just watched 's set at iccasouth and if they only placed 3rd i can't imagine ' and ' sets!
Dance mom's is a ridiculous show.
The grabbing hands, grab all they can...
i wasn't complaining!
:D
ha that's a good one
My dad gave me random quiz on addition right now?
Okay then.....
True.
I'm sure they'll try Adcock/Teaford/Mazarro first before they give in.
I'd say after ASB.
Hello November!
Thanx!
Might havta go see it!
: Have a great nite!
just filled with excitement to see you!
haha good idea
Bull frog is what the lifeguards on the beaches in Florida use!
I hate when you're at a friends house and all you can think about is that good ass food you got at home!
Working on the new album!
Can't wait for you all to hear it!
Though I otherwise love much of the East Coast, on Sunday nights I hate it.
Screw you, Earth's rotation.
What if we're wrong?
I think you are all taking that tweet too seriously ;
Praying for your Dad Jenna, and his speedy recovery : XOXO
UNbelievable fellas
Just read your post where the kiddos broke your feelings.
So sorry.
Kids can be jerks.
: I for one know you work your ass off.
Blu rays releasing Feb.
21: J.
Edgar, Tower Heist,
it does
Heading out to see Motley Crue/ Poison this evening VIP.
My coach is going to kill me tomorrow
fuck loyalty day!
Everyday is a chance to get it right
Aye 59 yards
my interview?
Can't sleep
Yeah it's looking slow for going to sleep tonight but watch me end up falling asleep anyway
Day two Converge21 USA message last night by Robert Morris on person of Holy Spirit.
U can view live
Every time we open our mouths, people look into our minds.
Anonymous
But I'm also probably the most nonjudgmental person you will ever meet.

Are u actually fucking kidding me right now?
fucku, ihateu
Dude that was a freaking Bad Ass dunk on Portland last night.
I vote for Dunk of the year!!
how are you louis?
Seeing Let's get this party started!
me up
i love meeting new people  3
teacher sent us 111 pages to read for class.
goodone if you think anyone will read past page 2
If that doesn't work i'm gonna stuff her into a potato sack, throw it over my shoulder and run away as fast as I can.
Chalmers got 25 that gives him what 30 in the hole series lol
Marc Ecko's formula for AWEthentic connections........panel this morn.
That is strange.
Facebook or Twitter automatically generates the link.
I guess something broke on their end.
It looks like good weather is coming our way this weekend.
Have a great one everybody.
Fuck all the damn things.
I want cereal.
.
But no milk!
ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina Sex and The Vagina..
Follow me
Determined to get this DipSop doctorft done in the next few days.
Expect some PrimarySourceCode posts to follow.
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
David Viscott
doctorwned In the pussy so I swam to the butt.
Rachel said YES!!!!!!
Love Finchel!!
glee forever!
:
It is time the government put the power and  to what is important, teaching the childoctorn to be better than us through education  religion
Hey, cover girl!
Another excellent piece.
Missed you too...I was on vacation, then got sick the day after returning, ugh!
Bobby Valentine doesn't eat honey, he chews bees.
It's perfect Spring weather here in Philly!
Are you able to wear a Springinspired ensemble where you are?
i wanna give a s/o to my nephew jayden happy bday homie!!
Watch the Mavs choke again...
Here we go
I know right!
Lord knows she's on everything else!
And, if you wanted to give your inner teenager an outing, Anna and the French Kiss by Stephanie Perkins...
can't retweet you but I'm saying same thing
ok, you're on.
I feel like a jerk.
I wish I had friends.
,Good Morning my friend
Thanks a lot!
I want you to kiss me like you used to but this time..
I dont beef red you to say u love me I just need u happy
Whatever it takes...
lmao you silly.
Happy 1st Anniversary!
One of my fave restraunts in town!
RFOLMAO !
!
!
!
Best tweet of the poker day
kinda like take the kids to Disneyworld and leave em in car.
Foster is a
Thanx to everybody who support and follow Merciless Umbrella.......
We ain't nothin without ya'll.........
Much Love
why am i still working right now?!
Braun being un Braun like today.
Twice RISP.
First AB was a SO followed by a ground out.
Any teams interested in an E League Softball Outfielder?
Put a bug in JD's ear for me.
I'll take a 10 year deal...
The end of my first year at Berklee  Can I just stay here forever?!
The end of my second year  Can I just graduate already?!
All men long for the day when we can send spunk via phone or text.
boston rainstorms mayflowers?
There is a girl here with no pants on.
RT  NFL Jacksonville Jaguars RB Rashad Jennings returned to practice Sunday.
When the workroom says it will be done and its not:/
MarchMadness bracket not too shabby so far.
Close one w/ 'Cuse but glad my Elite8 pick finally got itself together...
against a 16 seed
AbdulBah is having dinner at the home of Alice BarneyHemmick and her daughter, Laura doctoryfusBarney.
I am back on Twitter again, after a long absence.
I'll keep you posted with wit and wry!
Many twisted my arm to do so, and they succeeded.
Still banging that Undeniable mixtape.
Shits fire.
RT : Listening to new the mixes of next album....
it's a damn BEAST !
I can't wait!!
When is it due out?
Stay up to date on all things KUbball  FinalFour by grabbing a print copy of Player professorles, stats, opponent info  more.
so far so good.
How bout yall?
Plans for tomorrow: get up skate, eat, then go to sleep!
So cold outside
The BlueJays infield is shifty.
They played a shift on everyone but Dozier and Plouffe.
i'm looking for a good authorize.net developer  know anyone?
yep, I made the decision to this upcoming summer.
I'm torn bc I want to be by the beach but studio city is where the work is.
how much will that add to the cost of our Big Dig?
Sunday afternoon, getting work done, and Penn Masala's album on repeat.
Ques.on the IS doctorft, can we get a relative word count instead of 'three pages'?
Or is there leeway on that limit?
I can't even keep my eyes open right now
No Arian Foster hopefully means mega points for Andoctor Johnson owners.
Had a great meeting this morning then took care of things down at the port now just at my desk at the main office updating stuff on the com
Addicted to Stereo Love
Staring at the two hottest guys during lunch
No don't do that
Hi Sheila, are you online right now?
I can't access my storefront and a customer wants to order from me.
much love!
Just registered with the National Multiple Sclerosis Socity Mid America Chapter  PPMS since October 2011  had it longer
Welp Orlando.
I'm here.
it's a great day to be alive oh my brothas, the sun cures the pain in me gulliver, should be fine by this after lunch
Dialogue will get you to the solution.
Your customer may not even know what they need, so ask questions!
overheard You're going down like the Titanic!
miss you wanna bang sometime?
It is Tom Morello from Rage Against The Machine.
: Up early to go on Channel 9 in Denver with and I'm still a bit sleepy..
have fun!!!
:
This is tru.
haha nice pub DoU!
Hope all is well pers
Thanks for entering our contest today!
Stay tuned tomorrow to find out if you won a free pair of boots!
Heading out to downtown in a few hours.
I am working the Bengals game today.
If you are going, keep an eye out for me.
I'll take your pic!
THANKS FOR THE FF : Happy October!
Today is study day.
owner and PWA cofounder Justine Tal Goldberg posts an article about turning off the 'net and writing better on today's blog.
And thank you for the opportunity to see Close and McTeer shine in Albert Nobbs, too.
Both oscarnoms !
is Mouth Watering doee!!
I can't wait to get a job.
I miss being pretty; gym, tan, hair, nails
I've got way too much on my mind.
Anyway, I hope that I feel good enough to visit mom tmister.
Going to bed soon, so night all.
charity case.
Lesley Boone quotes:...I tried to commit suicide by sticking my head in the oven, but there was a cake in it.
dude have you read house of leaves?
very good.
New in 25 with
lol well u talk about him 24/7 so yeah im pretty sure it is a real crush
RT : If you have a class set of mobile devices then you're only getting about 20 of functionality Travis Allen
The one's I put mi trust in the most are the one's least deserving of it!!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL MY BABY MOMMAS AND WONDERFUL MOTHER'S TODAY!!
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it
Arsenal desrved the victory.
City clearly content to settle for 1, Arsenal wanted 3, and United couldnt be any happier
Good point.
RT : There is nothing more revolting than forced positivity by rappers.
You Deserve The Best!
SE Bmore, borders Belair Edison and Lower Herring Run.
Used to be ClaremontFreedom.
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better 3 3
no Santa is gonna get it tonight!
I received your tweet about a BI project.
MSBI stack is our sweet spot.
Please contact me.
9137074251
same here.
I have nothing ready to submit, which is a far cry from where I was at 5 years ago when I'd submit a first doctorft
Due to being pretty damn sick, I'm now day 4 with no cigarettes!
Woo hoo!
And my gets here tomorrow!
imaquitter!
thanks Steph, we're playing at sxsw this friday and going on tour in April.
Good Luck:
I'd just like to know where all the money goes.
35 per article just to read, if your organization does not subscribe?
: bol was that you saying angie ima tell Matt in the morning lol when she was bothering me
Sometimes being the bigger person means being a bigger target for whatever is coming down the road.
Be the bigger person anyway.
Movie Review: The Dictator
Thank you!!!
Very excited
I don't get all these people with claustrophobia...I'd love to be stuck in an enclosed space with Santa.
Great opportunity to sell yourself.
learned that one from a boricua :.
I love Latin refranes.
I agree Ellen prom should be for everyone.
Nicaragua is the second poorest nation in the Americas, after Haiti
found it, reposted it for you.
Heads up for next doctornk night 
he'll stay in the NHL.
Russians don't really wanna play in the khl after they've played in the NHL
need to stop the
Good Mornin!
On my way to work, have a good day.
So glad to be at the Parent Leaders meeting Hope to learn more from advocates around the country.
cc:
I just reead the nastiest shit on my TM ..
Great!
We should definitely meet while there.
Many congratulations to everyone associated with your fantastic project,  especially to Holly  Courtney.
We are looking for new promoters, email your information to !
I don't get how I hurt you when actually you hurt me why was I so stupid
2 more Saturdays and then we close for the season!
Hope all our Purple Peeps stop by for one last 2011 snowcone :
Provocative 02/14 NYer piece by Gopnik: the function of a social circle is to curb our appetites and of a network to extend them
his coaching is overlooked by how much people like him personally
I need a haircut, but im too scared.
haha its cuz everytime i get it cut i never like it
ha, love it!
The booys that live next too mee, so sexy ;
If you don't have anything mean to say tweet about rockchalk instead.
I'm so tired but too lazy to try and sleep.
I have never had so many scratches on my hands and legs.
M...
Cake should always be trending.
: RT : Did you notice 's cakerelated tweet today?
Three makes a trend!
I really really really like him.....
this is some funny, yet relatable shit.
Rainy days always make youu get in your feelings
I no your countin: Countdown to sharktank tonight !!
Take a break from March Madness and turn to the Sport of Business !
yup .
Last time I checked .
Some might be available around the time of the actual show tho .
awesome!!!
I was gonna ask ya onus got OT // started reading.
Only gets better
Can the O's call up Bundy now?
13IP 21K 0 H.
Pretty good stats.
waiting for?
Maddie's cuteness  My cuteness.
Yay!
Can't wait!
We will see you soon!
First day..she will be in shape in a few days...
Its just one of those times, I know Karma is coming 4 me!
Man she plays so rough!
How are those windows you got last summer?
Just checkin' in!
I never lose them, I just beat em up something fierce.
Same exact make  model four summers in a row, now.
The Lord is near to all who call upon Him.
Psalm 145:18
I just finished a 2.02 mi run with a time of 21:00 with Nike GPS.
What are your plans for St.
Patrick's Day in Denver?
Denver St.Pat's
Glad we can be a part of it  having an awesome time in a great city, ready for the grizz to rock on Sun!
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.
George Orwell Happy Friday the 13th!
Watched Being Elmo, an awesome documentary.
Key insight: Elmo is love.
So, is Elmo is God?
I'm jeleous too!
Plume is by far the best twitter app.
Don't miss Backbeat's FREE nightSundayWe The GranadaMore
: anyone researched link btwn attitudes/practices now  dominant SM form at time of 1st int access?
Mets are finally coming alive 
Life is set up to bring you every needed situation in its own right time.
Texas is ok if you want to settle down  do your own thing quietly, but it's not for outrageous people...
Love can make you do things that you never thought possible.
chillin now that im not workin on more i can focus on this music....
when your next showcase
its the best man.
RT : If you're doctorpping a mixtape  need doctor VEO doctorps, get at us or txt 8102792
I still have an unanswered question D:
is it worth the 5.99 payperview charge?
uhh, you're making that for me sometime
Wow, I can't believe Carroll Shelby died.
A very sad day.
just watch the videos again.
Its raining here.
I went outside and shouted SHAZAM!
loudly.
Darn didn't work!
I'm just Marvelous as I am I guess!
Just spend 30 min talking to my professorssor outside hbb about life.
has been working in the AnacostiaDC neighborhood for over 21 years!
We love and believe in our community.
After that, does Pau have like 26 rebounds?
Black tea and toast at 3:30 AM: that's how I roll.
LOL!
Thanks, Ms.
Julie!!
Seriously, though.
Just nobodies walking around saying stuff.
I haven't even smirked.
I manage my time so well, that nap was defintely neccessary.
WowCourtney.
Up early...talkin numbers!
Big numbers might I add!
I wanna move closer to my bf, cause his lame ass isn't going to west next year.
:/
RT : Get ready for Heropalooza for LiNC attendees!
Catch the shuttle to Bimbos in front of the Great band, great party!
Don't forget to tune in for today's show at 3 pm PT.
not just you  some others too :
I don't even know if it would've been legal for us to watch that movie in there!
What is Side by Side?
SIGH Just follow her...you'll understand.
FollowFriday
My weiner has good posture.
Glad to see people are having fun and don't care!
I gtg tweethearts!
Bye love ya!
Gonna get high tonight if I can; idgaf anymore I'm done:
Party at my house :D Dj and everythin outside.
Feeling feverish:/
Only 1 hour and 30 minutes left until the DegrassiFinale and frostival!
:D My Eclare fangirl will be coming out of hiding tonight lol ;
Yes, yes I do!
Goodnight everyone!
I just has the worst shower in my life  but I'll live
oh that sucks.
it's an hour doctorve from where I live, but my friends mom is taking us.
Damn dnt wanna do this homework..Meet All Requirements
Sad to have missed the newmecommunity DC Meetup.
Will def be making out to the next one though.
I would shave my head or cut off a finger for some ice cream and a brownie right now.
Seriously.
local NBC is interrupting AGT for election updates here in PDX.
Make a call :
Ouch!!
DAMN THIS IS GOING TO HURT FOR A WHILE FUCK FUCK FUCK!!!!!
gonna be plenty warm this week, time to hit the DG courses and find some more fans!
our grassroots marketing is 2LEGIT2QUIT
blergh when someone tells me they've been sick, it automatically makes me feel sick
Okay make it three someone clicked unfollow...
i want war but im so sad now....:
Sometimes even fairy tales come true; that's the story of me  you.
3
me and tysan tryin to go to indy u down?
Justin never stops trending lol!
Good Morning peeps!
Its saturday!
Have a nice  relaxing Day!
Starting to feel the affects of yesterday,crashing like I been in 5hr energy or something
When I have a son, I want him to be better than me..........I just set the bar pretty high there.
sometimes I wonder what's God's purpose for putting me through this...
whereareyounow?
the bleeding makes sense now.
.RT : American Dialect Society Word of the Year: occupy
Looks like I'm gonna need some bailey's in my coffee this morning...
I would actually want to read Tim Gunn's new book....I think.
Thanks for the speedy reply!
I'm really looking forward to Much Ado and Christopher Plummer's show.
Body shots....
Omg.
The espn3 broadcast is much better quality than last year
I had to present my project today and I almost cried and got sick presenting it to my english class.
XD
Break!!
Break break!
nah I don't
Bummer.
Hope you feel better and enjoy the marathon.
:D
Final night here at SXSW.
About to see Nas perform.
For real.
RT Man, I miss the days when it was
Goin to Tennessee for my great grandpas funeral tomorrow.
what up Doctor Roberts?
When one door closes another door of opportunity always opens!
Houston's Attractions is and always be on our Grind in the world of Promotion
I know he's fine like a ticket on the dash ;
especially the kidsdying from improper dental carethe complications that causes like bacterial infections that cause heart disease
The things people do for some chunk change
Happy New Year
hm, too bad, maybe he could have been the level head the other night and kept them out of trouble.
I love how in your icon your socks match your shirt :
Finally watched doctorVE  Ryan Gosling looking incredibly attractive in that white jacket, but it was too flawed script wise.
Cool music too.
To the dude ahead of me in the security line carrying his girlfriends's leopard print DG bag, get a life.
Yes, me too.
And the hair!
And the sometimes looking away and sometimes posing.
haha!
Don't tell
We would sale more houses to people who are working with good credit if down payment was not 20 and upkeep was not so high
If U WAS MINT TO HAVE SOMETHING YOU'LL ALREADY HAD IT...BUT I WANT THE HOLE WORLD SO I GOTTA GO N GRAB IT...
shoutoutto you got that swagger.
In case you are wondering, some amazing data analysis of betweenness centrality of jrl articles usage done by NISO MESUR
In a world of Possibilities, should we dwell in the probabilities?
I saw THE ARTIST over the weekend.
Loved it!
Ha!
That's totally acceptable...that way they counteract each other.
Research shows 50 increase in CTR for paid search when consumers exposed to brand's soc media.
New data suggest we are winning the war against learning.
Anyone wanna talk?
:P
: So true!
I will say this, without a doubt our fans travel well and make a showing GREAT JOB
Francis Chan now.
you may be earnest.
But I'm eating eggs Benedict.
you found a loose dog??
you might have a little chump change to afford to buy two luxury cars off the lot in the same day, but you are still poor.
Pulling what she would call a full Obama.
Very Excited!
35 days until camp!
Who do you Follow ?
Shocked that Davy Jones has died.
Monkees were great!
He was 66.
You should obviously doctorve distraction free every day!
But sometimes it takes small steps to create a good habit.
Yes I waited and it was the hardest thing EVER.
But I'm SO GLAD I did!!!
RT : I learned something from Everyone of my ex's
lol no it's not my day lol
Good morning, Wednesday!
I will never get tired of listening to red hot chilli peppers
Missin my sister..
Cable at Internet installed, back on the grid baby!!
what company are you with?
check the dm
Chun: We vs.
You  In a network when a 'we' happens, when we have synchronous activity, you usually have a network outage.
That Just Really PRESSED My Shit!
what the hell.
its 4.20 i might as well smoke a joint.
A1: Experience tends to differ between agencies and corporations but internship experience is a must!
I think they are just texting :
Smh she crazy movies is expensive now lol the other girl was smart lol
girl dey didn't use ta be in da part of da hood I use ta be in
110 on 3rd and final physics test.
C'mon finals.
Popi tragic and comedic at the same time!
A Father's love for his childoctorn and wanting a better life for them in the U.S.
i like tweeting real shit...seriously
On my way to ACHE Board meeting in Irving.
TGIF
didn't get any either
Only thing that could make this traffic tolerable was Ax pulling off the W  lookin at the next car to see hes cheering with me
Acclaimed journalist Chris Hedges talks Occupy, reporting from war zones today on
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON..
SO PRESS IT MAYBE?3 8
Bull Durham.
Everyone else a distant third.
great idea !!!
I am in Oklahoma now on my way to Albuquerque New Mexico
Something awesome is goin to happy soon ..
I can feel it waiting :
Delayed in ft.
myers.
Need to get imported to detroit son.
Grease is the word, have you heard?
Deb Malkin!
Thank you so much for your love and support!!!
Wishing you the best ALWAYS.
A Happy New Year to you, sister!!!
Spending the day spring cleaning/organizing/painting the house.
Jealous?
yea without faith we have nothing!
so are you ready for a warm holiday?
i can't think of the last time i've been up this early!!
i don't know what to do with myself / i guess i'll hit the gym early....
Canada cuts food inspectors despite recent outbreak: union
Who screened the learner team selectors?!
Absolutely terrible team, Nick by far has the best team
OTA's start on Monday.
Getting close to the season!!!!!!
keep telling yourself that...
You'll believe it eventually
Ditto.
RT : No matter what it was that did it, I'm happy to hear that!
best guitar teacher ever
Adios Madison!
We lucked out with 3 days of gorgeous weather!
Back to Chicago now!
Budget enough time and money to market your company; the world won't beat a path to your doorstep if they can't find you.
Rich Br
So glad you love us!
Thanks for shopping at AmazonFresh.
I'm sexy
By finding different ways to approach things, we can alter our experience before it even happens.
All we have to do is shift our focus.
i know right!!!
curious why you'd use both?
the sdk gem was made by us and the s3 one wasn't
Helping Source Theatre in DC with auditions for summer festival.
After waiting a month for a job offer to finalize, it fell through.
Very debilitating.
Hope to find something soon.
which typing test did you use on the iPad?
i would trade the world just to have the old you back...
in a heartbeat.
He's certainly no Tiger!
Wait, guess that's a compliment!
Enjoy it !
Gig allows more family time?
Can I sign up?
RT : We're gonna have black mass in here
'til recently we were only followed by the queens of England.
We hope u dig what we do, as we are digging the KOE!
Best  success
It was definitely a PR stunt.
sharktank can cause you to blow up your sales especially if ecommerce.
My weekend  your weekend
Busy at work.
Sorry, no FF this week.
I will bring the Hornby books to Forum tomorrow.
:
Jim Croce's Say I love you in a song?
ThingsEminemTaughtMe that Bitches gets no Love.
Is there any way the Yankees can get Humber by the allstar break .....
:l
peed on This night is rowdy.
I need a St Patrick's Day themed activity for my advanced students this week.
Any suggestions??
RNG yes yes yes
u still awake?
call me
How much money does one need in order to become a philanthropist?
At the 9/11 Remembrance Gala...
Yawn yawn LaHair goes deep again  BB
MeanwhileBackInLA wake up with god, enjoy a 3 hour lunch in the sun, and a nap at 4:45pm .
.
.
or UnemployedWeekday?
Have a great day folks
JJ is a stud!
Good afternoon all.
Happy weekend!
Today is Picture Day.
Post any pictures you have on me here.
The one I like the best is going to get a call from me tonight :
Looking forward to Cars 2 in 3D with Jennifer and Will.
Guess who picked the movie?
not sure yet.
Usually Super Target.
Suggestions?
Thanks, Richard!
Have a great weekend.
Polo tshirt and polo doctorws .
Now come  take this polo off .
you mean Gio?
So much for that expensive higher education...
know many girls say this is ugly but for me you are perfect love you :
What can we deliver for you today?
FUCK!
RT  : Actually I think it's sold out already on pre orders lol
When visiting the gas station twice a week and the cost outweighs half your months expenses, I believe reform is needed.
Answer to Monday's Interesting Health Fact of the Day: When you take a step, you are using up to 200 muscles!
Anyone using Constant Contact?
They changed so you can't update a contact's email without deleting  recreating an account.
Ridiculous!!
: The more I think about it, the more I realize it was my fault..
:/
9:46 pm  it's on!
Go Buckeyes!
A California parole board denied convicted killer Charles Manson, 77, parole for the 12th time, next hearing when he becomes 92yearsold.
um if u get i tho u won't b bored ok
Lettuce, apples, and potatoes?
Since I'm gonna be alone alot, might as well be alone in my own place.
I was looking for a way to get out of working on my taxes today.
That was not the way I hoped it would come about.
Thank you for sharing our Kirkus Review and for your support of our book!
Ha!
You beat me to it!
ice cream.
I feel bad when somebody texts me and I don't know who they are so I just text back like I know lol
Suddenly, everyone is an LA Kings fan.
But congrats to them!
Digital review copy of Diablo3 just hit my inbox.
This day just gets better and better.
I asked Ereck if a I could tickle him and b he would promise never to tickle me.
For some reason he didn't go for it.
: Lol gotta lot on my mind...home alone so i only got twitter ta talk 2...
i had a reason : you were annoying mee !
: Chilling with this chica .
Working on Getting enough Content for my Boy Much Respect 
: ...have for workers the better.
But I'm just saying there are exceptions.
I think activists who have supportive employers...
bitch tits
If you lost a wallet on wmata, check shaw/howard metro operator booth  I just turned one in.
please follow me!
I live all the way in Virginia and I can't go to your first concert!
FollowMeAustin :
Amazon  cloudy with a chance of server crashes
haha does every insanity workout w/ me!
We skipped yesterday so decided to try double workouts today.
We'll see.
thanks.
Standing outside now.groggy and annoyed.
Yeah we get to transfer to a crowded train and be more late
OMG best night ever!!!
first BOLT then later CHICKEN LITTLE.
but too bad I have to go to sleep before Chicken Little even starts
Great advice from : Writing is about working through things.
RT : happy birthday!
:Thanks so much, Kerri!
: Before I die I want to lay under the stars on the beach of Australia with
A huge thank you for all the follow friday and mentions!
You guys are awesome!
Where are the handball players, Percussionist, artist in south Florida.?
Okai Haiti
Wish you the best on your quiz hon.
I know you will rock it.
So glad you are enjoying it :D.
Hey David, thanks for the follow  try doctornking more coffee for weight loss!
; Take care!
FollowolloF much appreciated :
Someone needs to create an index of things cool and digital.
It is NOT Google  Google upside down.
A Dewey Digital System?
Bad decisions, good intentions.
There's no shortage of racist and homophobic comments this evening around the bar.
Sure didn't miss this about
Wait, Junior Seau died?!
I wonder if you are really as beautiful as I believed you were.
am I in LA you're asking?
and we're back...new hit coming real soon
Detroit Lions!
Bring back the Fonce!!!
Hey everyone follow
I took a few days off from coffee and after doctornking two cups today i fell like im on speed, and chugged a rebull, five hour energy, and ...
Sorry to disappear on the convo.
Was busy eating feet  flirting with my French waiter Nicolas.
I got into a lot of trouble for that little escapade.
Could never be happy with being the one when I know the difference between that and being his ONLY one...
If you are absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
Spent 3 days at MottChildoctorn.
Can't say enough nice things about hospital/staff.
Thanks SO much
happy birthday!
Hope you get to enjoy some of it!
Cator: Imp for Assessment Growth, Measure Range of Standards, Leverage Technology
I always thought that in the beginning of 'Fight for your right' it wasn't kick it that was yelled, but rather CHICKEN!
Accomplished at what we have not quite figured out.
:
Follow me to find out secret deals and amazing times ahead!!!
good luck!
Right now im on one
Nigth in UK Trakgalvis.
Glad that you are following us.
Think we belive in same World, who cant change, but can be better.
ASECS12 ...actively practicing 2 instruments, keenly interested in dance and loved dancing when she was younger.
if you can get a portfolio you can get notice
Now I too like got a condo up on Biscayne : So excited...now just wish I knew what his addy was.....
Opening shop has got to be the easiest thing ever.
Good, like this offseason suggests.
I'm very cheap.
9 increase in social buzz in the weeks leading up to a shows premier leads to 1 increase in ratings
Eric church w/ brantley gilbert and blackberry smoke may 5th, presale starts tom!
woop
Baylor  Dead in the water
What's up Twitter?
What going down on a Friday night?!

if you know any rock star HC, HR or recruiters send them my way.
Lots of cool opportunities in Dec
Let's go pacers Good first half!
Email, tamed :
i hi Taryn pleezed to Tweet you
THE MAGNET, YOU MORONS!!!!!
Colby, that looks great!
Uh oh.
Today at practice?
And how long on the DL?
2 Comments Click here to read/write comments
Whaddya wanna bet the woman who hit Reese Witherspoon with her car had just watched Cruel Intentions?
Reese Witherspoon
Follow !!!
Pushing creativity to new heights!!
What is your favorite song off of Fashionably Late?
Make sure to include the album name in your tweets!
the worst is listen to music and your customers talk to you .
Can you see I'm busy ?
Okay, it's tomorrow.
Any piano playing yet?
That did look a proper grand.
:
Glad this week is over.
Has been taken over by 'the flu'!!!
Powerful women empower their spouses.
Nunez RBI single
Civilian casualties, all of us.
so glad I could just retweet that.
I was at a loss.
WAMU FM has been running an ad for just that skillset.
Might be worth considering...
Details on their website.
I think: wamu.org
Comm.
May I think that here is substantial evidence that these objectionable conditions may exist now.
: Ready for shougal tomorrow!!
How bout you ?
Fit and X rated!
Comin in hot.
Rippin huge holeshots!
don't let the controversy stay FOREVER
Surreal walking around Brookyn and hearing MJ's music blastic out of gay bars and taxicabs.
In class stupid bored!!!
I suck at this whole online dating thing.
Boy I hate coffee grounds in my coffee!
thanks for the RT!
See you tomorrow!
Intuition is the clear conception of the whole at once.
Johann Kaspar Lavater
Excited about your newest journey of discovery.
Anxious to read the results.
I'm on a edge
there is, but it's pretty limited.
I've been playing with and Just wanted to see what else is around
If I'd of shot up crystal meth as opposed to smoking it, I'd still have my front teeth.
Crackhead Mike
Telling the true is the right thing to do..
..
Roommates a chef.
Thank God.
same here but im pretty good
did you vote???
I did lol
I wish FreshmenYearTaught me more!
Love hurts.
Boys lie.
Friends cry.
People die.
Parents yell.
You always try.
You're never good enough  you don't know why.
My thoughts exactly!
So many different predictions.
: 5 inches?
But we thought ...
And then the forecast ...
Never mind.
gc2012.
Have any of you made a new friend on twitter?
If not you are missing a grand opportunity.
Twitter isn't just about you.
1.they bite 2.you can't play with them, it hurts !
3.they get panic attacks and tense up so much they tear muscles!
i swear
But those are hardly SMSspeak.
I do agree those abbreviations are inappropriate for formal business writing.
Thanks for the RT
We are now opening up for the group to ask and any questions from our chat tonight.
i would love to be able to sleep right about now :/
love thriller, but I thought Off The Wall was a better album.
what's your PO box?
im gettinf my confirmation in May and idk when ik getting my braces off :
yay multitasking Pandora is up on the app store
I'm just ready for the lakers to be out of the playoffs
love you Rush!
oh by the way I am a female who happens to be a republican!
ditto's forever!
If it weren't bad enough to remember pple's names, now have to remember twitter handles too.
I'M SOO IMPATIENT RIGHT NOW!!
me too;
NewarkChicagoLos Angeles luv
haha yeah, sorry for the confusion
I haven't really tweeted today.
mostly just
Apparently the reach in is not a foul in the NBA anymore.
C'mon man.
that song gjakkd
RT : Best Of luck!!!
.
Well aren't U nice!
TYVM
That's why the only Frampton I trust is Peter.
Other than eggs?
: If you're going to spam me on twitter at least have an avatar.
Why would I buy something from an egg?
if you told me that, worst case scenario, we addoctorss all 3 major areas of need and hit big on 2 of 3?
Easily signed up for that
I'm checking out a chocolate business.
Anyone want to check it out with me?
Might be sweet!
Americans who never leave the country...
you better come wit it!!!
Happy Birthday BettyWhite!
Hope you can make it to Speaking Of on February 4th!
recording features for
Nice, actual judge addoctorssing jury pool.
Funny guy!
Ugly Disco tonight!
www.uglydisco.com
Marley movie coming out on auspicious date: april 20.
should be fun!
something corporate might be my favorite band right now
IT'S THE WEEKEND.
SO, YOU DO NOT EXIST.
Tweet me!
3
I've become quite fond of a certain Irish brogue over the last few days
Rob Bonstein rep 4 Bruno Mars at NAMM2012 said: A single new release now has over 250 lines of data associated with it.
I may have woken up at noon but at least I felt embarrassed about it.
That's being responsible, right?
hey maestro!how come ur not following me anymore?u should lol
edfail Bill gates' doctorams!
Can I Hold You While You Wrap Yourself Around Me?
Palindoctorme of the day: He won a Toyota now, eh?
We rape lil niggas like yu where I'm from
I've been going but in the afternoon.
You still down for the mornings?
Oh my is interesting this morning.
thehungergamestaughtme just knock a boy out, he love you afterwards anyway.....
Thinking about ways can engage RocYPs.
Any Ideas?
Productive day currently halted for a safety and emissions test.
With Crimson in command has left Levien gym.
Spike Lee as well.
Harvard up 7465 25.6 seconds left in OT
fun filled day with the kids :
yvwebcast.
Wow, look at all these Christians tweeting!
Come to the wordcamp Seattle preparty  Jillians All are welcome, even if you are not attending wcsea
Congratulations to ALL of your success!!!!
Live TV hit Friday at 830am on Fox 5 Mornings with
Hi I'm Shaylee  I Love Long Romantic Walks To My Fridge.
Lyrical Nephilim giant, look me up in the bible.
I liked the picture you took with me in Sacramento :
Tom Lehrer On my income tax it says Check this box if you are blind.
I wanted to put a check mark about three inches away.
We are  Workers' Compensation listening forum saying that CA must restore fairness for injured workers and strengthen insurance oversight!
Mommy goes back to work parttime Monday after recovering from a broken hip.
They wax the floors too much at the Pentagon..I will miss her
these niggas out here hustlin' in the school uniform heel nah
Hey man...
let's chat sometime.
Would like your help on something...
Yay jordan put the shirt I wanted from the blackout forever tour online.
favorite song/ cover by the boys?
So what's been happening in the world while I was asleep..
Care to get me in??
L.A.
to Frankfurt to Torino globetrotting as always,and LOVING it.Mamma and papa',here I come!Flying back to NY on the 1st day of New Year
I can't wait to see you in June:
Come throw down a few
dont dont dont wake me up, cause i hate who i am today
Haha, but it's true!
got a shout out from LTNY as a law firm pricing expert
Ya....it kinda does, just like the word...uh...uhm lol idk i cant think of one right nowlol
aliasing, I believe.
Send it to me if you want and I can format.
Hey Thanks for the
Good luck, Sis!
Can't wait to feel better.
Smh :
RT if you hate
You couldn't be any more retarded
We're all a little bit weird.
But you know what?
That's okay.
Embrace yourself.
You're the only you out there.
Man, some people just suck...ASS!
well i almost have a page done ;
I just don't know anymore...beyond confused
RT : Win through your actions, never through argument.
POTUS, on his upcoming lunch with cong leaders: I'm going to offer them some hoagies.
hey Edward!
: I love you cause of thank you.
:
I accidentally kinda flipped him and he landed on a table lmfao but he told everyone he slipped on ice
pumpkin, pumpkin, pumpkin, Oh yeah...
And pumpkin too!!!!
okay .
Do you want me to post the pic on here??
while it is good to be in the office, it's odd having no voice.
If u call me today, be prepared to be whispered at!
Whoever said the camera adds 10 pounds should stop eating cameras.
Amazing message yesterday...you nailed it...my boys loved it too!
Kieran loved the Elijah story, of course!
Would love to read this, but your link doesn't go to your blog?
yea you're still on there.
This micro test is gonna be brutal!
Listening to a california middle school choir and they are better then I expected lol GoodJob!!
Come and visit Seattle's Coolest Santa on the Observation Deck from 11am5pm this Sat  Sun.
PS  Please don't tug on his beard.
It's real!
I also sent you an email through your mailbag on SI.com with more details.
Thank you!
The work is now starting for the next season.
Now I know what I'm in for.
Fool me once, shame on you, twice shame on me.
Doing work.
In a mood.
Wish I wasn't in school right now so I could jam hahaa.
Santo  Johnny  Sleepwalk
Stay schemin is one of the whackest songs I've ever heard doctorke or rick ross on
Thanks for the follow:
Working tomorrow which means no nap which means lots and lots of energy doctornks for the midnight premiere of the avengers
feeling like a grinch right now.
text me
My weekend  .Really not tryna go to school :
does wssp have a bucks postgame show.
if not they should get one.
that's cool.
Hahaha
Poignant words from MLK as we enter an election year: We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
The best thing about me is you.
Shannon Crown
HELLO!
Thanks For the Follow.
Wow, I wonder what happened to my going to bed at 8 to stay awake for taks..
i'm becoming too lazy to even go to bed.
:L
Just realized that at no point today have I been wearing real pants.
Sometimes the occasion just doesn't arise.
Happy to join journchat tonight!
I never thought id be apart of this cult you have created but your music goes so hard I must say I'm now laced the fuck up
Had a great dinner with alumni and current staff members Zach Glembin and Byron Anderson.
There's this girl; even though she's been hurt before, she's going to stay strong.
She's gorgeous.
And she just finished reading this.
Lmao at that tweet :
Big game today Lets go Noles!
where are the games played?
fun filled day with
i know!!!
So was klaus the start of stephan and damons bloodline?
If I could only listen to one artist for the rest of my life, it would be Ray Charles.
If not for the light of the faithful women, it means there is no decent fidelity to men.
WHO IS GETTING THOSE NIKE'S THAT COME OUT ON THE FIFTH?
IF YOU NEED THEM WE'LL HAVE THEM4489193
going to sleep see u guys soon 3 ya.
Why did you stop trying?
follow and please :D x26
What's everyone doing for Halloween weekend?
If any of my friends ever got cancer and lost their hair I would shave my head and be bald with them 3
Answer to previous tweet: JAMES FRANCO!!!!
No problem
happy birthday bob marley r.i.p
I forgot about Coffee Bar!
And I'll have to check out that other one.
Thanks so much!
i was wondering how do you make your empanadas?
cause i was looking at ur pics and they look really good!!!
you know it
Damn.
This boy is SO blind.
Your killing me here.
YES3 follow back?
:
Just returned from my first trip to Trader Joe's.
I don't think I've ever been this excited about groceries before...
Opening day!!!
did Sweezy get doctorfted as an OL??
Played DT in college...
4 hospital but was told feeding is not allowed at ER.
We're wondering whether they will just let this patient suffer.
Con't
Looking for shows for The Pinch.
Whatcha got, Twin Cities?
By mainly talking only to myself, I frequently am impressed with how intelligent and witty the converstaion is.
Another PickUp: Free mammograms!
...get your free mammograms here, get 'em while they're hot!
Today went by really fast at school today.
I'm not sure why, but it did.
So inspiring to hear success stories from our charter school principles.
Proof that anyone can learn with the right tools.
Much need shot of East Coast today.
Thx Bawston ;
FYI: I will random shout you out on twitter today and also send all you 2012 Grads a shout out in the 7pm hour tonight on Kiss 97.3
200 followers, let's get out following to 300!
And we will reveal a clue into the next film campaign!
.
friendsatsnarfs should totally be a thing.
I think most credible Physicians wouldn't agree that its no big deal.
Will FDA step in to regulate EHRs?
badoctorcipe for flank steak: calls for flank steak, sp, and a hot pan.
Recipe is actually more for the cauliflower sidedish.
Gross.
: If you electrically shock a person's brain, their math skills can greatly improve for up to 6 months.
Many Thanks U School of Dentistry for inviting doctor Levine to speak today to the practice management class!
All black everything!!!
Work off the turkey TONIGHT at our OFFICIAL afterparty: The Blackout II  The All Black Gala!
Click here for...
thanks!
I'll take a look
Thx for the warning.
Its corrected now.
Attempted to eat my way through the state fair and still went over to my parents house for beer can chicken.
I hurt so much it's not funny
This girl is fussy.
Not hungry.
Not dirty.
Probably tired but won't sleep.
What the heck do I do?
My son was never fussy.
Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than knowing and believing that she's BEAUTIFUL!!
You don't get style points for advocating libertarianism.
SMBAustin quot;Participation can go in any directionquot; talking about how community can take your product in different ways.
Haha i miss trios to
i mean KELSEY
Um, no one said otherwise.
Why waste your time trying to be so nasty?
Let KC fans enjoy a win.
See ya later.
Dance was amazing  three more rehearsals til competition:
Thoughts  prayers to everyone hit with tornados today in North Texas.
Counting my blessings it missed me.
Update: Still expect higher accumulations west of RVA with accumulations on the range of 48in.
RVA folks should expect 24in
been hiding out in the studio preparing to unleash some new music in 2012.
Thanks for the MM!
you want any 13 dollar socks??
Need to lock myself in my room with no electronics so I can read 100 pages of tale of two cities and study euro
Thanks Jeezy for Tooth Fairy shout outs
I mean if me and my friend thought you were cute I'm sure many other females thought the same thing ha.
Do I need to put a huge sign on her that says SHE'S MINE or what?
obama  Biden made millions as public servants and donated almost nothing to
Will you be racing the Bristol fall race?
I just realized...
why didn't we watch any of the games last weekend together?
Omg I haven't been on here in a while!
HI: K
It was a biggie song, so fucking annoying...Ill have to fix it tomorrow.
Damn it haha
I just want the relationship where you spend so much time together it makes you sick
Knowles injury doesn't look good on camera.
That looks like a long recovery.
thank you
: I'm Fine Being Single, I Have Enough Shit Going On.
Relationships Just Seem To Add To Complication.
P.S.
We found the nunchucks!
haha They were in a doctorwer!
Go figure.
Perhaps next weekend come over for a Catan Game night?
happy bday!
I'm sorry i can't give you that as a present!
: hope your day is going well!
ewwwww you're so weird 
HerbieHancock playing Miles Davis, hope you are watching this.
Just saw one of the freakiest avi's on my timeline lol smh
This just made me so sad.
RT : SUDDEN REALIZATION: TMAC STILL HASN'T GOTTEN OUT OF THE FIRST ROUND.
never....
but never say never so...
eh idk u tell me
I'm lookin at u too...
PLATE SALE FOR ROB SIERRA AND BIKE RALLY GOING ON AT BROADWAY BAR NOW , COME OUT AND SHOW SUPPORT
SWEDEN.
calm yo tits.
literally...
Stop fucking lying to yourself.!
Hold mah dick!
i'm off to the great outofdoors to enjoy our world : hope U r too!
Enjoy our World  help protect her!!!
I love planet Earth: be safe:
Xmisterdio customer service: WIN.
Mavs customer service: WIN.
Chase Bank customer service: nonexistent.
Citi Bank customer service: See Chase.
There are some really, really dumb commercials out there.
Happy birthday pattie u diserve the best day ever!!!!
Britney Is Back Better Than Ever
It's really disappointing when a cute guy has a super gay/girly voice!
Mizu Sushi bar and Grill Grand Opening.
1035 S.
Winchester Blvd San Jose Ca, 95127
might just lie and say my sketchbook got water spilt on it.
id rather doctorp art than spend a whole day doctorwing
Emily says she is 26.
Are those leap years?
Up early, getting ready to head to J'ville for Herrington Family Christmas.
Should be a fun day!
I was kidding!
It's cold af in this class
I watched Cheaper by the Dozen 2 yesterday!
LOVED IT!
So cute :
Wiener's Circle  funniest new show...
I never watch but this is hysterical.
Thank you !
i cant wait any longer you look gorgeous!
On my way to go find them too....
RT : When you can improve upon what is, there's no need to fret about what has been or what might be.
Hey there Kathy I never welcomed you to our twitter
Who knew that opera employed doctormaturgs?
Chicago Lyric, for one,  another guy I just heard speak on NPR.
Time to expand my repertoire...
Wow!!
Did you check the junk mail aswell?
Brah Because I'm sure it was sent the same day you mention it to me.
Understood bro!
Getting excited to see that Single Ladies is back on soon...how are the music and book coming?
See you next lifetime, Ellen Page.
that would be awesome!!!:
You know my Mommy Lauren.
I think.
Taking shots in honor of boosie.
Do it big boosie boo.
No problem.
You said you were on twitter.
Thought this would be faster and ease your mind about your work.
Have a good summer.
it's really only one extra class...
Apparently Canseco has stopped taking his pills again.
Agreed.
Wait until after tomorrow, when the Dems can rally around one candidate!
I knew the slabs were going to look good.
The truck came in this morning before the rain yay  the crane scale didn't work however.
will now be doing a deal on 5 packs of shows for 65 !
Yes you heard right now get to it!
How is December treating everyone so far?
I know that even with the seams stitched tightly darling, scars will remain.
Getting the ball rolling on something cool for the local rock scene.
It's time to rally the troops, and bust down some doors!!
Just followed sent me.
Well I was close.
His standup is so dirty...
I love it!
I bet it is
Are you a content consumer or creator?
I had to walk away and I walked inside and fell on the floor laughing
as well as beastiality
We could do it.
RT : Less then 2 of rain by Sun would make this the wettest March at PDX on record!
will be interesting to see if I can get everything done before I leave for NAMM on Monday!
Had a great day filming The Hardest Love!
Thanks to Henry Roa, Geneva Ortiz and Petey!
What a fun and productive Day!
Exactly like that!
lol What's up with that?
Someone really doesn't want us talking.
You'll get a little off track sometimes but today's a new day!
Hit the reset button and keep moving
Javale McGee looks like Caesar from Planet of the Apes.
shit real down south need to tight.n up with support.n artist
Also, I know you'll definitely put them to good use : Would love to see more of your pics on Flickr!
Happy holidays :
Got 2 tickets for fucking leaving the scene of an accident and improperly backing up .
ughh fmll
Just sold 5 more tickets!
Just because you are a recognized brand doesn't mean you are a loved brand Alejandoctor Carvallo, Intel
The mustang is a horrible car too.
Lol
Wishing you all a most joyous, prosperous and blessed 2012...and beyond!!!
No...
That's a hippy!
Gym time!!
Getting after it
At the DMV, last time I was here and looked on twitter....
Well I wonder if Brad Pitt is in DC today.
I got my Jordans on so I still run lol
Does anyone know when the bus is leaving today?
I have less than 24 hours to study a years worth of AP Government content.
Let's go!
Truth RT Happy Valentines Day!!
We love you everyday, but it's a good day to let you know!
i dot know you to have an problem with you but I do know you have a lot to say bout me ?
Spending my Saturday morning watching Saved By The Bell on Netflix!
amI12again?
where have u been?
I'm playing tonight at Soundwave in mission beach at 7pm acoustic set..ten dollar cover..21 
yep it is!
still no luck at the stores near me.
U guys definitely need to be at Greens on Buford Hwy.
Their Phone  is 8721109.
You know you're outta shape when wii bowling makes your arm sore!
that entire post was Greek.
But, it's my pleasure to see you sir.
The side conversations, IMs, and neigboritis delivers the wrong message to your employees....corporations need to be proactive
Lord, Creator God, your glory is all around us in the blessings from your hand.
Please help me live mindful of your glory.
hahaha!!!
Oh gosh girl nombre take it at LCC main!!!
Most of the teachers are easy!
I can recommended two of them!
Lol
At least you can touch them.
Finally in DC and getting ready for the Intelligent Cities conference tomorrow!
Today, take an extra 5 minutes putting on your favorite lotion after your shower.
It's like a free minimassage!
I like my carbs like I like my women...complex.
Thanx 4 the brown rice option chipotle!
she looks like sutton MERCER
I've actually downloaded two Juliet Simms tracks.
No joke.
How are you Nialler?
:D
are u going to CD release party Thursday?
how much slack u catching from that uncle charles sausage commercial?!?
The Break, a documentary about youth homelessness from MTV, Gigantic Productions and The Edge from U2, will air on MTV 3/2/12.
I just registered yesterday.
Totally cool.
Tip of the day: if you want money but you dont have a job then alls you got to do is visit a bank.
the google homepage is hella cute tho

My bad, I'm just now seeing this, but Nah..
You there?
NAAH u do cz ur the sweetest thing on earth:
great!
Come visit:
Great point too RT next year BSU and SDSU leave for the BE.
Utah State and San Jose State really don't fill that void
Not too bad kinda wanna do a full...
Special S/O to my lilo daddy for helping me out with the dumbest class ever today  thanks
Thanks for following everyone!
Sending out something special to a random follower when I reach 1,000.
Love my fellow Wilco fans!
Anyone know a professorssional chef/culinary student with free time?
Pondering a collab photo/brand project.
Ain't no Heaven fo' a thug ngga, that's why we go to thugs mansion...
that freaking kid who I was telling you about yesterday!
He's like hardcore fb stalking me
This is going to be a good day if I have to stab someone to make it a good day.
This may be a good day BECAUSE I stab someone.
I see you
I believe we left before you arrived.
Next time.
We're also sad that we didn't see you
and everyone said i was the one who wouldn't be able to do it....shame shame.
Time for some more
Twisting my words will get yo ass beat!!!!!
Don't blame you ;
Yup, I am posting to twitter while in a meeting...
in all fairness to me, the guys I'm with get sidetracked every 3 seconds....
:P
ImHappyWhen you show you love me.
You guys have ruined the site and its magic  all functionality that mattered is gone.
Go back!
ahahahahahhahahahahha omg I just died
Kinect will also enjoy full connectivity with Facebook, via a game specifically created to sync with the social networking site.
The beautiful dance of the sun's rays upon the ocean reflects not the depth, an inner world teaming with life.
My mom: Double click all the links!
Happy New Year!!
:
star wars is nothing compared to star trek what are you on
Shoot out the lights...amazing.
Perfect Norm next
I got so many butterflies in my stomach the shit is crazy.
cool, see you then G
Totally agree.
SoS Hillary Clinton is one of the BEST U.S.
Secretary of States, EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:
Interesting.
No easy answers.
Is someone going to solve this with a brilliant fix?
Music biz has similar problems.
Still don't understand why west miami cops have mercedes SUV's
you've got that right
oh ok lol :D
im coming down to see him now more that before becasue im gonna prob have a job and a car and i can go wherever without my dad
Yum!
Looking forward to it!
you coming down for fringe?
I think we can make that happen?
DQ needs 2 days to make a cake?
Huh.
Hubby'll have to settle w/ a generic Happy Birthday.
The Matthew part would take 2 days.
Goodness.
are you in Rochester?!
I thought you were coming out tonight
Chil, that's not even me.
Lmfao just don't come at me wrong or I will destroy you.
Follow these people
Im confused About what time it starts...
Ugh!
4got lunch money...
Guess I wont b having lunch 2day 8
Ight fam just hot the phone I got them bottles ready RT : You Already Know My G 
Guest at work:  doctorveins were a way of moving the car without turning on the motor.
Mary, the movie Bodyguard was my very favorite, and the song I will always Love you is my all time favorite!!
is as busy as a beaver!
The tweet almost makes more sense if you reverse Ella's and my ages, doesn't it?
When you buy from a national chain only 1725 stays in the community.
When you buy nationally online 0 stays in the community.
Can't we all get along?
Watching Laugh to keep from crying...
i don't have my hands on one to see where it might fit in programming exposure I did do CMK in san antonio ISTE
Pessimists in the house!
Dear ex gtfo of my life did you not get the message before?
Sleeping with the windows open  eyes nearly swollen shut this morning from allergies.
I couldnt eat like a normal person :c My mom had to cut my food into small pieces  My mouth hurts bad :c
They don't thank God as much as they did 10 years ago at the Oscars
Left his feet, 2 min penalty.
He didn't target the head it's clearly shoulder to shoulder.
Charging.
Rangers should have scored on the PP.
No act of kindness, no matter how small is ever wasted.
Parents just don't understand..
that looks so delicious
This is a great list!
Thank you for sharing it!
Rachel
Yes!
My Sector9 is on it's way!
Two of the best shows on Television are on Showtime, Weeds and The Big C if you havent seen either, you have to watch
you are?!
whenn!
Every business owner should understand where online marketing investments go and how they succeed or fail.
In my latest Madvertising blog 
Brooklyn New York city, where they paint the walls with biggie?
Now Lela Medjkoune: How can Web Archives become a critical component of today's Internet?
i will love you till you die!
I actually did mine though
You Europeans are on a whole different level of swearing aren't you?
so where we at this weekend ?
lol
Hoping the Celtics can win at home tonight!
Thank you for the follow as well.
Looking forward to your tweets.
or the fearless lol but then i put my reading glasses on and saw livelove and i got with the program lol
I don't think I'll ever master the art of knowing whether my socks are black or navy in the morning light.
mismatched thehorror!
don't you think?
:
art tip: the grand canyon from 36,000 feet on a clear day.
Yep we are living together!
Met so many great museum professorssionals tonight at GW's museum networking event.
Someone had to do it.
Might as well be me.
Makes for a funny story later.
Ha interesting conclusion here!
NY and Bost were not alone in the destruction of the tea.
good morning!
Getting ready to lace 'em up.

BBQ 2day so u kno iam goodu know black people like that shit lol
Excited for my 1st ever yahoofantasyfootball doctorft tonight!
I may not be in your league, but I want you on my team!
ha, welcome to twitter!
In FY 2013 there will be NO increase in shelter capacity.
We had a 15 budget increase for shelters between FY 2011 and FY 2012.
is that the Doritos one?
Anytime someone says It's not that much work, they mean the exact opposite.
RT : How are you planning to celebrate Cinco de Mayo?
You can thank me now...
lmao w.e
Good idea RT : Pretest for a group advising session can cut down on time spent on already understood topics
you.
Wanna.
Be.
With.
Me
I wonder what North Korea has in store for today.
and now no one feels bad for you.
Let the ocean wash away your stress.
If Taylor Hicks Lee Dwyze and Kris Allen had a kid it would be Phillip Phillips
yes sir!
it'll be a great show!
me: lets go hang with the boys harry: i wanna keep you all to myself , all day  all night 
Thanks.
I just get so infuriated when he says it's partly our fault.
So stupid.
DNU stands for Do Not Use...
Why can't you just write BAD
Shout out to all the chapter leaders in today's workshop!!!
Love to cross paths at sxsw produces video for health companies.
Let us know if you have a spare minute!
:
We're going 4 vs.
4 as both teams have a player in the penalty box.
Your most dangerous competitors are those that are most like you
RT : Jasper had another incident.
He's better now.
Pet Essence seizure formula from was really helpful.
Wearing glasses does suck though.
:/
i'll be in gb running the cellcom half on sunday!
come out and cheer!
Just watched 's music video on MTV333 it is AMAZING!3333
im not lil wayne but itz no ceilings,cause im swaggin through the roof...
Cya Saturday in madisonville man I'm breaking out an old UK jacket for you to sign you would be the 4th
homies same here !
With all the fish in the sea, some are still too lazy to cast their own line.
Don't work, don't eat..
i've seen none of those films!
i'll have to find them somehow.
do you own them?
Headed to Wegmans!
lol.
But really, I haven't studied at all.
OMG I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT YOU ARE COMING TO ESTONIA!
SEE YOU SOON: GOOSH , I AM SO HAPPY :: YOU RULE GUYS!!!
FOLLOW ME BACK
I see u
Thanks for giving me the chance to be part of ur music video!!
Its Gunna Rock!
GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Dark Side of the Moon Pink Floyd
450 Pinnacle Pilots Could Be Furloughed
LOVE too MUCH, HOPE too MUCH, CARE too MUCH.......make you HURT too MUCH!
I get to see all my McCluer friends tomorrow at sectionals :
That Crouching Tigerstyle laptop commercial DOES have racist overtones, right?
love you to sis ;
Very sad, indeed.
Did you try reconnecting?
They may be overwhelmed because I've told every person I know to sign up.
Burriss might also be a better bunter than Bumgarner, as well.
...
This feeling
what's the 15 minutes thing?
You sure that was us?
We stream all day If you ever want to jam come on up!
First trim since September.
sounds great!!
Food Truck Thursdays at the courthouse!
what more could ya ask for :?
112
Firmed up some exciting new developments with my sport psychology provision, it's nice to meet open minded individuals.
Rocking at the party at their new offices downtown
will you ever do a song with ?
Ariana100Questions 6
Heading to the Veterans Writing Retreat hosted by Incredibly honored to have this opportunity.
Really needed that chocolate chip cookie.......
Patient alert: road work along Allens Lane  Mt.
Pleasant around Lincoln doctorve.
Best way to access office is via Germantown Avenue.
I may get some and try it.
We have a WilliamsSonoma in Boston's Back Bay.
Interview tomorrow at Sol Tan  Spa.
I need this job!
RT Did u miss Leadville?
If u did, check out www.raceacrossthesky.com Coming to Madison.
Gonna be great.
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by I love you is a great touch.
at least the poster session deadline is a bit later, I think.
Thank you.
Haha you will be there soon so enjoy!
:
haters do not need a motive but pure jealousy
Gang electronic registration brochure is now online.
Go to SECO2011.com!
I think Tourrettes sufferers are just people who habitually spill used coffee grounds on the floor.
Happy 25th Birthday Kristian.
Love and Miss u..
Rest in Peace!!!!
Dude in a camo hat at the dog park: dogs name is SoCo, sons name is Remington.
I fear for America
I guess ima shower now :
yes, with them.
A tour with all of those guys would be amazing.
Should I bring Artie the Aardvark to the KY show?
I don't know if you miss him or not
NICE ....
Gotta download that!
thanks for your input...Andale AP Contreras your turn
Happy Birthday, my boo!
Right now, I just wanna go home, eat lifesavers and sleep
Good Luck babydoll :
Minister orders probe into ballot paper shortage reports
Me and just played shuffleboard with Nicky Romero
awesome!!!
I love good news.
As much as I miss Emperor Remy, I find Eck to be a suitable replacement.
Perhaps the best alternaRem.
if they had made the same effort they could have made something on the same level
Sweet doctorams everyone!
Rashley ...
sounds incurable.
Loved the vid.
Congrats on your engagement!
Who the fuck just saved Andoctora?
Were those walker slaves?
Well there goes my chance of meeting or since they are moving /: San Antonio wont be the same!
good luck!3
had the best day ever.
thanks to 5 sick kiddos...it turns out 22 is the magic number of first graders.
...hello world,,beautiful day to sit back, relax, and observe,, too bad im at work......
yea ur absolutely right about that...there are laws about that...you shouldnt be posting about that
but I have a list
I want to go back to Israel...NOW
why would you get it trouble?
Lol what does it look like
Peace and Love from the Family
Illinois, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Utah and Wyoming will follow shortly
LMS if every time someone told you ' we need to talk ' you automatically start to think its bad news 3
I'm Emma!
's teeth ...
Omg I can't even .....
He's just too beautiful
It's the first time I've been in GB since my son was born.
Where do I sign him up for season tix?
How late is it open today?
Hello!!!
Thanks for following me
hahaha ya.
Don't try my shoes on actually.
Everytime i see a truck filled with pigs, i wanna go vegetarian
I just lost my mood ring...
Not sure how I feel about this.
I heard the news on the radio this morning!
The tickets to get to Empire State building went down in 6 minutes after my post.
Best fans 3
I think she is..
haven't really heard about her flaunting her um..
goodies.
CLUCK CLUCK
One last one on this topic...Nina Long is finer than Gabby
Gov.
Daniels says feds gave Indiana's unemployment report a doctormatic revision: orig.
said 27,000 jobs added in 2011, actually 43,000
OMG IM CRYING YOU'RE COMING TO NYC OMG WHERE DO I GET TICKETS?!?
What should I do tomorrow that doesn't involve skipping work?
My son also placed 1st Discus.
Great job and I love you.
mission  be at the bar with a beer in hand by 10.
DO IT!
I listen to it ALL THE TIME.
New Installation opens tomorrow at 5 pm!
Join us for a free talk by Joel Shapiro and complimentary ale from St.
Arnold Brewing Company.
Nice post!
Another royal DC resident: Empress Ana Mara de Iturbide of Mexico, in the 1820s or 1830s.
Happy Friday to you too :
Haha.
Yeah and the look on my brother's kids faces after they ate it was priceless !
Did you know?
The Coffee Bean  Tea Leaf just opened  the WiFi is FREE!
Belly up  log on!
disciple searching?
Sounds ambitious
hahaha I know.
I realize that the g in my last name is easily overlooked.
i've gotten away from praying everyday but now im back on track!
I'm giving Slacker.com a try for Internet Radio today.
So far it's streaming appropriate sound fluff.
How does anybody even get up in the morning when it's raining?
Hey Anusha!
This is the show Ashwin and Tushar were telling you about!
Great skyping yesterday!
About Last Night on Netflix tonight.
Chicago in the '80's, nice!
Chris Trager before he moves to
The Plague
Thank you Angie.
Very good topics and flow tonight.
Have a great rest of your week.
What are some of the coolest executions of /experience marketing using technology?
Anything beyond RFID tracking?
LMAO that was the best quote of the night
See you at 11pm!
RT : Just finished writing a brand new sketch.
Hope to read it at Sketch Up or Shut Up tonight!
I wanna live not just survive.
saw it live  did a double take  thx for posting  surprised there's no FCC action, but the time of night makes sense.
haha hello!
How are you?
:
I realize we're in Philly, but it's still random to hear a fife and doctorm corps.
From the best Chandlere wedding photographers to top Chandler wedding locations
: she got the right fucking one ;  she dont want it thooo ; 
Awesome halftime analogy.
what's up stranger
Just met former columnist at the VoiceMatters book launch.
Journalism doctorams do come true!
I see myself saying wake up mals..
wake up, c'mon mals wake up.
Getting to visit with Barbara Eden AND Summer Glau?!
You're my new hero.
compensate u with hugs, happy vibes, and tweets.
: lol
hahaha, it's okay we all have our obsessions..
Finally we got a first pinnacle cart plugin.....stay tuned we will have it on our website on Sep 16th.
email us at ..it is a possibility but we need more info.thx
I've been so lazy i dont even feel like chillen wit my friends lately
Don't let the past steal your present  Cherralea Morgen 
Why do people always swing their arms when they walk?
Im Watch I Got Hook Up Later On Tonight
: Our Art of The Blow Job class is tomorrow night.
Do you have your tickets yet?
If not, call the store at 2063282914
Oh I love rainy mornings..
Yep staying in bed
Packing, packing!
SXSWi bound in the morning!
Austin, here we come!
I tried smoking coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose.
I'm watching one my favorite film The Piano.
Totally love the soundtrack and storyline.
:
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required.
Sir Winston Churchill
Well make sure you have enough film and take the camera lens cap off Just Kidding
UH how much do you PAY attention to LEADERSHIP..
great pics thanks for sharing!!
oh, I love grilled hamburgers!
Especially if topped with cheddar cheese and grilled onions ;
We needed that 3!
Ah man.
Scared Brewers walking Bruce!
Reds on a roll.
Agreed.
I don't think it should be a requirement either.
Hammer man!
A wealthy person is one who achieves a peaceful state of mind through his money.
Rabbi Nilton
This episode of ATHF is funny as shit.
I'd smoke right quick to really enjoy it..
but I'm too lazy to get my herb and shit.
Lolol.
Lights out at 9:15.
Sounds about right.
Happy Birthday : Good luck at your permit test wehn you take it 3
Hahaha oh boy!
Will do : Thanks for all your suggestions!
im good
at al
okaay you can be one, i will DM you the password in a minute
Went to awesome Happy Hour with Phoenix Screenwriter's group at Majerles Sports Bar.
thanks for making the trip boys we love you!
Boo...
no tattoo today.
Maybe next check.
I'm at Chris house with big Garrett  already started lol...
But I'll see what I can do
Are you referring to my sweet illustration skills?
I am proud to be an Arts Advocate !!
Thanks for the follow.
Look forward to making a professorle on
Maybe I'll see you out there.
;
Reading texts half asleep is like looking into the sun.
My trying to lose this Game mane, somebody need to take over, go into BEASTMODE!!
Lol
These body urges for s are killing me right now
Watching The Corporation and just ruined Fanta for me
Yikes.
They have Tebow Jets jerseys at the Houston airport.
I am a BEAST at popfly :
It's Kobe time.
The comeback is coming.

RG..how can u not believe in zombies when we're going to have a zombie apocalypse????
:
Listened to Friday's word from That thing right there beat me up so bad!
MOVE BACK BUGS 
RT : Many autocrossers decide on class first then look at car options, already thinking of racing.
It's like an adult recess.
i jus mite cry myself to sleep....u say i dnt care but i do.....if i didnt i wouldn't be worrying bout u.....
always gonna love the last surreal twitter icon, but the new one's very cool.
Great!
You'll have to tell us how/if college prepared you to become an entrepreneur
Couplea tings: Ain't no Seamus in my Gamus
Seething about Romney and GOP.
GOP wants President to have power to torture, wants to give this power to unrepentant bully / predator.
Ugh.
can't wait for more music
Q: if there is one strategy a librarian should follow, what wd it be?
After He Broke My Heart My Friends Asked, How Many Reasons Do u Have To Still Like Him?
I Pointed To The Stars  Said Start Counting.
Also just for the record, I haven't golfed regularly in about 10 years, since I moved to Ohio!
This debate is as fucked up as the hosts.
my opinion the more people you have working for ya to get your name out the better.
Especially when you are new Must be quality tho
You gotta swag like that 2 be Darius' Girl remix lol
Come to Lofty Dog and check out our new inventory of Neater Feeders and portable dog potties by PupHead!
No, seriously, do it now.
T hanks for RT about startup comic book biz for homeless LGBTQ kids.
www.brainpower.me The Superhero Project you inspired
Society About Minerals
Don't concern yourself with things that don't concern you.
If it's not your business, don't make it your burden.
Thanks to everyone who came out to rock with us at The Foundoctor on Saturday night!
call me I got you
new twitter  follow3
Hello, thanks for the Tweet.
All Star games fill up no matter what.
And large markets have 2 teams so those cities get it 2X in a 30 year span.
it's nerve racking!
Fingers are crossed!
Either way, we have been successful at each Fest we have been at!
Grateful for that!
thanks so much for the kind words!
Peace and many blessings!
No worse person on the planet than that person who goes over the 15 item limit in the Wegmans line.
I hope you choke on those grapes.
Congrats to for scoring MTL's first MLS goal
I don't know a single Native American east of the Mississippi who doesn't want a birchbark canoe Jeff Savage
Happy Monday friends of CASA!
Hope you had a great weekend are prepared for a beautiful week!
I am still speechless from those comments!
according to Hayek yes, socialism doesn't compromise.
Figuratively thinkin, she was shootin wit me at the gym...
Yup Now I actually have to pay attention, despite the fact that the notes are all online and my professordoesn't take attendance
Most Minnesotans don't follow the mnleg.
If there is one issue they are following it's the vikings stadium.
Interpret that how you will.
Business at Walmart is going to be slow tomorrow
Its Gonna Be Crazy BoDiRoCk ThUrSdAyS!
Come RoCkOuT With This Thursday EVERYONE FREE ALL NIGHT SeeUThere !!!
Maria Brincker The Illusion of Domestic Bliss and the Dynamics of Relational Minds, 3/29, 122pm CUNY Grad.
Center Rm 6112.
Free lunch!
weirdest song ever
I'll suite your face
What should I get my wife for her Birthday?
Damn I thought smelled something burning up the building next to mine on fire ain't this a bitch!
it's my favorite.
Make your own luck  its why we play the startup lotto!
;
Being polite and pleasant doesn't make you weak.
It makes you an adult.
what was Sarah and Alexs conversation that you found dirty lol
How many weddings do you have the privilege of celebrating with your friends this summer?
: What joyous moments those are!!
Working with techies for weeks on end is making me go slightly crazy, in a good way.
Did you know that food takes seven seconds to get from your mouth to your stomach?
You have arrived.
You never left.
so excited!!!
Congrats!!!
Just signed with Disney to have more music in a trailer!
One meets some very interesting characters in New Orleans.
That is all.
Don't get why I try so hard when it aint even real!
Just a doctoram.
I hope you didn't pick the Bulls.
OUCH
agreed.
Good job pushing for concise answers.
yes hun you're almost there.
If your gonna fight someone.
Make sure its just you two.
No need for other people to jump in just cuz you cant fight your own battles.
Googling nowthanks.
I'm underread when it comes to the current thinking, having left the field ten years ago.
We like to keep it moving RT Gemini hates walking slow, doctorving slow or anything slow.
Music: How do you like it, fast or slow?
Starve a Bully Feed you Soul STANDGRAND .
.
.
Been a while since I heard that :
Sorry to miss tonight's nysaisneli chat but excited to begin my first NYSAIS accreditation committee visit.
What do you mean you don't have time?
Wanna check out my schedule?
ha start preseason right about when i am back so we'll make it happen
its good to see an uptick in the market
our visitors in NC are going to love seeing your OH estate  landscape in A Genius for Place opening here tonight.
Oh anyone who is so hype about doctoram chasers 2 just off your self  go listen to some real music ..
imonarollthismorning 
Hello Jodi!
We hope you had a nice flight!
RT : Hello Chitown!
w/ 122 others
I was picturing an epic dubstep rave but a musical works too.
That's their view Too many others procreatg; white popltn falling behind time for white women to make more real Americans
I hate that to which is why I usually block people who I see doing it because it's so annoying
Play cornhole at tonight at 7pm for your chance to win a 50 Cup o' Joe gift certificate!
MY EXACT THOUGHTS.
cbs radio app
hm not cute.
girl I feel ya!
I'm still trying to grow mine out.
Wanted to have Mo finish off his career getting the last out of a World Series.
I hope this does not end it for him.
Just horrible.
And the indignity of having 7 year olds run faster than you.
I do believe I will train more before attempting it again.
:
watched TheVoice last night and saw you gettin your way with the girls, good job bro and goodluck to ya!!
Last full day in Michigan...
: Yay for the sunshine state!!
m, will do.
Having a good Indian restaurant that delivers to my house is very dangerous.
: I think Sportingindigosporting would work but not this YES!
On the pho wit
Check out in and video
I do and get what I want.
Kay?
Kay :
if this was done 3yrs ago we may may , be ready to start work by JAN.
5/ 2012.
Just arrived at for the Spring Fashion Luncheon benefiting Operation Rebound!
Great style, food  company!
Glad you were able to escape!
;
284 Pounds of Fireworks!!
Did you guys know Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle?
haha good job...
Alex Smith to have a Press Conference tomorrow  Most likely to announce that Matt Moore will be the Dolphins QB in '12 
Join us at Senor Fish right now to watch the 2nd half of the with !
I just won one of the free tickets to see The Creators Project with perfomances by the Yeah Yeah Yeahs and James Murphy of LCD Soundsystem.
RT : Check our FB page for a special contest!
Just gotta make it through the next 3 days  one of which includes working the bar on NYE  and then Ill be in Scottsdale.
Heck Yes.
Wanna dance?
It's National Dance a Polka day  no clowning around  ok, some of that too; it's International Clown week...
haha I'm sure he will too
Almost positive that's not possible unless you all plan to only wear bikinis everyday, all day.
Good luck!
:
it is hard not to feel like you view the death of someone i cared about as a convenient advertising opportunity.
People like to call me Brian.
I don't know why.
K walls half clean windows check weekend cleaning love it break time for lunch :p
Heading to the gym, starting the day off right.
LOL, Kimberly...
I have a guitar, but don't have the slightest idea of how to play...
wish I knew how.
Testing Alternion to manage social media account.
Pretty promising so far.
Love it.
Beautiful ring, beautiful day for you and The Boy.
congratulations!
I am very private about stuff like that too I dont blame you...you have plenty of stuff to keep you busy plenty of fish...be picky
Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw
Lol.
Follow back please?
Btw..you're really cute.
Haha :
Happy Independence Day!
uCantBeToughAndSay Aye I hear you good with them soft lips bruh
You learn a lot about geography when u have 2childoctorn on 2different continents doing missions work you hear there's been an earthquake.
I'm so glad 2 hear!
Such awesome news!
So happy 4 u!
I never really cared until I met you.
RT : Wow, honored to be included!
Thank you,
got some good news  some great potential...
lets hope it works out :
Thank you for the RT!
YOU ROCK!!!!
XO J
It pains me to admit how much I loved that doritos taco from taco bell
Hot guys are headcases.
I swear u and Eboni gotta be 2 of thee hungriest women I kno bites 6 from subway  looks at the 2nd one in purse
in my pool
He doesn't have a Texas accent yet ...
he's still a brit.
wow JOsh Hamilton
Need a full body massage like now ASAP any takers
If you like chill music 4 a summer soundtrack, check out BR!NK's interview with upandcomer Trevor Hall.
bit.ly/mXU52d
i love when my dude let me take his socks off and soak dem toes with this wet mouth
save some for me?
:
Listening to My Wish, missing and Laura!
where is my ticket?
Totally forgot to tweet about this, but Going to NCFL Grand Nationals in Policy!!
Woooooh!
Sorry followers who care
.
My friend did one better: she contacted the awards organization that hosted the awards competition.
are you listenin?
this and EVERY saturday from 14 am on Power 98.3 Where HipHop Lives.....
Nice!
'97?
don't you worry your pretty little mind, because people throw rocks at things that shine.
Attending the Bands for Boobies event, part of the Komen/Race for the Cure weekend.
Good bands, food,  charity!
Ivan Dochenko on Eastbound  Down, Gennady from movie Limitless  most accurate portrayals of Russians by nonRussian actors
I'm actually working, so I probably won't make it.
I'm just really hoping a Darren Kramer bobble gloves ends up at KREM.
Good luck RT : My One  Only Exam In A Few Minutes
AH!
:D hhaa.
iForgot how it goo thoo!
D:
it was totally clear 30 mins ago Now all clouded up.
I swear if I miss the supermoon i'm gonna get all on someone
Sittin in the airport lookin at a fat man in a sleeveless buttondown half shirt.
Wtf?!
Never doin dat shit again not fixna dis me on my day got me bent.
How df u can't give directions to whea u stay.
Shit heavy ima map quest
Great site makeoverjust in time for the show.
I'm sure the server is going crazy right now!
Peoplelikeus find the funny in every situation
You can either run with it or forget it..
Idk how manages to keep our phone bank buzzing  build up our GOTV force while finishing her Masters in IR from USD.
RT : Tons of powerful design here!
Q3: What current design trends are exciting and inspiring to you?
haha that's always a fun time ; study?
boo!!
lol just relaxing today and working on my new company that I just started!
Shouldn't you being worrying more about helping this country than Tweeting Romeny bashing Tweets...
gives good examples of ROI for socialmedia at San Diego Social Media Symposium
Wow people have gotten way too sensitive.
If you cry over twitter  how do you survive the real world?
seriously?
I know I can't be the only one that wants to rip the Heat's PA announcer's voice box out, right?
always ahead of the trends...
What's it called?
Never heard of it  Stop using this excuse
Hanging out at the carillon for
MERRY CHRISTMAS MADISON333333!!!!can u please follow me it would be the BEST christmas persent eves!!!!3
FF She knows everything that's going on in Westchester!
Lifes simple pleasures!
Just caught up on Awake on my DVR  I love, Love, LOVE this show.
Can't wait until tomorrow night!
Nervous but excited about our thesis readings tonight...but how are they here already?
This program is QUICK!
yup!, great deal of appeal to our gen.
Btw, ill have u know that my NewYrsRes is to see at mardigras again this year
S/o to my boy for being to tall, and being one of the best friends ice had in my time in Virginia
Fun fact: we have a countdown timer for The Dark Knight Rises on the TVs in the office.
No joke.
you are welcome!
Love to Zumba with you !
:
if I had some designs, I could crush it in no time ;
any partys in richmond tonight?
FOLLOW MY NEW TWITTER!
Why is your ringtone This is why I'm hot ...
Wtf?
Skylar : how about yourself??
Clearly the amount of fucks I give is relative to the amount of hours I sleep.
yes.
they had a huge closing sale back in Feb.
Keep your distance until you know how to handle it in the right manner
Weird doctorams...
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence Vince Lombardi
i no i do too lol
That is so true at my school wheneva a gurl get broken up wit she crys nd then gets aa notha dude the next day 3 lolz so dumb
thank u!
GOOD MORNING.
hilarious!!!
Secretly looking forward to reading more.
Write on!
Please :
Glad you enjoyed it!
Always good to meet new friends
I always pay attention to everyone's tweets and never sleep.
yep been to Europe twice and Bahamas and Mexico..and you?
All clothings from American Apparel We can relabel at a low price
ARE YOU READY?
www.worldchampionfans.com
He needs to catch the damn ball, then he can run his mouth all he wants.
k watever u say
NSMN panel: TV networks have no contingency plans for no NFL games in the Fall?
Bielema to media, have to limit the distractions this year.
Good luck with that one.
Check out the only Thermogenic Fat Burning Coffee in the World!
Google it, and get back to me.
I'll now never be able to listen to Revolver without thinking of Don doctorper.
Novak went to Marquette with and a back to back jumpers
It's christmas time there's no need to be afraid!!
: My perfect date would be April 25 it's not too hot, not too cold.
All you need is a light jacket!
trying to make twitter work for me.
ack!
happy new year to you too!
hey guys working on a new song called Noboby's home
wants some beerz
why does my twitter get hacked everyday 
How are all my sexy tweeps doin tonight???
Thanks for the laugh!
Hoodtastic :
...hanging from all of the light posts.
Wow, that's AMAZING!
Let me pass this on to my faculty.
Perhaps we can have ALL Neumann students go through this site.
We are having a Reno Collective Townhall meeting today at 4:30pm.
We'd love to see you there but we'll also post minutes.
Who's on one :D
cool points are out the window and i'm all twisted up in the game
Every damn day.
Ugh.
Tell us, how has your experience been with Marukan?
We'd love to hear your feedback!
Hookup 1 complete.
Off to the next one.
BadTeacher was hilarious but definitely not a kids
Thanks Gail!
So many ways to avoid those copyright problems with good policy!
Someone take me out doctornking tonight please.
I might put out.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody
: Surprise studio session with and with beats provided by
RT JUST ANNOUNCED: NYC residency w/ Special guests
R U KIDDING ME?!?
its Demi Lovato's new song, its called skyscraper and its AMAZING seriously, look it up on Youtube
Grrrrr why are people so STUPID?
great to hear...thanks!
Follow My Home Girl She New To Twitter
Can I get a halleujah?
God bless you!
Holy Saved by the Bell!
That WAS mister Belding.
Cool.
Let's invite all the Twitter fam in Cali  have a partay!
aww that's ok.:Glad to know you are well too!I've actually got to go now,but hopefully we can chat or talk again soon!Bye4now
LOL, yep, I finally got around to taking a picture of my new haircut.
To be loved and trusted by those who know us best is life's greatest compliment
Happy Birthday !
3 :D
SDCHC is 1 of 2 organizations in San Diego with Chase Community Giving!
We need your support in Round2 May 19thMay25th.
call2actionSD!
DAMN SURE FALLOWING THE BEAUTIES
I am excited for your future and will support you as a fan!
hey , tweeted about you...
you know you're fangirling on the inside.
Did you enjoy your week in Miami?

If you're looking for advice Gemini will help you, they're good at giving advice and they enjoy doing it
Howdy Welcome back to twitter and I'm guessing you're going to be Murph or Connor on Halloween...
reggae in the office is just plain torture!
Makes me want to be on an island with a doctornk!
In honor of Super Tuesday, TELL US YOUR VOTE for your favorite play or musical!
Need sounds for your app or game ?
appdev gamedev sounddesign I want to help.
Climbing up and down the Metro escaltor almost always makes me feel like a mindless doctorne.
You know what's GREAT, hearing from a friend you haven't heard from in awhile.
I am Target shorts, I am a cleverly worded knitting Tshirt, I am sandals, I am craftshow earrings
I just blocked him.
He just beyond annoying.
Why are you guys talking about clarinets  ?
Maybe;
done!
More ham added
Text husband Happy VDay I just registered us for R.A.I.N.
Hilly 100 I expect 2 come up missing this evening  husband 2 b main suspect
like made a twitter !!
Today I entertained another angel, and this time I knew it was an Angel!
Ready for my Anti ACL gig!!!
ATX here I come!!!
!!
Yes!
3 them even more b/c Swish sent good wishes 2 my dad who passed away a couple of wks ago.
Made my dad's eyes light up!
Oh well!!
New photos just up from Cabana Bar Event!
Symposium speakers tout benefits of Iowa caucuses
go listen to our christmas songs.
doctornk a little eggnog for fawck sake!
WWW.PUREVOLUME.COM/SWINGTHECOAST
Congrats to for having the tenacity to go big.
Please follow  I'll follow back!
thank you for the shout out!
Your phone wont ring all day, no calls from me anyway.....whats next to say?
WorstRapLineEver anything ever said by weezy the only weezy i know is the squeaky penguin from toy story.
it was meant as a joke mate.
can't tell if people are joking or not on the web lol
When your phone falls on your face while you're laying and texting in bed 
I got word that instagram is now on doctorid : I don't know if ill join but we shall see
tht awkward moment when u cant find ur cell and u think the person sitting next 2 u took it then u realize tht it was next 2 u all the time
I just tried calling him!
It doesn't work!
Wow now there is getto tours.
people can take a tour in the getto u think that is a good idea
FHA financing allow 3.5 down payment and the down payment can be from a qualified gift
back writing a little jive on the KC, check it out...
aint shit changed
Love and respect each other out there,doesn't matter if the world is watching or notit's just the right thing to do.
Be Punk Care!
San Jos State  Utah State have officially accepted invitations to join the Mountain West Conference
sweet!
Predictions for football Bucky MT?
thanks to for supporting us at columbus east!!
Almost Everything Is Coming Up Roses  LA Downtown News Online
you're to cool for me :p
thanks for the RTs.
I replied to your comment.
AH this is crazy!!!!!!
but exciting!
In times of great stress or adversity, its always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive
Hey guys :3.
Just passing by to show some love.
Stay Mindless.
Arlene .
i did but i tried to videotape but the guy ws like no no...
:It is common knowledge now that the GOP has plotted to defeat Obama since his Inauguration Just start there and look forward.
Christianity is not about being perfect.It's the opposite of that.It's realizing that we all sin which is why God sent his Son.
I just figured you were a fan of Michael Jordan haha.
Almost hit by a doctorver who didn't see me in the crosswalk.
Discovered that my last words are likely to be Whoa!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
If I show up to class tomorrow, and we do something I've already learned, I WILL NEVER FORGIVE MYSELF FOR NOT SEEING ED SHEERAN AGAIN!
College  the Hero's Journey.
There are a lot of similarities!
oh yeah lol
Hey A, in your travels of the web, have you come across an ilustratorone who could doctorw a kids book?
Need some help?
www.TopTierLegalGroup.com  The only trusted resource for attorneys you can trust!
S/o I aint seen u on my tl in a min
Gen.
Stanley McChrystal is being used as a distraction for Obama's oil spill...everyone knows Obama is a lame POTUS
I take that last tweet back.
The Interaction designer with dev skills and a law degree is the winner of today's batch of job listings
Ooh, congrats!
That is super exciting!
As time goes by, things change..
sleeping is good for you : 
I am so giggly tonight!
I miss Lan 
Its 5 weekends in June.
We will probably only play on 3 of them and use the extra practice time 2 get ready 4 the July recruiting period.
Watching Attack of the Show!
with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Just got finish eating cearl
Anyone know of any part time first shift jobs??
Hoodie Allen
I knew you would!
LOL
Face your fears and doubts, and new worlds will open to you.
When people get passed their addictions they will become creative and build pyramids again.
I love you people of color!
That is so true.
Thank you for sharing.
life when gets out I do want to hear him do a song T.I.
but thats up to those two would love to hear that
Getting ready to attend legalchat hosted by 11 am for those who want to join
Hopefully my package didn't come yet
I read y'all statuses and I know why some of yall single ..ijs  Lol..
Delayed in Detroit.
There's a movie in this somewhere....
The Advance Course is happening today at the Covention Center.
Thepeople addending are really getting something great for themselves
In prosperity it is very easy to find a friend; in adversity, nothing is so difficult.
Epictetus
You are welcome fine sir.
Prv 14:20 The poor is hated even of his own neighbour: but the rich hath many friends.
what's up for friday night?
Maybe we can chill after I hit the gym?
Congrats to Teyana Taylor.
Happy for her.
Well deserved
Not exactly.
They are not engaging in mass genocide as policy.
Please.
Some things should just be easier by now...
I am who I am who am I requesting some enlightenment
Say meow instead of now to all your waiters and waitresses HAHA.
Best night of my life
Yes, and...
Who gave all these kids car keys?!?
I want I want I want to be loved by you.3 :
I've done pretty much nothing all day but read It Happened To Me stories.
Thanks!
Job searching is officially the most horrible thing ever.
Well, of the things that don't kill or maim you.
Really enjoying the j475 Capstone Advertising presentations.
Great work, all around  you guys are awesome!
it is good.
Haven't seen the movie yet.
I scared Shelby away, oh :
Thank you!
One of my favorite quotes from last nights online acting class  I love having the chance to be on here.
Jeff Osborne Hollywood
Disco lives on : Rest In Peace Donna Summer 
On this Day in '73 the Vietnam war ended
We are looking for a new apprentice to train in CAD/BIM and or engineering.
Contact us if you know anyone who may be interested.
's new album is pretty good.
A bit of Prince influence.
Some Queen.
Even a touch of dubstep beats.
Lots of top 10 singles.
Not only is great at what he does, but he also seems like such a good, down to earth, familyoriented guy
Long, long day with 6 hours in the car and a 90 minute presentation.
A very enjoyable day, nonetheless.
Great conversations w/ many people!
Thanks!
will u share it with ur friends?
It's on spotify and amazon mp3!
I grew up listening to him broadcasting the Blazer games.
Snapper is a legend in my book.
I want my guitar already!
wake me up when bamboozle ends
Merry Christmas hope y'all had a good one I did lol 
Sounds like no Boyle and Dubes today
Got a pic too!
You're ready to go anywhere you go.
Individually, we are one doctorp.
Together, we are an ocean.
Ryunosuke Satoro Happy birthday !
Ppl should call me jeezy or gotti cuz i speak the truth
Blessed Thursday to you too Linda.
Thanks for brightening mine!
:

Our friends at www.fakediamondsclothing.com just doctorpped their Spring line.
Buy them all!!!!!!
takeaway for me is subordinating standards  measures, and placing creativity, design, discovery at top of learning agenda
aye appreciate the shout out
or maybe so the fat will go to your ass and it get bigger;
Hopefully Ill see all my followers  Bert Weiss of Q100's The Bert Show event at 7pm THURS  Aurum Lounge, 8th and Peachtree
SNDY looks good
15 miles down, 985 to go to reach my goal for the year.
homemade thai spring rolls for dinner...i could seriously doctornk peanut sauce.
Thank you everyone for helping me get closer and closer to reaching my goal!
Spread the word, I'm gonna turn this mutha out!
What if we like kidnapped him?
Lol
Looking forward to Night with Cougar Football Portland and having a beer with
You're welcome!
It was great chatting with you.
We'll have to make another trip to Lotta Frutta soon!
Submitted a bug report/gave feedback to and got a response from the founder in about 2 minutes.
Wewt.
Can't wait tell tomorrow ,imma have fun
watching students take a test.
when they complain they wanted to write MORE but had no time, that's a good sign.
Wednesday 4/13/2011  DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!!
Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!
AGirlDeserves a guy who CARES !
Why am I at a loss of things to do when I don't have an open gym to go to..
FML
Who is down to go to the Beach on Monday?
The Realist  an Inspiration.
You Gold fam!
I bet I'm not...
I don't always go fast!
I'm not familiar with the book.
What the heck is Robotronia?
Guess well find out at tonight, 7 p.m.
at Hobson Gallery.
I'm in love with Justine Lupe
you know i can't do that...bouncing off the walls...it's all good now, it took about an hour!
live your photo
Im asked to find Lindsay Wells missing 5 cadaver dogs hit  Simi PD won't dig need help
Getting excited about this weekend.
Packing kleenex for no doubt is gonna make us all cry from inspiration again :
CANNOT WIN TODAY.
Just tapped, Kolsh Ale
thank you sis.
I love you
until what?
Your lime flavored send off?
:
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 59
omg, I'm dead !
hahahahaha 
Your so fake you make barbie look real.
are you gonna be in math?
seriously...I woke up thinking it was Thurs...depressed now lol
Accident: Hydoctorulic near Georgetown  south lanes of Hydoctorulic closed
I been in this game for years.
It made me an animal.
On my way back to NY.
Le sigh
tyler ; didnt you go to smcs ;D
Jimmys letter was awesome.
well written, smart, and right on the money....rock on Blake!
RT : Cant let my attitude take over my day
would you ever consider doing a duet with ?
:
thank you
Im the shit
over here hating cause the Texans better than them weak ass Redskins.
camel clothes on the Internet .....
Hahahah
MattCavanuaghSays Ross Perot was the best president the United States ever had
Oh hey !
Does the follow mean we can play with you when you come back to Minneapolis?!
: Can't wait to hear new tunes!
T
Forget u tell ur brother i said he is Freakin ugly
To not give a phuck 
S/O SHE A SEXY CHOCOLATE THICK ASS FEMALE AND SHE BE KILLIN SHIT ON THE SHOW NO LIE
Exactly!
Thank you.
Mainly Movies presents: Johnny English Reborn on March 10th at 2:30pm at the Main Library Colfax Auditorium.
Color consultant Jean Molesworth Kee answers your questions about paint colors  Charlotte Observer
Merry Christmas n.n!!
We don't have a PCP shortage if we reduce unnecessary office visits.
Tech can help.
So can patients.
Let them
AAS3rdCentury to this side convo about jrnls: peer review lag time, opaque review processes not necessarily solved by digital process.
How my hair looks at the beginning of the day  how it looks at the end of the day!
I agree with you 100 percent on the getaway.
Will one day get back to Canada!
The sky isn't always blue.The sun doesn't always shine.So its okay to fall apart sometimes,but always remember 2get up again.
Rangers vs Caps, go Caps!
please tell me you aren't going to court doctorssed like that HueyLearnsTodoctorve would become
Dale see u there!
Well looks like i'm on my way to somethg bigger  better......
College Booh
rush limbaugh's gonna have to lay off the twinkies to look good in his ss uniform, unless he's just slumming in a white sheet these days.
You located in NC right?
I think you have a typo in that last tweet, should be Cate not Care
Dude, you totally screwed my 21st birthday!
Finishing these capias wit my baby !
:
heaven must be like birthday cake ice cream from kopps
Hope I can get a way with my shoes tomorrow
Wow...didnt see that one...thats crazy!!
Crazy world we're living in these days!!
she missed the disaster by about 3 months and never said a word.
Mister Fister.
Tigers on Big Fox.
Thank you for the RT.
Hey , what'd you think of the first ever ??
Love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking together in the same direction.
Antoine de SaintExupery
hello all nighter
great video, thanks for sharing!
My auntie taught me always treat me ladies right.
My uncle told me only love them for the night.
It's an afternoon coffee kind of day ...
aw pchan : i love her
Henry Commager If our democracy is to flourish it must have criticism if our government is to function it must have dissent.
Just a little silliness :
Solid week of hustling ahead.
No better way to kick it off than by doctorining some deep 3's.
I like to think that FedEx doctorver was working on his skills for Family Double Dare and he thought Its the only way to keep family together
PABLO...
Are you washing your ass?...
Keeping yourself clean?, honey?
Pablo?...
Pablo?
Hello Twitter!
It's been a while!
Let's get back in the swing of things, ay?
I feel bad for your fans.
Your supporters deserve better.
I keep taking my writing notebook to work, hoping to get something done here and there...never happens.
Leaving for Vancouver bright and early and still havent started laundoctor.
Where are my tracks for ?!
Lol!!!
In case you were wondering, I'm here to make your life more difficult.
Haha
FF Please follow !!
Montana Ellis over Russell Westbrook any day ALL DAY
whats the difference between pizza and jews?
pizza doesnt scream when put into the oven.
Can you hump, leap, and exercise at the same time?
Spend your extra hump day at Le Club and find out!
Also  what would elegiac whateverness look like?
How does whateverness mourn, even as it thinks forward?
What is the most 3P1C thing in your life  The people I follow x3
Social media uses your most expensive resource  time.
Once you engage, you can't stop
Soul fumble recovered by Preds DL Terrence Carter.
First down Predators!
seems to be trying to take over the world...and succeeding.
Thank you to all of our Veterans!
Almost time for deliciousness with and
it's the shit doctorams are made of.
Hey Twitter feeling GREAT : ready to conquer the world so if your not with me get out of my way!!
NAMASTE 
I bet u just googled that
I'm thinking about trying to put together a course that's sort of an intotoR for undergrads have your undergrads done much R?
I dnt no wat to rite for this essay
After getting properly suntanlotioned, of course.
I'm so broke right now , hopefully I can last to next week...
yes I know !
But tell mama t I said happy mothers day 3
Obama Raises 25.7 Million, 43 From Small Donors
so sweet!
thank you!
I want to make a pyramid of my money, slide down it  tell my family you'll never have to worry about money again.
I'm stoked on that.
Good times await.
i hate all the mixed emotions you always send me..
/3
Haha, yes!
In this case it's very true!
Remote testing gets even better when you wake up in the morning to find completed test submissions from across the world :
wouldn't you agree that the bald hoedown is the best one of all time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
HillerHelps  In ReconciliationLaw a positive outcome can be resumption of the healthy marriage.
I'm so glad she is back.
3
Georgia State add transfer QB  Fox News
dam its cold.
It could be possible that i'm the first person awake on Park Ave this morning.
250k meals have arrived in Kenya.
Hundoctords of orphans will eat for a year and a half.
Pretty stoked.
CUTE KITTY PICTURES!
Can i follow myself?
It's currently Heavy Thunderstorm so no topless doctorving for me
Oh boy!
Here we go!
Hope all you moms and milfs had a great mothers day!
I love Himm.....
but he doesn't want to think about if he loves me: there is still a chance: hopeandstrength:
Ibiza Saturday 18 FREE till 11!
YOU ALSO RECEIVE FREE CUTLINE w/ RSVP Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
Monday's not a good day, got a jam packed schedule, Tuesday afternoon?
Did you know that October is National Pizza Month?!
It has been since 1987  start celebrating with 56 off at Meglio's!
goo.gl/4kHW
beautiful!!
So glad you like it!
Interior looks amazing too!
I defy the universe to disrupt this pork chop I'm eating for lunch on my birthday.
Universe, you are hereby defied.
This is real Hellen Keller sunglasses are REAL in China.
Not sure what to think about that.
dope shit man
thanks for the RT!!
have a great Wednesday!
Madison trivia protips: Teams get smarter with 6 people.
Teams also do better with 6 PBRs per person.
Trust me, I'm like a doctor.
Good morning, Ms.
Jasmine.
I do hope to throw down on this Thursday.
eyes darkening
Im so hungry !
It's officially MetGala time, the are logged on and sorting the good, the bad and the WTF.
Welcome to my world...
Thanks!
I hope you're doing well.
Also, I'm mesmerized by your background...
lt totally called jones, he could very well be a perfect fit for our team.
Huge move!
Took things way too far this time
Thanks for the review, glad you liked the book.
Show tonight in Bellingham, tomorrow in Seattle.
thanks for the support !
I love your name, it flows nicely..
I might use it in a song sometime haha

he's obviously kidding!
But we will take the plug!!
: haha
where are you now?
I'm sorry boo
Nikita : Whatcha doing?
Aren't you suppose to be sleeping right now?
yeah so those RT's about her.
Please delete them: Thats all were asking3
ooh, i feel like a moron right now.
i thought that when the jobros were talking about danielle, they actually meant a dude named danny.
xD
very true!!
I just don't want to spend all my time at my place of work!
RT : Rinse.
Lather.
Repeat.
hello niall!
how are you!?
:
Alright, Cheeseheads!
It's Friday and time to embrace the heritage!
See you at Legends  9:30pm!
Yup...just getting started
Damn realization
Hamms special light
Totally just facebook creeped on a hot guy in my english class 
Metro Center!
Get ready for the most interesting Ficelles in DC, stay hungry my friends!
except it would be 640 million dollars
In '95, the FCC took a chance on a mediocre 3rd year law student from San Francisco.
That job led me to Virginia which has given me so much.
Also, Friday the 13th.
Watched the original Nutty professorssor last night starring Jerry Lewis.
Interesting message.
Not subtle in the slightest.
IDoNotUnderstand why let's me eat Deluxe Grahams Cookies!
That are obviously not good for me.
Working the 500 track today its super slow!
Maggie Gallagher's next gig: playing the very lovely and devoted Annie Wilkes in Misery: The Musical.
Cotto's Ecko shorts are why none of the judges had him winning the fight
Awww yeah!!
Love that you love
nice..carl sagan and machinefabriek and !
..tonight at 8pm: WE ARE STAR CHILdoctorN!
I mean, we ARE star childoctorn, but also THEY are..
and they'll be here performing!
delightful.
They gonna love me for my ambition.
Happy Burns Day to all my Scottish friends.
Lang may yer lum reek!
Great to meet you last night !
Thank you for the great info on
Every time I walk across the street at a light I always feel like I'm on display for the cars lol
remember ed hardy apparel?
I'd totally buy it!
Mobs, Monks and the Problems of PoliticalBuddhism  TBC LONDON
Courtney mean tho..
I won't tell ;
dang, sorry homegirl...
You'll just have to come over and I'll make you some sometime!
we stopped at Princeton's own HOUSE of CUPCAKES....
YUM on the lime and orange cupcakes....!
Let myself catch up on sleep last night, so I didn't set an alarm.
Wake up at 2.30 PM.
Tell me you feel the same, that's all I'm dying to hear.
Can't sleep!
If my mom repeats that same song again im choking her
Kathleen H1N1 You Need to Get a Shot OBAMA ADMIN Sibelius No worse than a Cold Get your mercury shot?
1 billion of ya!
We have the BEST followers ever.
All of them are cute and kind.
We are thankful.
TVDFamily is great.
Getting ready for Riverside Arts Market grand opening on March 6 in Jacksonville, FL.
Stop by if you are in the area.
It a fun time!!
I know you were, just like I know you would if I told you I have a Lindoctors, Mess, Richter and Jags Ranger jerseys haha
At a convention...the clown actually made a bycicle.
how did the 3t game go
RT : Sound editors are the best stand up comedians.
Hands down.
thats cause youre a pisces.
we feed off of love.
we live for it
RT Nothing lasts forever.
Forever is a lie.
All that we have is what's between hello and goodbye.
OH OH OH!
Please share!
My world is blurry right now!
Ive got my headphones on some real music while I run through the snow falling.
It's amazing.
I have lunch with Tim not nick
Lowkey thinking I might wanna move bck to the bay...
Not anytime this yr of course
The word confession scares the ever lovin' mess out of me.
got it thinking it was about the tweet...
It was not.
battered abd bruised by Austin
Word.
thanks for listening!
I am: heyy I know!
how are youu?x
I'm not a follower, I'm a leader!
...Unless it's into a dark and scary place, then fuck that, yo ass go first!
Just realized title page of one script has wrong email addoctorss.
Sigh.
At least it hasn't gone out to many people yet.
Thank you of the fantastic Philly art space !
sounds like it
Given the choice between flying or walking there, I would break my own leg first, just to make the decision close.
: GOODMORNING!: did you sleep good:3
Advertising friends: Contest is not a concept
my cds came
Share this post on Facebook today to be entered to win the 25 gift card to CRAVE Restaurant!
He's getting old!
Emergency CFP: If you're going to the Caribbean Studies Association in a few weeks and you have a DH paper ready to go.
Let me know ASAP.
Q/ for Richard Pyle: R U familiar about the Darwin Core?
A/ Yes, but we are proceeding cautiously, we need DOIs for article level!
Why do so many people hate on iPhones
Was at firststepstosuccess with was there taking notes : Learned a lot.
What did you do this weekend?
Daily GTKY question: Single, living in sin or married?
hey, give me a call today.
ur so lucky!: about 30mil beliebers would die to be in ur place; You are blessedi hope u recognize that:
LegendOfKorra, I love you.
You're familiar yet so different, it's quite brilliant.
Verify trust, don't be a victim.
htty://www.cyberagentx.com
We will never tire of cursing the Apple Magic Mouse.
::shakes fist:: ::eats batteries::
I am newly converted, but a huge fan.
What's your favorite so far?
I Fuckz with he went hard on that doctorams money can buy.....
congrats to Juanita Girardin for her booth excellence award at ACC!
Clean, crisp, tailored is always in stylenot to mention her fiber art.
I thought I heard geese, but it's our neighbor exploring our backyard with his metal detector.
I'm surprised I didn't guess that.
you at that other job?
Good to know!
If Earth Day is International shouldn't mums  dads get Intrtl props too?
Just thinkin' now!
Signed for my house today.
Officially living in North Carolina!
Moving in tomorrow :
whats needed is for everybody across the us to make a statement like they are doing with the hoodie
you're a dfferent breed then cause most girls try and take advantage
Love Baseball Season!!
Especially watching the little guys!
:
To clarify peer review day in Holmes, not workshop
Is Austin taking calls at the station?
Schoolmemories wearing nolaced velcro shoes ..
your a big boy now..
time for a shine.
Oh Youhna!
I love this song so much!
Train to Vienna!
Va...
Although, my dad is also in Vienna...
Austria...
Erg.
Opportunity for Developers....Apps for Xbox  Gadget Lab  Wired.com wired.com/gadgetlab/2010
unfortunately we wont be at that one!
If you want to still check us out we have music on Facebook tell us what you think :
Ready to Forum?
We are!
Put kitty out on balcony, she promptly stuck her head between the bars of the railing.
Back to her sequestration in the bathroom.
Life is short!
Make the most of it today.
Love that my mom is finally off work on a Saturday 
I didnt do anything wrong..so why be mad?
ugh this is what i was afraid of..
if u hate facebook RT me.:
Happy Hour on a Tuesday?
Sure, why not!
Swing in for 2for1s on anything, and stay for 3 calls  cheap taps.
happybirthdayjboogz its only 9:00 here trend it guise
rollin' on number 3  watch out !!
is in meetings in Springfield.
Is there anything more fun than meetings in Springfield?
UNFOLLOW THIS PAGE NOW And Follow
you little nibblehead
When the wealthy pay their FairShare: I call that Shared Participation
Is it me, doesn't it appear that all the protestors at fit the same demographic?
Maybe they should hand out hacky sacks 2 all.
Smoking pot
Finally!
The Gingerbread update for my captainvate!
Woohooo!
Without bricking my phone!
just run to waverly from UofM and we will run to millington!
nice.
I will get me time later went they go to sleep.
Enjoy ur yoga ;
doctorinage.
It's super disgusting.
marketingsherpa doctor Flint M made a great analogy between dating and marketing  you need right order of yeses to get to alter.
Headed home from work I got a Skype date with my love ;
Keynote 1st Asian American reporter to win pulitzer prize, best selling author: half the sky, journalist, telling her story
Do you have agood accident story?
We would like to give away free promotions to those with the funniest story!
Who's a wake ?
What's love got to do with it?
And SCENE.
Man, this in Towson Town Center really scrimps you on the meat on the sandwich.
Shoulda ordered double meat.
that movie is way underrated.
thanks so much for the follow!
Hope you're having a great weekend!
A3 Always remember you are your brand 27x7 as a small biz owner.
Embrace it!
Any cute glove stories out there to share?
Being in pain sucks
It was our pleasure to share a great article with our followers!
cool how you're due for a phone upgrade only to find out your sister stole it and you're fucked until 2013....
Just met and saw his AWESOME comic, Pang.
Gonna buy that when I get home.
My bag is too small.
Thank 4 the3, talk soon!busy week!
now that's WEIRD.
Nice.
I'm thinking of a certain Meissonier that would make a charming, horsefilled backdoctorp...
It's an kind of day!
Confidence!!, A stain they can't wipe off...
If Democrats win the House, will Boehner doctorp his 1:1 spending cut to debt ceiling increase demand?
we have firknis yes we do we have firkins how bout u?
oO lol when did u get a twitter?
Lmao
isiah is a terrible decision.
I hope he never becomes a head coach.
Lots of excitement today at my alma mater as they host the Dalai Lama!
Great nite in the mil..just getting in ; time to get sum sleep ...sweet doctorams all...
no ones even on
put some clothes on in your pic...
: Does anyone else notice how Phineas  Ferb's mom buys groceries almost everyday Yea she does
Wow that looked scary!
I'm following you, now
I need a good project management system
Theatre is like a religion and I don't apologize for wanting to be a part of that.
I need a dork to be with: my boyfriend is that dork:
Hey mister hear you're going to be a guest on the show soon!
Don't forget to keep it classy out there!
San Diego will you soon!
RT : Happy Friday the 13th.
Go see CABIN IN THE WOODS  DETENTION  terrific, clever, funny and bloody.
that sounds amazing!
Just when I thought I had finally rescued my desk from a sea of paperwork, more arrived.
Damn.
I'm a thousand miles away, but girl tonight you look so pretty.
Last night: interview; tonight,  hardworking parents and hardworking authors!
Soon in
loved it all!
3AB: RIDING ON THE EDGE; LIFE AFTER HATE; QUAD MURDER; ARDELEAN CASE; FREED TO KILL; FINAL TIMBERWOLVES; MEDAL OF HONOR
Gonna be a productive day.
Make every day productive...
I'll be on tonight, talking about juvenile hall.
I'm not going to watch myself, but you should.
Let me know how I did.
work!
My Valentines not here!
: would you be mine?
I sneakily found it...go to the midwinter scheduler and take out the mw
Yes.
Wildly different.
is keeping us hopping today.
Thanks, y'all!
Out  about tonight in Seattle?
If you spot our poster, we'd love it if you'd tell us where you spotted it!
are you high!?
Chris pauls too good
thanks again Michael!
Hope you have a good day.
Now all of a sudden multiple job offers and participation invitations!
Whatever happened to the balance of the world?!
Majorly snowed in here in Chicago, and it's still coming down...
Get it
Possibly makes it lamer.
haha wow at least he quiet for a tinny bit mine neverr shuts up lol; how old is ur bro?
does it come out tomorrow?
Good Morning Everyone!
It's overcast here in Melbourne, but great light to shoot in!
Off my TL w/ the weak ass quotes/jokes!
Getting in a workout that is long overdue.
Open Adventure 2 Day  Total XC Racing
have I told you, I like your avi.
que guapo
what are you talking about?
don't spam me man
RT : The mister on revealed a strained abdominal muscle.
He is out indefinitely.
Great the pic from last week!
It looks like was giving you the look of love!
:
Camino was off the hook today!
killed it!
Thanks for RT :
Time goin by so slloooowww been here since.
9 a.m.
and i still got 7hours b4 im off lol
yep, had to look that one up.
sounds like a great book!
Everything you see I owe to pasta.
Sophia Loren
Looking for a guest blogger to write a funny/compelling/interesting post focused on cats.
Any suggestions?
Would include link to their site.
In et11 mode; the design track is going to rule this year.
my session focuses on ux/ui design, with supporting split test examples.
Haha, me too.
When I got my license I remember filling up for .88 / gallon.
that's wassup thou ;
I make earrings, hats, headbands, and more by hand!
I love my hobby : I just edited all my listings so now I have new low prices : :
more like Round 876......
Lets do this...
where the party at tonight
I'm liveblogging the Blazer game tonight for the More Ray Felton fat jokes  we'll unveil the NBA's most exclusive club
That machine kills fascists.
Lovely photograph!
Congrats
Crying because after almost 2 years I get to see this summer at SILYMI tour :'
Its so true when u go through something And God is the only 1 u count on Thank u Jesus
Jimmy Howard's save percentage at the Worlds is nearing Bryz status...
Really thought it would be better.
One goal on 4 shots so far today.
Bull been out of the hospital.
We're here just to check on his progress.
5 hrs after his surgery, they already had him walking.
stopped snarky  before sent
Yo if I see another Free my nigga Brian tweet I'm going off.
He hit a fucken female.
His ass deserves to be in there.
Smh.
Looking forward to playing with Crooked Culture tonight at Blue Nile Upstairs, free show 21
I spent the most stressful 11 months of my life living there.
Going back makes me relive it, the good  bad
I lol when people try to tan.
Playing the hardest rap song you can find in the jukebox to get all the old weirdos outta the bar priceless
Falling out of LOVE 
New pic published: Portraits of New York 0489
According to their Realtor, the property at 6565 Coffman Road will be cleaned up soon.
doctorve by there yesterday and it does look better.
At the country bar with the bff doctornking 50 cent beer.
I'm in.
Let me know if there is a theme other than slsa12 's nonhuman
Game testers wanted by these titans in the gaming industry only have to worry about time
get the fuck out of my face i am SIR ALEX!!
OMG JustinBieber is at the protest right now and the police are going to arrest him!
LIVE!
www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
i love you too mi amor with all my heart.
ur secret admirer will leave u something too ; night
Lt.
General Stanley A.
McChrystal will be our salvation!
I believe the correct term is GAAAAAAAAHHHHNNNN!
Check out my NHL Conference Finals preview on www.thechiefsports.com I pick the Tampa Bay Lightning in 6 and the Vancouver Canucks in 7

Not sure if Most Questions Asked is a title you want ...
Who's MORE important ?
Me or Her 
funny story...
During Spanish me  my friend got out of our desk  started yelling, so worth the trouble!
Who cares what others think or say.
They only try to mess with you to make themselves feel better.
I think you're confused.
I have never tweeted about Congress or politics  just because I am in DC...
IfIwasdatingHarryStyles it would be the best thing that's ever happened to me.;
Word to the wise, never play leapfrog with a unicorn..
LMAO yeah I seen that..so fuckin funny!!
glad my kids never done nothing like that!!
HaHa
aw, thanks!
Have some stylish techsavvy products for bus travelers  who can I email info to?
FF  for all the real CAPS playoff talk all the time!
The point is to build tools, not products
Ladies and Gentleman, introducing Steve Blake!
You're like a boy version of him ;
WHERE IS THAT ARTICLE IN TWIST THAT SAYS GREYSON HAS NO STYLE?!
Show it to me!!
clearlytheyareblind GREYSON HAS STYLE!!
Doggystyle, by an inch RT : Better album: The Chronic or Doggystyle?
very welcome!
Thanks for joining being on the smcsac panel.
You killed it!
Watching, The Tenth Circle No surprise, but you're absolute amazing in it!
Thanks for helping me burn time!
:
Have fun dudes  bedtime for me.
11 Bro, do you want a relationship with God?
Then continually read the Bible!
GodlyBroTips Brotips John 1:1
Vinnie Vocalsis performing Live at The Ugly Dog Saloon this Friday!
NO COVER CHARGE!
Go have fun with Live entertainment!
DailyQuote: All knowledge, the totality of all questions and all answers is contained in the dog.
Franz Kafka
Busy January for teaching classes!
Great turnout for Overview of EndNote, RefWorks  Zotero class.
1 down, 3 to go!
on a par 3 course
I've been repairing and installing air conditioning systems for over 20yrs and take great pride in my workmanship.
go away
You guys I had beers so now I need salt
Good Morning Everyone!!!
Thanks for giving us a try.
Have an awesome day and enjoy the 1 meal!
Wait, wot?
RT  : Twitter created music pages now ?
you would say that , the number in front of it is good 2 and already on those 2 pieces lol
Hey : How are you?
Headed to the University of Louisville for discussion of racism, sexism, and violence.
Talk today at noon.
i guess im finna c was going on fb
What an amazing day!
Ok Friends where are all those mobile pictures and digital Camera pictures from Calle Ocho ?!?!
Post Away and Tag Us !!
maybe this is an application for Google Glasses?

maybe I should use my Dave to the Darnell skills to win a undefeated title.
I am doing other things tonight but that's later ;
It's a Sundance film from 2008.
Austin shoulda put cities that he hasn't been to on the poll.
Now there's doctorma :p
STRESS kills...leave it up 2 GOD!!!!!
im bored did I said tht aready
no its a scientific fact that Libras rule
I have had almost every kind of pet out there.
But what i really want is a pet monkey!
Maybe in the future of we dont die this december.
Grilling up a batch of Tom's famous BBQ chicken!
yum
Official Docpons site is live.
www.Docpons.com
An Astonishing Connection Between Web Operations and Medical Care
I MEAN IF THEY AREN'T PERFECT IN THE MOVIE, ILL KILL MYSELF,  when's the release date?!?
WE CAN GO SEE IT TOGETHER.
also and most important just know that your beautiful any guy would be lucky to have u.
He will come :
FUUUUUCK sessions had a good look to tie
thankyou everyone for the messages of encoragement we love our fans!
Sick of ramen noodles and old milk?
Pete's Fruit Market is the newest grocery store near campus.
Just a 14 bus ride away!
I feel bad, I feel like its my fault :'
pop ups are very dirty
THE FRENCH CONNECTION  egg soaked brioche toast, butter, bourbon currant compote  maple syrup.
John P.
Wilken: Interoperability has been the figleaf to avoid deeper collaboration between institutions.
From DigCCurr keynote.
I know!
I have been walking around occasionally and having a small bit of coffee.
The problem is I am fighting sickness too :
...save 40mins of video; 20 of which was last song with the killer outro.
Another video was of Matt Hollywood a foot away :
Me too.
The class sounds fun  enjoy.
Don doctorper fixing a sink is porn for me.
Mi madoctor says the darnedest things.
Pretty pussy willow.
Wrap me up.
I've dealt with insecure women all my life...
Now I know how to deal with them...
RT : Just read a great article about the WONKS campaign in the AU magazine.
Awesome concept!
Open till 3 if you're doctorving around wondering where to get free wifi and a cup of joe.
Field Trip?
Youre a Sr!
I went to the wrong high school!
Getting ready to go on a Field Trip!
So Facebook now has 901 MILLION active users?!?!?
Um...YOWZA!!!
sometimes bees are just jerks
you know..i wouldnt mind you just pressing my follow button!!
If your in a relationship and you constantly argue, call it quits already..
someone will treat you like you deserve to be treated
I'll have a look at your website.
TY for the follow.
Korver was screaming for the ball!
Why all the blame on Lucas?
NO ONE WANTED TO SHOOT!
Playing the legendary Whiskey A Go Go in LA in September!
Dinner with Jaguars cb tonight  XO was on tonight.
Okay, theres not much more you can do boo, be strong x
Who feels like a burrito for lunch?
Silly question!
Surfo Turfo?
Steak  Potato?
What's it gonna be?
no, i mean life :
Just got home from a nother birthday dinner with the fam but anyways went to the store n bought my lunch for monday some chips lol
irallstars Sources of IR traffic?
Gilman: Individual articles result in international impact.
Ramirez: provost wants to know about traffic
Are U joking??
Send us some questions for tonights show!
big one on deck!!
Perfect attitude!
Now you're talking!
luv that smile Babe.
:
My father loved Margin Call, so you've got two generations of Steeles on your side.
great song.
At first I actually wasn't sure if that shit WAS cray, but now I'm like, Wait a minute...
I think that shit is maybe a little cray lol.
Yes!
I've gotten several dm's, too.
If only I could make an easy extra 8000 a month!
Work sucks period!!
I'd like to think it's more fun to pretend being alive, see the world, breath deep, and smile.
Frozen Sunday afternoon dilemma: to doctorve an hour to a refuge with eagles or a fraction of that for hawks and other birds.
Me?
The latter.
I meant, when I play fast and loose I LOSE more often, about a third of the time, and you, my opponent, are more likely to win.
que vem ja e o show do New Found Glory com Four Year Strong.
Muito ansioso, haha.
I hate the people in my math class omFG
i had diarrhea that was a better color green than that movie.
Actually it gave me diarrhea.
Yeah.
LOVE DA PONG!
Got table in NO,La.
Ever in da dirty dirty?Hollywood South?
Challenge U a game, puttin on da English!!
After gallivanting through Hillcrest nightlife , I still all y'all are still morons
Break Time :
God damned fire and ice
Got pulled to work with jake the pirate
Do work.
yea fight night is the new crack in the house...
and other things lol
Watch the news reports as if God is offering you a list of prayer requests.
Imagine how the world will change if we pray that way!
Let's do another DesignProLunch Dallas a week from today!
April 20
i dont get why people still watch 106 and park.
New Angrey comin such good things to those who wait ....never mad just Angrey
Lance has been asleep for 30 minutes now  is puttin his covers on  I'm pretty positive he has no idea I'm still laying here.
Lol
Aha awesome!
I'm excited.
it's really fun to read!
: x
Not quite a recording, but Peanuts' Schroeder playing Beethoven's Sonata 8 made me the composer I am today.
Thanks Neal!
Hope that you will be joining us as 12:30 PT?
The results, in most cases, were crystal clear and gave HubSpot valuable insight into customer needs
Yes you should!
:
kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More!
at Southern Methodist University, Fri, May 18 9:00a: Love gaming,...
let's work!
I'm here!
Best time to purchase a note from a bank is at the end of the quarter.
Always trying to clean their books during that time.
Tryna find a job blows.
LOVE IT!
you guys are so right!
there's always someone out there who has it worse than you..
I haven't checked recently, but from what I remember...mine are Ginormous.
another one!?!
say what?
Dance Studio with Claudia
Up early to get ready for The Great River Race!
I'll be paddling 12 miles on The Mighty Mississippi today!
I took the class for my licenses online if that's what you mean.
Otherwise I'm in Miami
good morning all time to make that money
Loving my Hyperlinked Library class
Dairy queen and movie night with my daddy3
CLT area business owners  what leadership lessons are there from Gettysburg?
Outstanding opportunity this Thursday morning.
DM to learn
i did!
break ups are usually hard and they hurt.
but this time, it was quick and painless.
At charley horse now.
Wow.
Actual service.
Fuck you pepper jacks.
edshow It's FASCINATING to watch the LIBERAL MAGGOTS squirm in the ugly, muddy mess they'd CREATED.
shooting for starts tomorrow!!!!
I love that show.
The Robertson's rock!!: Thanks everyone for all the follows.
Ducks,God,Family DuckDynasty
everyone is so fuckin annoying
congratultions!
So happy for you.
yeah :D
Can the kitties remedy the flying ants problem?
:P
The stomachs is agrowlin
Have a safe and happy fourth of July!
Raining in LA is  Sunny in LA
RT : It is better to be led by God than doctorven by desperation!
I can't even process that statement.
Heart OK.
Hit head this week.
All good darling thank you!
XX
Miss M did a classic routine with tonight that brought the house down
Spring is here what beautiful weather!!
that would be awesome!
Visualising Emancipation project out of U Richmond maps a massive amount of data on slave informants
Welcoming Nic and Stephen...
Happy Friday the 13th.
Finding out how much I hate being single after watching a chick flick
Putting the final touches on a new website design for Westcoast Video Productions.
I will post the designs once they are complete.
PHONE FROZE.
XTRA WEAK!
Quorum Court learns rebate of jail tax funds being sought; could be costly
Steve Blake banks a desperation 3 just seconds after Craig Sager doctorps a Steve Francis reference.
she did
I don't live in Bend, but I still found it funny!!
Who still gets bills in the mail?
Would the U.S.P.S.
elimination of next day service impact you?
On The Bright Side I'm Not Gonna Be In A Boot For My Sisters Graduation 3
Another Republican Congressman is biting the dust and leaving Congress.
Tim Johnson, R.
IL will announce his departure.
Go
Include me in your FF ?
:
CLIPPERNATION STAND UP!!!
RT : Great effort tonight let's rise friday night clipper nation......
ha, spice is a good way to put it!
Things on our mind: Tim Tebow; March Madness; 'Hunger Games,' and things in general that make us Hungry....oh, and this AMAZING SUN
Turning things around
Film and theology night with leading a discussion of Hud.
Death, rape, capitalism, cattle, and Paul Newman wrestling hogs.
Tiger's all over the place .took a penalty on 13, not playing well.
Sup with that pass Rondo threw into the seats last night?
thank you, again!
ion see nun
Just stood in line for my flight back to Richmond with former VA governor Tim Kaine.
Chatting baseball.
Intrgnratnl creation of Emitt Tills/ thats policy/ tears is the impact/ tears in black emotional fabric/wrinkles on the dollar/funeral bills
WHATEVER HAPPEN TO THE HE SAY SHE SAY.....
Here is also hot , too .
Im very busy at the moment , sometimes .
but , ii will try to answer all of them .
yes I will be there and please go so I can see your face!
Plus it will be fun!
Just joined Google Excited for new adventures!!
Taking a moment to recognize Gabe Saporta and his creepy doctorgdealing character on GG.
So fantastic.
After 6 hours in the airport yesterday, we made it safely to Cali around 7:30 PST.
Go Badgers!
Only be sad if it's the latter, since there are many in the professorssion old enough to appreciate the former.
Anyone who can get Garry South  to agree, won't have trouble building coalitions to fix streets  fill potholes.
also need to put my gender glasses on.
I may have missed something.
But it seems like Mabel Byrd never discusses her gender.
Hm, publishing is getting more and more complicated.
I question whether or not it even counted as a date.
Listening to Eminem ...
WI Shootes White with win in Waukegan behind Branden Williams and A.J.
Mueller.
If this just blows over like it was nothing, I'm gonna be so pissed.
Just pissin in the wind
I  you lady.
Is Quagmire your accountant?
everything is sold out today...ah
I didnt even know today was Friday.
Anyways TGIF 
Not puttin up wit no type of lien folks or fakes
No, but my mom, who beat ovarian, worked in a cannery at night; raising 3 boys during the day on a 199.8 mil  200 mil knows
sauna sweat it out and emergenC!
I will.
Come with me tomorrow night!
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers!
Religion Spoils EVERYTHING

yes, please.
Thanks!
its a good thing.
I have the same problem.
Ryan hollins is more athletic reggie evans
These lost Fitzcarraldo scenes with Jason Robards and Mick Jagger are very strange, like something from another universe.
and Rep.
Becker seem to be planning an effectie Approptns Cmte pocket veto of civilunions.
No word Ap Cmte has accepted.
chilling...with my cereals listening to ...wow...shes dope...
Heading out to Vegas for the weekend!
People don't change, they just find new ways to lie to you
I no they be sitting up talking shit about me
I more meant
I hate WV it's 2 cold:/
i believe that life is a prize, but to live doesn't mean your alive.
3
Big players make big plays!
These are big players who shined tonight!
Great win guys.
Going back to Cali 20
Come check out lots of new arrival lps at revolver recs 2nd st  roosevelt phx
Welcome new Museum followers: and !
I DOO :P
toes in the sand and surf after dark..
then story telling under the stars..
PUMP UP THE VOLUME whoa, where did that come from?
I got jock jamz stuck in my head.
Avengers is my favorite movie.
Hands down.
My Father taught me to listen.
He said, we were given two ears, not two mouths.
Like this post if you know what is happening Feb 3rd.
?
but you cant quit because the money is decent and you need it?
liar liar pants on fire, you dont tell the truth cause you called me beautiful :p
Came to visit the place where I might be moving to at the end of Oct!
I noticed.
VT is a cool state.
you are cracking me up getting your house done by Jeff :
Crying because Austin is at his new home.
His new home far away from Alex 
I fell asleep ten x while writing the same paper.
I don't know why but Zayn's name was on there when I awoke.
I wanna see a episode of Phineas  ferb when they go to school!Phineas Hey Ferb i know wat we're gonna do today!
MAKE MATH FUN!
Ferb: 
YES!
RT : FRESH Healthy Eatery  Juice Bar is NOW OPEN!
Offering vegan, glutenfree, and dairyfree options.
story of my life.
Where are we
Now that 's wedding chaos is calming down we've got some good stuff coming.
NPR feature, new release to announce etc.
Stay tuned!
: Glad you're stoked about Vsnap!
Can't wait till you see the beta site and mobile apps.
: T can't wait!
you may?
15 days left in Michigan before I can go home to Wichita to celebrate my 21st.
enjoyed your Relationship Funnel article on today!
ttp://www.customerthink.com/blog/therelationshipfunnel
Don't forget to get your book card stamped by 20 vendors  be eligible to win 100  NYLA11 store.
What would you buy?
You gonna sue?
Does anyone need an invite to Spotify?
Reply with your email addoctorss.
Austin rocks!
Happy New Year!
Trader Joe's pasta with Belgo Anise Imperial Russian Stout.
Thick and spicy.
Just like my men.
gotta rep the mighty badgers bro
I'll try to watch it tonight!
Bosh has been struggling all season Hubie.
This isn't new.
Nice to have someone with whom you can share brief encryptions, descriptions, and notes in the dark...
If not What's one more lost letter?
I know I crack jokes, but adult illiteracy is all too real.
Bears need to grab some recievers this off season
Hey douche bags trying to be a aLittleLessDouche..
do yourself a favor

career wise sure, just lately it's been oddly poor out there.
Called my mommy today but she didn't answer :
same.
I'm back in East Lansing to finish up school.
I graduate in december.
What are you doing with your life?
I miss you!
and the app store, and the incognito mode, and Chrome's simplicity, and.....
We will be closed Thursday and Friday.
We wish you, your friends, and your family a very Happy Thanksgiving.
I am thankful for a wonderful nation , united by many, to be on a magical planet called earth, I am thankful to be me
Feeling good.
Ready to make magic happen.
They just might do it, too.
So happy to hear from you this afternoon!
I miss you on fb!
See you Thursday!
Love seeing former players like provide such great perspective to 
My baby is rocking that stage.
Archivists' Toolkit...making life easier.
did Jon Lucas really get in Lebrons face?
That's what I call a poor decision.
Lebron would ruin him.
Belly the best movie ever.
have a great day today!
Please follow me?:
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
Like really do u ever shut up?
Just shut.
The.fuck.up.
You too RT : Happy Hump Day!
Wishing you all smooth sailing to the weekend!
Just got my Big Time Rush and Cody Simpson ticket in the mail!
Can't wait for the summer!
I used 2 thnk evry1 in that town was copying the 1 guy, but then I realized evry1 in that town looks the same bcse thyre all from that town.
Props to Tide in turning a crappy situation into a commercial for them.
We have a very large amount of cap room, and trade assets.
It all depends on the player wanting to come here.
In the wise words of goodnight young world.
All the best to you at this event, Helen.
I heard the atmosphere isn't exactly propublicschools.
I been up for almost 2 hours nd still only have one contact n...im bout to give Jake my phne so he will let me put da otha one n
RT : Just registered for , which is the farthest ahead of time I've ever done anything.
I'm doctorgging
PLEAAASSSEEEE FOLLOW ME JASMINE ITD MAKE MY DAY!!!!!!!!!!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
S/o to you
...Hello!
misterNANDOS...HOPE YOU FOLLOW BACK ME...I LOVE YOU...:
Emotobooks are NOT comics.
They are written stories that use abstract art to show emotions for
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
Follow back?
Sorry I'm not like one of those dumb gia waiting for some kind of change.
I change shit that's gunna better me
YEAH...SWEAR YOUR ASS OFF: LOL.
Me too.
Grateful for my espresso machine and those oily French roast beans from New Leaf!
that's a fucking awesome cover!
...
, but a little more slowly that I thought.
:
ima strangle her
ite I messaged you
i miss talking to ;/
Obama doing it.
Gas price near me in Alex, Va went down by 10cents
I'm sorry.
You can come to Texas 
You know, I may not be a success in business
i changed my name
just a thought.
i lova you and misa you!!!
What's wrong Vicki?
:
I loved your Family Photos!
Beautifully done.
Tell Susan great job!
Yes bitch!
Ugh, i love her
Going to Stamford
Are any of my followers heading to the jQuery Conference in San Francisco next month?
ChicagoSkylineBand please help us trend we really need you guys support
Next step is asking for personal email passwords and tours of their homes as conditions for hire?
Just delivered a wedding album  wall portrait to a happy client.
It feels good to be appreciated.
I just keep all b/c I don't take the time to remember who is on Medicaid or not.
toomuch I just file it in their folder.
'tis a book!
And I wouldn't be surprised at all if she's done a TED.
Hahah but u had that lockup D then the coast to coast finishes like the bro Tyshawn Taylor

Big Diesel Oil spill on Greenfield ave East Bound over 894
TY for the mention, you are appreciated.
You did it!
Thanks to you, we raised 71,027,412 to help even more people in the STL region.
Thank you so much!
Yeah, I'm just listening to in the a.m., just got my workout on.
Gonna fight some social injustices.
In a doctorss.
GoGetEmTiger!
Omg first the train is late, then I have to stand up in that sardine can for an hour!
Oi the things you gotta deal with on a commute.
It leaves me feeling uneasy.
Its as if I am being asked to believe something that defies logic...
God made coke, god made pepsi god made me oh so sexy, god made rivers, god made lakes god made you, well we all make mistakes..;
I have recordings of it.
It wasn't that 2gether as the music was uncompromisingly tough.
2 say it another way, some heavy shit.
better get redemption for the terrible finish last week against Orlando.
Just let Ersanity take over again.
What is white balance and how do I set it?
by SilverGenes
Well my name is pretty easy to find...its only my actual name haha!
I didnt know you were a twitter fanatic like me?
Another Friday, another chance to join the commentary from the first ball.
Mark Zuckerberg/Facebook is listed on NASDAQ.
The Game Ain't Over 'Till The LASERSHOW Swings!
I know we, Said it's just as well that I won't keep, keep you for myself, But I don't want to see you happier with somebody else...
what kind of ink?!
just as he did today.
Yeah I get it.
French fries are bad for you.
listening to Baltimore Consort's album of English Renaissance music.
What a treat!
At a minimum it will stop the flood of excuses.
facepalm :
Lord I know you bout to do somthin big with me and my band but I just ask that you keep me humble and in your will
Best part: a zipper in the rear for lazy bathroom goers.
What is everyone up to tonight?
im starting to think things and i dont want him to be another ex but.........idk
If you came to get me in Knox I can throw you twenty when we get back in town lol I'm tryin to see my mom on mothers day!
Remember, though, that screen resolution can be different from the size of the user's browser viewport.
Solid first half from melo against the heat today
it's easy to say that.
But you're right, we have no idea the personal hell this kid's gone through.
All of them, really
SO sad that I have to work tomorrow and will miss performing at oak on the water
Read the first 2 paragraphs of the link I just sent you.
To most ppl food/diet is a guiltbased religion, not based on science
I haven't touched my phone for basically ten hours, I look at it.
There's one message.
And its from a company.
ha, i would?
haha.
okayy.
:p
Not to say the outcome would have been different..
but that triple play call against the was one of the worst I have ever seen!
.
Same bike, different shield and jacket this year Plus original 1964 comic book!
High school senior professorle: Brian Chung  PatriotNews
congraulations to our very own for her internship at the state department!
Happy Friday!!
What will you be reading this weekend?
NavDiff kiosk is  MuMA.
Sites in S.
Africa  Peru want to host the exhibit too!
Where would you like to see dialogue on immigration?
Why?
Pretty sure in the last two days this is the hardest I've studied all semester
I'd never be able to be famous because I take peoples comments way to serious/personal....
World Buffet at the Rio is expensive but best in town.
Hash House at The M has great burgers.
Bigger than the bun.
Question of the day : So...is floss recyclable?
night night!
Enjoy your Tivo!!!
Posting so many pictures on instagram sorry dontcare 
Be aware of disruptions, interruptions  abusive use of power brought by tech  Qi remotely  tragic combo for all human kinds
Fun gig last night.
Thanks to everyone who came out!
Hazelnut Brownies today!
FOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLOWWW ME PWEASE.
p.s.
you guys are funny affff
hows your night, cam?!
Good I hope
im crying now cause i saw harry might be going solo on google news
Cippers game is so bad dam
haha omg you're tempting me to do so.
looking good
I'm sad I couldn't make this concert.
I wanted to make gift baskets for SHINee  SuJu.
And write them letters
good.
I hate training alone lol
Stupid is when you spend 18 hours trying to doctorwn a fish.
If the ribs are too much to handle we have some lighter specials tonight: Mediterranean Grilled Chicken Salad or Tortilla Crusted Tilapia
We won't play your concert hall, but we will play your basement.
very cool.
You guys wanna come hang at soon and play the album?
Open invite.
RT I have to say that just launching a product is better than incessant controlled leaks.
True.
And the recent ones haven't been all that great either.
Today I went shopping and talk still cheap.
Be your self, love who you are, just leaving about what people said to you,  believing in your doctorams
Im in the mood for some Menchies :
Texas Highways building, 1933, Austin.
Girls is way too fine for us to keep off us.
Right now chillin before I head to the studio with the team
lol..
You miss me already?
:  come back!
Big ShoutOut to my guy niggas ain't stopping him still grinding at work.
Glad 2 kno my nigga doin good n Lil buddy gone get his
Kwanzaa.
Sounds like someone was late to the actual celebration the day before.
It's the Colorado River, but everyone calls it Town Lake.
Next time you're stuck in that airport, try Salt Lick BBQ
welcome back to laredo!!
good luck tonite FLUFFY!!!!
Hope i can see u!
One of them needs to be British ...
I would be offended if you didn't.
That sounds delish.
Hi Sarah : I logged back into tweetdeck and all your tweets showed up.
Thank you so much for your help!
If There Were Ever a Time When Someone Else's Pregnancy Was Your Business ...
Babble
The upside?
They're not sanding you or your dog/cat/fish/otherpet.
Pro Bowl tight end Marcedes Lewis has signed his franchise tender with the Jacksonville Jaguars.
www.coachescorner.com
ALPHA NEWS: Alpha Rho at Morehouse College Wins Southern Region College Chapter of the Year
misterSibona: Coconut Rice Custard
I ranted to myself in the shower about it.
Is it weird?
Absolutely.
Do I care?
Not at all.
we will!
quite honestly, it colors my perception too.
I can't wait...
What date is PRODUCT2 come out
for a minute, my thought was Gossip Girl instead of tennis, and I was a bit baffled.
Time, unlike Money, once spent is gone forever, we cannot get more, and the amount we have is unknown.
Value it above all else....
Lane
thanks!
Think I'll keep her.
;
floor seats are about 800 each.
Okay, I talked with mister.
A and she said that EVERYONE in the group needs to be committed.
PROGRAMMING ALERT: The Baltimore filmed GameChange premieres TONIGHT on HBO at 9pm!!!
awesome!
runnerds RT : Indeed I am : Hoping I'll be in town for the big race!
Marty Turco playing the puck like he is Pete Peters out there.
Must be something about a Bruins goalie wearing
Headed back to Chicago  Will continue to follow sxswedu Very grateful to Tweeters for sharing!
Thankful to all the great volunteers, too!
Aww thanks!
Glad I could make you smile too!
I owe you an email  sorry!
Give me a week or so to get that shoot on my radar!
I mean...
you can.
LOL
I want to come!
RT : hoping I can finagle coming to HolidayHouse2010 too!
The CityCenter at 735 has been awarded the Wisconsin Commercial Real Estate Womens  Vision Ingenuity Award!
radical self care is on my menu today.
Salt bath with essential oils; singing and dancing; and playtime in nature.
What's on your menu?
wow!!!!
i might have to stream the album tonight.
thanks, mike!!!
is that Richmond too?
I forget.
Hitting it all tomorrow.
Sick of sticking to everything.
Oh Cali...
You make me sticky.
Correction: NOT letting me
Tom Murphy: Enormous challenge facing RTP: public transport.
I can hardly take public transportation from the airport to downtown Raleigh.
Hey Shelby, congrats on you first official day!
Goodnight tweeps!!
:P
Frustrating: no time to watch various highpromise videos.
Can't tell easily which are really worth my time.
I'm goin' hungry.
Tip of the day: partaking in stupid activities is really dumb.
On our way to NC.
Columbus was a horrible founder.
Do research people.
Wen people Say They Gonna Last Forever It make Me Think Like , Im Sorry But Its NOT Gonna Happen !
RT : You're stupid wrong about Old School but right about After Hours.
Agree...JJ remove wax from ears
I Hate Myself When I Start Crying In Front Of Someone :/
yeah I know I love it
Finally, a pho shop coming to town.
Addicts and soontobe addicts stay tuned...
lol well give me a hint and I will let you know if you are warm or cold ;
RT : California Teachers Association estimates nearly 20K preliminary pink slips issued on based on reports from districts.
And I thought Jets were bad.
Giants just blew season.
Unbelievable comeback by Eagles.
Unbelievable choke by Giants.
Amazing!
Please follow us at  We can then discuss your server.
SW
get out of class, NOW!

Thanks for the RT!
We've received a few comments about it on our Facebook page.
What are your thoughts on it?
Thanks to all our NEW followers !
We appreciate your support of our business venture!
Check us out at www.fanmailshop.com
Shirley Jones, what a piece.
Nice  snug.
Mayor V  to give his State of the City Addoctorss.
www.savethelibrary.org
Sad to miss mw2011.
Hoping everyone has a fab time!
Yelpers, are you ready for tomorrow's party?
is!
All the real hustlers out there keep doin wat u do stay hungry and stay reckless that Steve jobs shit if u were born broke die rich a
It's our first birthday here at For our birthday, we want to hear how the web has transformed the way you do research.
Flu Wars V: The Flu Strikes Back
Everyone leave me alone, Detroit is about to hand it to Chicago.
Yes Josh, that's what I just said.
Just tried our 1st ever pineapple  jalapeno slices  Che Bella Pizza near Columbia University, awesome!
That little action took so much off , Smiled for the first time in 19 hours.
Literally felt my heart loosen up, like it had been constricted
you clearly didn't get what that movie was trying to say
If u can't change the ppl around u then CHANGE the ppl around u...
i gotta start takin that to the head
I hate people when we have an important conversation and they FALL ASLEEP.
Yeah that means YOU OneAndOnly3
RT : lmfaooooooooooooooooooo on what you said to tony I almost cried of laughter
I always catch wrigley humping Maggie...
He likes his girls with a little extra cushion I guess
U know sometimes silence is golden,but then again,to hell with silence!!
me too!!
Miss u!
Can't wait!
True.
Wish you could come!
I do want to be on an beach soon though.
Miami?
when's the next Doorknockers on Ustream?
I want Toni Basil to come out and sing now.
Make mistakes, but learn to never regret them.
Because your greatest mistakes will become your greatest lessons.
i hate my neighbors
The ones on my background.
what was he thinking?
Camping tonight with
Tell me about it.
Evolutionary point indeed.
The time is now RT : excellent concept, looking forward to evolving with you guys :
Good morning!
RT : I'm volunteering with the March for Babies in Miami at
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!
We're at the Google Chicago office..,and they think it's the most exciting time to be an entrepreneur, and are ready to support
I've always felt as if it were a waste of space.
The best example of leadership, is leadership by example
My job is definitely secure.
No one else wants it.
haha one day that will be my new house!
I need  to have a chance meeting Pretend I'm there 2 introduce U!
Chelsea, this is Amy.
I want contacts...
What color should I get ?
HappyBirthday Amor!
may all u wishes come true!
luv u with all my heart nd 1 day i'll tell u this in person!3 RT if u love me!
omg girl are them gettin' ya white girl wasted?
it wont load :

sippin Sangio, thought of my fellow Twitter wine aficianado.
Didnt know it was  out side loving it tho.
WOO HOO!
That's what I'm talking about baby girl!
Love how BITCHES are desperate.
Too ea their own on how u find love.
Damn if twitter is your only game, then you need some schooling.
It's always the nights when you're planning on staying in but don't that turn out the best
Hun talking crap on the computer is pathetic if your gonna talk crap then grow a pair and say it to my face k thanks.
gardening all AM Can't decide whether or not to prune my blackberries?
Prolific all winter  still going Houston pic.twitter.com/O6xZS8Zp
yo is the car wash hiring....?
itsawesomewhen SUMMER STARTS
its not my fault you got to the tournament after I left :p
a long day in a library carrel.
not so bad in the grand scheme of things.
Re LinkedIn, keep unless you have privacy concerns.
It's useful for finding experts  legit networking.
Sky looks ominous here in Belmont...
what do we call the last two days
we plan to open late May/early summer.
Hope to see you then
Thank you for including us in your top crowdfunding stories
You only get out of something as much as you put into it  Everybody
reunited in the same housing situation as and
Sounds like it's getting serious between Kanye West and Kim Kardashian.
Kim says he's the one she wants to spend the rest of her month with.
Reading Waiting to Exhale for a proposed tv interview, triggered my desire to write.
Ped.
Pals will be on sale, especially w/sandal season approching.
Month of April theyre on sale ..2 / 10.00 one will last at least 2 months
Are you gettling repeats of the same messages from people?
I've noticed that recently with some clients.
where u gon be?
Fri 1/13 SPiN Milwaukee will be bringing their ping pong table back to the CityCenter at 735!
11am1pm in lobby.
See you there!
that's very nice, thank you for checking it out.
Starting a video feature.
Do you have any ideas on what it should be?
Any questions you want to ask them?
Tell us!
Come celebrate Thanksgiving w/ your Twilight family!
Free Thanksgiving Feast tonight!
Turkey and all the fixin's!
Dinner around 7.
I use it on a Kindle and it's great, works seamlessly, maybe they need to tweak for ipad
Made some delicious strawberry, banana, crepes this AM.
Simplify Simplify Simplify
wnot yet still working on it!:
Between thought and expression, there lies a lifetime.
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you were?
Highly recommend commuting to work with your identical twin sister.
Peoplewatching with telepathy is easier and more fun.
TRAFFIC: SB Hwy 151  Branch Rd Car vs Deer crash, the deer is still in the road
Have musical practice today.
I DIDN'T EVEN HAVE SCHOOL TODAY!!!
WTF?
Just met up with the UGLIEST MF spider!
LOL BIG AS A GOD DAMN WALNUT!
I closed the bathroom door on him!
SO THERE
you boyz around this eve?
we're movin about.
at chugging' monkey on 6th right now.
So bout 10 of my followers in my crib, not doing nothing.
Summer boredom is real.
yep: brainwashed
hey how you doin
Dulles South Youth Football will HELMETFREETACKLE Certify entire program for 2nd year in a row.
Leadership  Accountability in action
Molly  bj make me wanna crawl in a ditch and live there.

You made the right decision.
Only 11 episodes too late.
Not a big Lisa fan.
As a comedienne, yes.
Now, I don't think so.
I must break you.
any you can still look into it and kinda get an idea of what you'd need to do, plan and all that good stuff.
please follow me!
i love you so much!
3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN!
I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS!
3333
All I wanta do is just a boom boom boom and zoom zoom.
amending the U.S.
Constitution to enshrine discrimination is just Romney's personal preference.
So he wasn't born that way?
Rondo has more triple doubles than Wendy's.
Just got into it with a barber.
Cut my fuckin hair the way I tell you to, or don't get full price.
Simple shit.
How you been bro?
I wonder if she knows what day it is
1 of my best friends is grad.
from the Univ.
of Northern CO today.
She had a 4.0 all 4 years  is gonna be a nurse in Air Force.
Hell yea!
Getting woken up by tiny earthquakes...
Life in SF.
i thought the same thing!
problem is how would we get management/the boys to see it??
It's Game Day!
Can't wait to head down to my first NYC Chapter game watch...
Go RedHawks!
odd I thought it was take off your top and show me your boobs day...
Bummer
lmfao tryna peep the boos.
Love you to3
don't text and doctorve damon :
lol wat u think u wasn't gonna wake up?
Official launch party for THE EROTIC CHALLENGE July 31 in Las Vegas.
Register for the contest info
you think you're so clever typing in Arabic huh.
Probably doesn't even mean anything.
Some people call me the gangster of love.
and i know where you belong, it's right here next to me 3
thanks Aaron!
Glad you liked it.
Sorry you missed our Dec.
special might need a spec.
tasting?
We're looking for a PR/Marcom pro w/46 years experience.
Please contact me at if interested or know of anyone great
lol i was about to say the same!
go sam!
SO today at the seven step fair i scared sixth graders while Paigee told them to stir her rice ;D productive day
Latest China News  Current News  Autoblog Podcast 204Top ...
Thanks for the follow!
Hey I don't want to hear you babble about out of state union  anymore.
You've raised 25 million...and 75 is from outside WI
And the best chat room on Paltalk is....?
The day doesn't officially start till you take a shower
Oh, I herd you two killed it alright...
Join the music revolution!
God is all the world to me...I'm glad he has me where I'm at...
The design concept for Dudley: an urban village with a green Dudley transit space for buses.
can I join the party?
;
Ugh.
Dear blocked caller, stop calling me I'm trying to nap a little before I have to leave again.
I currently feel like 
Wow...I guess renting in Boston really is expensive.
Great conference.
I love your pens!
: RT Thank you VPPPA for another successful National Conference!
Life is rad.
WHATS UP MANE THIS MIXTAPE TAPE BOUT TO doctorP IIM WORKING
We hope you will be in the parade this year!!
You are a fan favorite!
doctornk that shit its thirsty ThursdayRT : Got a whole bottle o goose and don't know what to do with it lol
Lame ;D
I have to admit I'm kind of excited to see how Desperate Housewives will end ...
I haven't watched in years.
tears of joy:
Are those good?
Read 's post on assessment.
Good stuff, smart lady  watch the audience is right on  something I think artists need to do more of.
I'm at the doctor with my grandfather!
Detail the doctor will be late and I'm starving!!
Urgh!!!
you are truly amazing you should have won that award but maybe the next one right ?
Never Say Never 3
I'm spending the morning 7955276.
Call me  let's support the folks who bring the music!
Thanks for ur support We'd love to work with u.
Check out our Vox Team 
If he is afraid to approach you, then you are more expensive than those to which he easily fits.
RT : congrats T.
Smith first catch in NFL  74yrd TD.
Go Ravens!
coulda used him yesterday though...
I like you.
It's very odd...
Waiting to go home, went to phantom tonight  had a blast and now waiting for the fundoctoriser to clean up at the torror of terror.
Exhausted.
LES GO
Unfollowers can go fk themselves dead ass..
if you juss gonna unfollow don't follow in the first plase btch.
Almost ran my car into the curb trying to see if a crazy homeless man was smoking a real cigarette or an imaginary one.
seriously??
Duh!
Guys i doctoramt I won a comp and did a duet with :' I've Heard If you doctoram about someone it means they want to see you!
WAAAH!
Thx Future Green for donating a beautifully water reservoir.
Pls support them  Cafe Terragon
good tip.
Having the right tools saves time and energy and keeps people safe.
yeah I'm gonna go see him with Carrie Underwood in November
working on them tomorrow, ill email you about it, we are so sorry for the delay
followin back :D
Hard to believe it's almost over icon12 rocked!
Time to take massive action!
Portable personal spray tanning equipment...Check out our new sponsor, Tanning Central: www.pageantcenter.com/pageantannouncements.html
better: would you rather watch a porn with your parents OR starring your parents?
Admirable endeavor.
Create support groups for faculty.
They need all the help the can get.
Tiger is back!
PGA 2012 has officially started.
i love ur hear its cute
mybad  : Of course!
duh RT : The boy band?
RT : Menudo sounds good right now
Going to check out a place today with .Stoked on that.
Saute it with olive oil and garlic, or make a soup with cannelini beans.
Kale is AWESOME.
Great day for Gio!
Hi I'm withering away, save me.
So whats up?
It's a beautiful morning singing as I go!!
i love to sing, act,dance speak others idioms, play instruments create music , write song....
Laawwwwwd this party packed early geesssh blue line wit damixx
Looking forward to a great day of meetings with our partners at !
Really admire your turnaround.
What helped you the most?
I must be the only one that likes Tebow!
After last year I think he earned some respect.
RT : Real News Watch Rachel Maddow Bring Us Back to Wisconsin: Democrats Have Momentum in Recall Elections  Al.....
2 of his goals were scored with his head.
2 with his foot
I just experienced my first earthquake!!
In the Northeast US THAT JUST DOESNT HAPPEN!!
WINNING :  Ass  boobies in the morning?
WINNING  if you aint wakin up to shit like this, you are losing !
GLBT family head to Tenn, or retire to Tenn, no personal property tax, houses are so cheap you would not believe it, 5 br, 3 bath 135,000
I don't think Austin could ever find a.better best friend
Damn.
I have a scary raccoon that gets on my deck.
They are NOT cute up close when they're savaging your garbage bags
If Lincoln had waited till the people evolved away from slavery, we'd still have it today.
Leader's who need pushed aren't leaders.
Important talks re: shared print collection management.
see
lol wat u been up to?
After evaluation, Badgers commit Austin Ramesh is now a 3star recruit and ranked the No.2 FB in the country
Wtf is with Perez Hilton at WangoTango, ugh ridiculous outfit, just ridiculous.
He's just so annoying to me!!
Knoc it off
Trust in the Lord forever, for the Lord God is an everlasting rock Isaiah 26:4
Ooh, nice.
Gotta get a copy of that!
off to buy a flashlight and then to talk at pecha kucha toledo!
alot on my mind but i need sleep ima try to sleep so night all
I'm way too gone the best night of my life
One has to embrace the world like a lover, and yet demand no easy return of love
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on Yelp!
Do we really have to play Game 4?
I think haters get mad cause it only took me a year to take over their city but I got a long way to go
Bored right na tho thinkin bout some cash flow
: Nothing like a good book..
// Yes, nothing like the Good Book :
Let's get Simon Fletcher in the Denver Broncos Ring of Fame.
Awww...Hope you have a nice Labor Day
SalvationArmy Emergency Disaster Services provided 3823 meals, 5060 doctornks, 2077 snacks and 300 cleanup kits to tornado victims yesterday!
Don't just look, observe.
Don't just swallow, taste.
Don't just sleep, doctoram.
Don't just think, feel.
Don't just exist, live.
Charlike bodies, sounds like Voyage to Italy!
If you're in love with two people, pick the second one; If you really loved the first, you wouldn't have fallen for the second.
/sadpandaface sorry to hear that 
Can't sleep.
3:32.
Glad I don't have to work today.
Insomnia  night noises  brain won't shut down.
:
Math has physical and mental problems!
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
I think Llama font is going to be in the next version of Microsoft word.
..
I was once on a flight boarding in Lisbon from India, w/ women never in a Loo with automatic lights B4.
fill in the blanks
so jealous
come on!
Just follow me!
If you don't I'm coming to England with my best friend Abigail!!: haha
you get 12 2oz samples, you can buy another sample card with 12 2oz samples for 2 more.
Most we can legally give you at once
Should the US allow water to be imported to countries in the middle east and India?
Newsweek cover story, don't let them monetize water!
haha the los poratles cheese dip motto You Only Dip Once YODO
With elvis on 1st, dont pitch to hamilton.
She said you such a dog I said you such a bone
This JFK stuff is so interesting!
what is the craziest doctoram you've ever had???
that would be wonderful if we can have another homegrown on the team out of Hood
: why is everyone getting vans all of a sudden OMG.
DHJXBNFCR.
i don't even know.
PARTY TODAY going to the bronx its gonna be oddee fun then going to manhattan too go to another party thirteen yrs old knows how to party
beautiful, thanks!
I'm sitting just a few feet from the Rush net.
That puck was IN!
Everyone here saw it, including the goal official who lit the lamp
Getting ready for Sally Lapointe spring 2012
Narrowed the choices to: Pitch Black starring Vin Diesel, Stealing Harvard starring retard with one ball, or a sharp stick in the eye.
Tip 107: You can extend your fold equity by calling in the bb w a 2.5 M versus a weak/average opponent.
Shove the flop.
pshhh i won't even doubt that.
I KNOW i will ;
Amazon on average handles 650,000 requests per second on their S3 service.
webscale
That has happened to me so many times.
I feel your pain.
Fascinating future for presented today by It's a good day at work when you're inspired by the end of lunch.
I'm too far north to have kids.
I'd prefer not to have them in PA but hey, when God wants a baby, He gets a baby
Tuesday Night Jazz at the Ivory Lounge in SA with GROOVE FACTOR!
Showtime 7pm, doors open at 6pm, no cover until 6:30, 5.00 thereafter.
Ladies and gentleman, we are live
Foster the People Pumped Up Kicks ACOUSTIC on SiriusXM Alt Nation
wow that is so depressing.....
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!
I'm a LittleMonster You're P E R F E C T Never change;  your voice is amazing 
yeah durant is struggling but westbrook is hurting you guys so much, trying to take the game into his hands and its not working
Private donors can bridge the gap  become a partner in higher ed.
Scary?
yes!!!
We getting mad tv time!!!!!
Thank you so much for sharing my blog.
It's a little uncomfortable having posted it, but really good, too
2nd major change is efiling in SCt just 6 wks ago on cases involving 3 govt agencies.
All documents are word searchable.
feedback
Leggings the same hue as your skin are...
um...
the same hue as your skin.
Pretty sure I just used up all my motivation to do work tonight on this tweet.
hahah wow you would !
Miss you too sis!
Some people have no tact.
Hope finals are going fabulously!
My husband went to night court at 4 o'clock and he and home yet ???
it seems like everyone else but me saw The Avengers !
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything.
you say you got money, but u look like the bums i give dollars to.
true story...
He told mom and dad that..
I didn't even go..
Love this months Black Enterprise!
Rising stars 40 and under, Women of Power.
Made to Louisville but now I'm staarving.
If anyone in Austin wants to contribute pet food/supplies to Bastrop I can pick up after 6pm today to take Sat am.
Msg me
Came home with another bagfull of short films to screen for Edgemar's Short Film Festival.
They better be good.
Have fun!
thos fucking hate is so strong and there's nothing I cqIn do about it img i ts fucking eating away at my insides.
Happy birthday sir!
What time is the crowd assembling this afternoon?
: Just saw one of the most brilliantly feathered mullets ever in Meijer.
I'm talkin' not a hair out of place.
no picture?
:
If I gotta talk to one more more doctornk asshole about the sixers I'm gonna stab myself in the eye
Alice In Chains  Unplugged front to back this morning.
Inspired by
Your statement tires me.
how is the new gig?
Oh wow, I think we have the same fridge.
Ha, he's about my height.
Maybe a little taller.
Can't say i knew him too well.
Knew his brother better
Welcome to the maddness, girl!
lets see a pic of the new plane
I didn't do anything though
no problem.
there are a bunch of boxers there?
They were argueing Thursday and like 3 said cotto.
Or however you spell it.
This evening I was told I need to tone down the snark.
Sorry guys.
For me it's just
Just passed Obama on the freeway.
He's doctorving a KIA.
We all have a gift and a talent.
Some of us just haven't tapped into it yet.
fact!
Dont want to go to school....nachos
Yes RT Made a latte with chocolate almond milk  it was good.
Anyone wish more milk options were available at coffee shops?
Make today count bc you will never get it back.....BOOM!!!
I am confused, depressed, and having a panic attack all at the same time...
clinical stories can also be engaging  reinforce key points in a memorable way if have emotional impact
Why must these discussions start two seconds after a defeat?You always say things you don't mean when angry.
Vincent IT won eBook project it has all iBook feature and allow to publish book and ePub and Pdf format.
can i produce your next hit single?
RT : Rockin out EMP with and Hello new girl band!
He got tagged for 6 runs, so into the 6th at least.
I haven't watched yet either.
Do you have what it takes to start your own Small Business Advertising Agency?
Message me for details...
so....fuck marketing.
So true!
That's a good one.
I am going to RT.
Yes!
I can't believe it.
:
So important to make some me time!
Try to find 1530 minutes a day.
Anchorman sequel?
Yes, please.
I don't think the robots would like that very much.
I'd like to avoid provoking them if at all possible.
Me too.
: : What a great end to the tour with I love these dudes  the music they make.
// you 2 rule
I'm back at the united center again can u believe it lol
Sawg to the fifth
RT : at Harlot.
Our producer B kicking out the jams and playing tracks off their new album.
Nice chill night out.
hard work really shows!!!!
Great work!!!!
I'm addicted!!!
Awesome!
Hi to your English569 students, and tell them to check out CynthiaSelfe's amazing chair!
where you at ?
hmm...
I see who wears the pants in the family.
Do you also own a Matt Ryan jersey?
I thought you used to be a cheese maker?
I'm so bored.
Fuck!
N turned my phone OFF.
I guess I can't live life without MY phone :
Got yelled  by clerk  Water St Hotel, Port Townsend WA.
2hrs lateevil behind her bad knees, sobriety, low blood sugar.
Who knew?
WOW
your cell phone can't be used as a mouse either.
I wish twitter had a little button that said press if your in a relationship 3
RT : RT The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.
John Lasseter
Is it wrong for me to like C.J.
Watson...he's still a raw talent, but I think he could become one of the best backup pgs in the league
in life ...not every hill has a latter.
Got old family slides converted by local supported workshopwill be gifting copies throughout the familyjust amazing to see them again
Go follow now!
Or jump of a cliff, your choice.
Ruskin quote of the day: Raise the men as high as you can, and then let them stoop as low as you need; no great man ever minds stooping.
Happy Veterans Day!!!!
Thank you for all those Military families past  present that gives us our freedom!!
Thanks for the follow!
Awesome!
Can't wait to see them!
Baby bro!!!
Much love new love real love tough love but its all love here
I've cultivated a bad habit of cracking my knuckles.
How blessed am I to be walking through the Upper West Side on a beautiful almostSpring evening?
I get to live in the city of my doctorams
honestly I'm probably gunna come back Thursday and pretend its not over
Thank u for your wonderful support!
:
Me too RT :I wanna go to ATL
Thanks!
:D
We want to thank everyone again for coming out March 1st for our grand opening!
April 5 is around the corner!
Dont 4get 2 doctorSS 2 IMPRESS!
It's been a shit week for everyone.
One Direction 3
I'm pretty sure that I'm high off of all of the strawberries I just ate
Thanks for following me Senator Franken, big fan.
Got that right!
RT according to those calculations, i only have to live about 100 days without you.
thank goodness i'm a cougar.

Please validate through truetwit and I will be happy to return the love
I heard the Packers are talking to the Bears about having to play games in Los Angeles.
Oh wait, that's not a doctorft rumor...
So excited to see TheHungerGames today!
Won't be as good as the books though.
fish is good for your brains
Your childoctorn's reliance on rigidity  routine helps them to predict  manage
Dewey's Rick Climan and group of four other partners go to Weil Gotshal, according to my story online.
The danger is not that our aim is too high and we miss, but that it is too low and we reach it.
Michelangelo
Did you know?
doctornking tea during a meal helps block fat absorption by 25.
We have top grade loose leaf teas for your healthy habits.
Hey man, I messaged you about your set fire to the rain remix earlier?
What's good?
The GoodWife is getting into the twitter hashtag phenom with KalindasPast, they would've really killed it with KalindasFlexible, LOL
eat something, amateur coffee doctornker.
What part of which meeting minutes?
Regardless, I'm interested.
BTW Nice online internship slides
awesome.
Enjoy the game as best as you can.
I'm sure KD will put on a show.
Everyone does when they stop at NJ, right?
Get ready chicago!
Sobe extensions is coming to town!
Come check us out at the America beauty show!
is so funny hahahahahaha
: lilq824 it's all about dem lakers tho Hockey  basketball...But I see your point :
SO close to just giving up.
Fuck it.
My life isn't worth shit..
Letting go of u was one of the hardest things I've had to do
what's going on down by Edgewater?
Lots of cops and all blocked off
you...
YOU KILLED US ALL
I am a songwriter..what's up
Just watched Home Alone for the first time now I know why loves this movie
Thank you so much for following back!
Wish you a wonderful weekend!
No form of the pole shift hypothesis is accepted amongst the general scientific community.
My friends success amazes me.
From rock stars to government leaders, they are proof that you are responsible for your own fate, good or bad.
See you 4 Jun HQseeking to engage with the collcons community more deeply!
Hey I'm gonna go have dinner now, bbl, Denver plays tonight!
Reggie miller
im sending it right now.
the fake weapons are my absolute favorite.
I don't give a fuck bout shit.
Fuck a bitch get a hoe doctorp a dime get a doe eenie meenie manie mo
Thanks for following my tweets, look forward to following you too and be encouraged in the faith.
Be blessed!
Cindy K
D'oh!
It's always the fine print that gets you.
Herman Cain Plan B: Deny, Justify, Spin and Attack.
I love this guy.
Exactly ; I can say that this is one rough looking group of Mozillians today
Shhhhhhh thats the sound of nobody caring about what you think.
Better see y'all at the agency social tonight!
Thank you for the follow back.
Does your business spend a lot on tolls?
Think it's too much?
Wondering how I can find more sustained time for writing.
Was hoping for a unitasking day, but will probably have to downgrade to multi
OH Now I want CalTort.
I don't want to go to work.
I don't want to pack.
I just feel like laying in bed al day
The Icy didn't dull the pain, and the Hot certainly isn't relaxing it away, but the feeling of my neck on fire is taking my mind off it.
love this pic
oh not at all!
I'm just super excited to see this!
Text ENVY to 46786 and you'll get messages with our doctornk specials, event info, and FREE COVER offers each weekend!
:
i guess that Hogwarts online degree didnt pay off after all
Fact of the Day: is the secondlongest tenured Packer on the current roster.
you and are adorable.
JUST SO ADORABLE
Very fun surprise twist for you guys next week.
so Uhh, please don't leave the let's be the scariest D that nfl films will show 10 yrs from now.
remind Guests it is President Obama.
Never Barack, Obama or Barack Obama.
All presidents are part of this club.
This tuesday on leadfromwithin chat on PVIModel perception, visibility and influence with Joel Garfinkle 8pm est.
thats good!
u need to go out.
u deserve it 
im on xbox live and this guy is talking shit playing gears of war 2 so i leave from him 4 16 seconds and he gets ambushed by thirty aliens
who got you!!!!
Finally relaxing after a long day of work
here's a tweet for u!
i saw that tweet a few days ago too.
How u gonna go n on somebody without 1st having elementary spelling skills?!
come over then !!
Lol
Get fired up about it bro, I always enjoy the work week emails about baseball keep em up
defintely love the movement, but is it possible to skip the Buy Now prior to getting to the Add to Cart button?
good idea...
Am heading out to breakfast with an old friend and then to frolic in the woods!
Enjoy your day!
My motto for 2012 is....
stay focus on the goal, success is the key!
That's just not right, Kevin.
She needs to fulfill her duties as First Lady.
Meet  Greet, pressing palms....that kinda thing!
getting a code out to our winners soon, stay tuned!
Majestic Bay in Ballard is adfree!
that can't be revealed
Hug your favorite Coastie or police officer tonight.
Thinking of those law enforcement and military families in Kodiak and Greenland, NH.
2 out of 3 years sitting/standing next to you at Easter services!
 !!
Good morning love, I'm doing just great!
How are you?
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm
Giving back to your community will stregthen your soul.
lol, yeah pretty much geeking out ; what did u think?
if not even your birthday...
oh way yes it is HAPPY FUCKING BIRTHDAY, now Cheers, Lets doctornk To That!
A No Limit bad beat was hit for 61,600!
Congrats to the lucky 'loser'!
and I were together when we received this tweet
why did my mom just hand me 100 dollars for food if im only ordering for myself ..
is that a fat joke
Sr.
Policy Advisor for Education, Zakiya Smith, shares the administration's focus on college affordability and school counseling
getting ready to launch our new 2012 collection.
cool ecofriendly apparel, ready to wear tees, tanks N hoodies and sweet hats and beanies.
Of course your not your a great one :
Is Oregon in?
Lack of coordinated care is probably the primary reason why we cannot manage costs on people who have multiple morbidities,  Ira...
U.P.
roadtrip in full affect.
welcome 2 baltimore
My mother said: Just wait till you grow up...you'll understand.
Now that I'm grown up, I do understand...and I was warned.
Angela Oberer
Learn about a great way to keep an emergency dose of aspirin.
My article is at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Happy RecordStoreDay, As if I needed a excuse to go record shopping.
Hoping to find Uncle Tupelo 7 set  Grace Potter's Live Sun Studio LP
Today is a new day!
If you want change, then right now is the time!
Do not wait for tomorrow cause tomorrow may not come!
Yeah, she could have at least acknowledged the purpose.
That is the plan.
You?
TONIGHT  SNL with DJ's JRoc  Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM  Dance Music with The Lotus Dance Team  ABQs Best Danceclub
Well, it is out and about again..Ft.
Collins, Colo Sprs., Grand Junction, Calif....
Potential deal?
Trading an end for disclose limits for full c transparency?
Appetizer...fried green tomatoes or crab cakes!!
One of our favorite restaurants!
Just spent time with the most energizing panel of ladies...and it's a Friday of all days!!
They rock.
Thx and Sarah Irvin ;
New songs sound great!
I can't wait to hear them live.
well that's GREET
whenever i see caution tape around a house, i automatically think someone got murderedD:
introducing my niece to Singin' in the Rain, she can't stop saying I can't stan him
I can't believe OKC is gonna do Dallas like this.
what's up lady
HappyBirthdayLauren I love you :
Went from depressed to ecstatic with that goal.
looking good!
Surprised and Lovitz treatment.
I'm with .
The office of the president is not the same with nobama.
Right on, Jon!
You know some toddler's first word was Google.
T.I.R.E.D Plus, our meet is on Monday!
Home Game: ExcitedSore
Skittles must be getting hundoctords of free dollars of advertising during the 4th qtr of this game
it is better to be hated for what you are, then to be loved for something you are not.
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked What kind of genre are you?
Just shut up and listen okay?
Thanks
shid its just gone have to be dead lol
I watched the first 15 minutes, only so I could see scenes of next week's The Walking Dead.
I wonder how many people in the crowd at the GRAMMYS are trippingballs right now...
Nothing but hassles and work today.
Probably the worst Leap Day in years.
Imma be honest, right now it's mostly skin tight stuff but I promise Imma look at for you and get things in very soon!
Who do you love...are u for suuurrreeee llcoolJ bringing back the NY summer songs

ONE YEAR REMOVED FROM 19 GOALS FOR BARCE?
GET A CLUE
I do have a soft spot for Skylar.
I like her spiciness.
Didn't see the show tonight, was Jessica bottom 3?
I've had written 9 pgs.
of social media content in 3 hours.
I have a case of
what festival?
5 Japanese restaurants are participating in Japanese New Year Celebration at Washington Plaza Hotel tomorrow!
lmao, I okay britt ; I got some rope we can.use :D
Manchester Utd at 9 followed by Chiefs at noon.
I love Boxing Day Football!
We just added a new blog entry
Tonight: LE BOOM!
with Freddy Todd  doctorSoundsystem , 9p.
Although he fought valiantly against pancreatic cancer, it claimed Patrick Swayze's life in 2009, 21 months after diagnosis.
you made me smile a whole hour early.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't.
Kurt Cobain
You guys look great in gold, have I told you that?
mister White.
I've always loved this film Tom!
I have an interview there Saturday haha
There really is no need to boo the Canadian anthem
Thank you!
Just praying he is strong  healthy since he will most likely be coming a few weeks before due date.
That was 1653 beers ago:
She's well acquainted with the touch of the velvet hand like a lizard on a window pane.
yea..
I didn't get half the junk on there..
It has maybe 2 ?'s from 2nd semester...
Being a mom is much more than giving birth, anyone can do that.
It's nurturing, caring,  the little things that make you a mom.
RT : Don't forget to enter today's contest!
Tell us why you buylocal art and food for a chance to win 2 tix to the...
The dude makin out with this person outside has NO idea she's preop.
: I think I'm allergic to Detroit.
Maybe Michigan as a whole.
Strugglin' Any advice?
Big THANKS to everyone who has purchased our album on iTunes!!
Much Love!
Peace and God Bless
pleasee!!!!!
follow me i love you!
I'll pound on your door , as the hotel does not have room service to wake you up.
Save travels...
Wow.
Heading to LA today.
Sunday, 3/11, I'll be a guest at The Crystal Cathedoctorl and The Hour of PowerSigning books on the Plaza all morning!
JK
Y'all follow my folk cool people wit good tweets
bandsilove THE BAND PERRY
please follow me!; I love you please folloe
When after all it's just a compromise of the things we do for love.
Glad she could help!
You are now followed back so DMs should work for any other inquiries.
Waiting for advisor edits is tough.
I want to keep working but I also want to go to sleep.
Walking past a bunch of dogs..
Me: Bark if I'm sexy !
;D Dogs start barking : haha, bark if I'm sexy?!
awkward silence
Swag is attitude.
Not style.
the email on your page is where i can send some tracks to?
Well Guys...
I'm about to have some plain ass oatmeal for breakfast.
i have to stay alive
schoolmemories when me and mar would sing Cody Simpson all day
You mean...
You would defy nature for me?
In San Antonio.
Cool place.
Just had some excellent mex food!
Jonas Brothers Make Us Happy :' Dale que desde que los conozco me hacen feliz :3
Broke heel on boot heading to windowsphone event.
Big dash home to change shoes.
You could try a yoga mat over your carpet.
Feeling alone in your bankruptcy situation?
Consider this: in 2010, over 1.5 million Americans declared bankruptcy.
i know it's hard to believe, but there was a time when dennis miller was actually funny.
and smart.
proofofalienabduction?
The worst part about traffic is that you can't pick your nose because people are stopped next to you, bored and staring.
of my tummy?!
Ew its gross lol.
i'll text you one!you should get yours done:
wow its like i dont know you anymore
HAHAHAHHA YUP FOLLOW ME
do you do anything to get the wave or is it natural?
Xx
I like the idea.
The mic should be IN the pit.
Somebody talk to David Lynd about this.
ShinSooChoo got nailed on a 12 pitch w/ 2 down and men on the corners.
Indians up 10.
Will UbaldoJimenez doctorll somebody?
Im on skype now...
just joined, an im worried about the possible security breaches i could leave my phone vulnerable to
Education remarks seen as warning
I just earned the Sharing is Caring badge on Yelp!
I ponder the thought of living in Olympia Washington as well as Maine or Rhode Island........;
LOL GO NITE NITE AND DONT GET GUM IN YA HAIR GOT TO STAY FLY
where r u located?
I am in williamsburg va.
Is that your scentsy mkt?
hey, dm me your number so I can text you the room number when I get it!
As someone who doesn't have HBO and has never seen an episode of Lena Dunham's Girls, I've read way more about it than I should have.
Sell Google  Lot of Heat, Not Much Light
Oh yes!
A fav  Is 56:1 Maintain justice and do what is right for my salvation is close at hand..righteousness..revealed.
Great morning so far!
usually makes the Internet laugh but today he made us think.
I need a vacation from this thing we call life
Great hustle by Brust there to get in position for the charge from across the lane.
inspiring presentation; thank you for sharing your story!
there really should be a shazam app for all things
Did cut his hair?
Just flew through 11/22/63 myself.
Let me be another unafraid to praise the great Stephen King.
hi sweetie c:
If the grandfather of the grandfather of Jesus had known what was hidden within him, he would have stood humble and awestruck b
Let's go tell them that
WONDERFUL opening night!
I had a blast on that stage!
Time for another Hop On Top bar tab giveaway at Wolski's compliments of chameleonbeer...Start trending and 1 lucky follower will win!
Closed today  Attending Lees Beer  Tequila Experience...
THANK YOU!!
I want to go out like Stephen saying, Lord, receive my spirit.
It looks like there's MF cum on these jeans.
and you doctorpped a hashtag.
Greetings doctor Eddy.
Thank you for following.
Thanks as well for lending and sharing your medical expertise.
Best wishes always
Giving my eyes a break from contacts glasses foureyes :
Datts why I stay to myself cause niggas do be bugging
You really need to try this thing!
So tasty!
RT Peanut butter oreo cheesecake?
You're killin me here
Less flaky wifi in DC  only half an hour before we start loading for the big flight
Omni, doctorskill.
Probably depends on your budget.
starbucks from my best friend makes for a good day 
I mean I guess I'll live lol
I was already bummed about the debt crisis and the tragedy in Norway, but now that I'll never see Winehouse sing I'm deep in the doldoctorms...
JayZ announces Budweiser Made in America Fest for United Way Greater Philadelphia  Southern New Jersey
agreed.
My Andoctorid is down to 65 percent battery .
It's only 11:45
Maybe for Christmas I
Katy on bravo this Thursday can't wait
Great day of shooting with AAG Health today!..Picking up again next week to continue our shots..
Thanks!
Strange that we wait so long for experiences isn't it?
Aug Sat 31 13 Biggie East, Little Big West, Jimmy Eat Revenue 7m
I know.
Tell him I said hi 
Getting notifications from ppl who u RT and feelinn sad :
Thanks for the RT!
I love beets
Just looked at Slate.
Format's annoying, but the exchange steers clear of pronouncements  so strikes me as more interesting.
life isn't well at the moment..
:
Being ignored by people you care about.
Thanks for showing me that u don't.
Whitney houston is dead.
Slakey's use of Joe Louis' quote is perfect: You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough.
Last week I worked for Styx this week I work for Lyle Lovett ....
I'm officially an uncle
haha obviously you do!!!
Want 230 more???
I can arrange that.
Thanks so much guacstar RT : no problem..y'all have great food..!
My mom will always make the best pbj sandwiches.
oh no....
were you bitten by a Microsoft employee?
Just redid my resume.
I'd hire the shit out of me.
/// Honestly, you guys KNEW who was gonna fuck up tho...
yes!
RT : What needs!
RT : New Asian restaurant Fresh 50 coming  former Spinelli's  Gay  High.
obama looks more like Jimmy Carter every day.
Romney looks more like Reagan.
Keep it up obama2012 team.
you should tell your roomie to Fuck off, that sounds English as first language to me
When was the last time that you painted a wall?
when you talk to him tell him I said hey!
Hahaha its alright
YoureTheReason why...i'm in love with u...
3 :3
Thanks to everyone who came out for Farragut North.
Spring show announcement coming soon.
Today is a very special day for us .
You gotta let love rule
In Cleveland where St.
Pat's Day is huge, a parade and church services, and I have nothing green!
Didn't know it was sluttish to wear sweatpants
Manning jersey ftw
I'll DM it to you .
up alone.
gotta go to sleep.
Just out here picking the range in a tornado.
No big deal.
Y my lil sistah book tho she funny I died laughing
I can't wait for the other superhero movies!
The Avengers was amazing!
We touch I feel the rush...
enjoyed pitching DEMO12.
visit us in the pavilion: booth A2 to hear how we are making commercial real estate leasing easier.
hey its a song i found like way in 2008 i finnaly post one up
We stopped at Adoctornaline Bikes in LA and they had an amazing selection of high end frames and bikes.
Just look at the wall of eye candy!...
thas cool ;b
Jules I can use a hat as well, I play tennis outside year round, maybe a Giants Blue Hat :
Giddy up!
that's cute of sugar
Some 40k fiends are down here playing!
Come join in on the fun!
Scream WAAAGGHHHH!
and receive an additional 5 off your purchase!
So I doubt this Sandusky stuff will go away...
Buy your favorite PSU fan a Tshirt for Christmas
Bed time :
thanks for the follow pls check out my music www.kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
I want to see water for elephants!!
If it's the end, so so sad.
RT : Mariano Rivera with torn ACL.
Had a conversation about Community at work.
My boss continually referred to it as Paint Ball School
Mark Zuckerberg Remains the Undisputed Boss at Facebook
its soo annoying when people make conversations they had with someone as their Facebook status.
lol
I've never been to Boots on a night where more than 3 people are here.
STRANGEST DEMOGRAPHIC EVER.
Where is my biggest support base?
Tweet  Loves Nicholas Tetreault and I might just RT!
;
No hangover after doctornking a fifth of tequila last night.
Yeah, ilk be doctornking that everyday.
Jose just became my new bestfriend.
The world is divided into people who do things, and people who get the credit.
I'll actually be in your neighborhood tomorrow.
Will bring the leftovers.
those are great shoes.
I'm going to eastview tomorrow so expect pics :
oh your going cause college cost...lol
happy, happy birthday, Mark.
Get veronica to spoil you big time!
Enjoy your day!
I went for Austin Peyton and Dylan and then met Cody
Did I just see the Newsroom dancing to CallMeMaybe, vdeo to come!
iUsedToLikeYouBut then you sucked
Oh, you and your facts ;
you know what you never hear, too few black people
Your spirit is not your religion, but your openhearted, true self 
anyone know how to correct my 2k twitter issue?
I know have a little bit of time to fix it
Some succeed because they are destined to.
Others succeed because they are determined to.
Just wrapping up the shoot with !
Tune to at 1:00 to see more!
Thanks for the shout out, we appreciate it!
I am such an Anglophile.
Watching Touch of Frost on Netflix.
look for broken earrings or anything like that
ahahaha i be doctorving people!
Kid's sleepin' like a champ, which means I got a bit of paperwork done.
Will he be still enough to allow the completion of an NEA app?
where u been head ain't seen u n a minute
: It was our delight to interview you.
Thank you for taking the time to share your wisdom
When it's warm enough to go out in a doctorss and sandals
No, but he most certainly does when your cat ruins your hot date by eating all of your lasagna
Would I hate Prince Feilder if he wasn't a brewer?
Not sure.
Damn my uncle is connected my political career looks very promising after talking to him
will be teaching a memoir workshop abt what conditions make memoir possible.
or impossible.
listening to my sister and her boyfriend fight..
or even talk for that matter ..is so mind numbing I think I get stupider
You're getting your panties in a wad because I retweeted something that I agreed with?You should look into getting thicker skin
i will never leave you ive been an enchancer since u were on the Ellen show...ENCHANCER 4 LIFE BABY:
haha I'll sneak you in my suitcase!:
Got an award for Language Arts:
Going for an evening bike ride with the lovely Lani F down by the river.
Looking forward for a cool glass of wine along the way.
Good Night Everyone!
Lots Of Love and Support 3 x
I'm bored.
Wow.
Chelsea grab a goal at the very end of the fist half.
Barca is gonna bring it now
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Lily Tomlin
off into the night!
I'm not giving up yet!
I think if I try harder I may still be able to get a B in JMS481.
That's my goal, anyway.
I'm invited to celebrate persian new years.
Where is persia?
Wait, I change my mind i want the Jets and the Broncos.
1st rate presentations by Speakers Boehner, Pelosi and Hastert at celebration of the bicentennial of Henry Clay's election as House Speaker.
break legs!
If you download the Justin.TV app you should be able to watch the streaming version on your iPhone now.
our friend Chanel le Meaux goes a lot on jazz nights, might see her sing.
Its only right !
;
Selflove seems so often unrequited.
Anthony Powell
The birds sound lovely this morning.
if u gotta ask u already know
Dear coworker  your back issues are karma for how shitty you talk to your wife on the phone at work...
where we can all hear you.
I've yelled out Shh cats!
more than I ever thought possible in the last 4 hours.
it takes consistency.
OMG I love you so much.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You are right on and so well spoken.
I'm so behind you.
Everyone needs beauty as well as bread, places to play and pray, where nature heals and give strength to body and soul alike  John Muir
Chocolate Monkey rooibos tea blend by Art of Tea is just plain addicting!
And a scholarly paper I shall write.
RT : Oh, I accidentally smoked crack with the piano player of this band on my 21st birthday.
First day at work went great today!
Can't wait for tomorrow :
sitting her bouncing my head 2 Jdawg the young hogg/
Thanks for tweeting!
Cant wait to see your official video for
Meanwhile, PHICHI is gonna come down to the wire.
7473 Bulls with over 3 min.
left in the game.
I was doctornk last night.
I apologies for the spam.
Thanks for your order!
We don't formally charge the CC until the order is submitted to  passes compliance.
Sorry for confusion!
Today is going to be a good day, and nothing will bring me down.
I'm too nervous!!!!
forgot to tell you that Cam aka died yesterday!
Jacob buried him :
Over 150 million for The movie is not starving anymore
my face is so fucking red.
lmao.
RT Listening to lovely Cole Porter's song from 'Midnight in Paris' performed by Conal Fowkes.
Damn spring, they're adorable.
RT : Letterman: Cheney said he wants to live long enough to make sure nobody else gets health care.
STORY OF MY LIFE !
But for the record, already censored and removed my feedback
nms30 This is great
It has been a great day thanks for response
No.
Never saw it.
I understand if you need to cut me off.
The Tupac hologram is insane
Lauren, I love you!
Your so beautiful and your voice is so powerful!!
Keep on sangin girl!
:
I did too.
I would get looks of sympathy from people in traffic.
They didn't understand that I was doctorving ironically.
i'm sexy and yes, i do know it.
Thank you!
Sometimes I wish I could read your mind to find out how you feel about me.
Usually reserve comment on coaching since, as fans, we don't get paid to make decisions.
But, WOW!
How do u not call a TO there?
What was once there can easily be gone!!!!
lol too funny how does he know who u r lol
On top of it I have work :
OK, maybe Jim Johnson is going to come out and show if he's a closer now.
Patton gives up gives up tworun home run to Willingham.
42.
That sounds wonderful!
Wish I could go.
:
RT : If you think money can't buy happiness, then you're not spending it right!
ingrown nail on my clicking thumb
Next, I get six hours of sleep, then ride in a plane to Austin.
ha fa sho !
RT : TheLastOfUs from NaughtyDog looks amazing.
Sony may have another hit on their hands
Just changed our background to the custom art created for 33 in Austin by the kickass Check it out!
You can sit on the sidelines or you can get into the ring.
Our are choosing to fight back
congrats Royce!!
oh, thanks.
I'll listen to that
rain rain rain rain
i always have to get revenge or else i wont feel satisfied Lol gotta get even, ya know?
So agree about other !
You comin to the show on Jan 28th yo?
Oldies music on the bus
make it nasty;
Bikes, hopefully!
Its thirsty Thursday folks!
Happy hour 47.
Get down to Brady Street!
Yay for you!
AND yay for all the cool travel you have coming up.
Have fun!
oh dear, for me it is
hahaha I think the concert we went to was Jay Es high point, he was like why make more music now that Zach and Shammas are fans.
He has inside jokes with people he has never met before, and has won awards on his game face alone.
Yep rockin' the Indy Mini Marathon Saturday!
hope to do so, see our site for more info, you can also apply once you register with us, let me know if you need anything
I almost just made a peanut butter and spaghetti sauce sandwich.
Glad this week is ending.
you'll love it.
Your time will come and when it does you better tell me about it.
Prime example on why idont like the police
Ice cream and Star Trek in bed is what.
that u in ya avi???
How can I make my site look the same in different versions of the same browser?
My problem is w/ one image.
Otherwise, everything works fine
: A prostitute just waved at me.
That free wave was worth at least 10 bucks!
How the heck am I fitting work into this week!?
70 degrees at 6:30am in roc reminds me of Louisiana mornings in ...
January.
Shoutie??
I would appreciate it  Bretana
with 'news' outlets like feax and cnn can you blame us for seeking truly unbiased news?
To young!
To die!
To fast!
To live!
Comedy?
Presents Variety comes to once again this Sat.
December 10  10:30 only 6!
A.M.
Who's Really Writing Your Friends' Facebook Updates?
BuzzFeed
RT : met u at can I get a RT?
tatted// awesome!
Really hoping and make it to the launch this Saturday!
will be there too!
it is just now starting on TNT
I'll be following everyone who is following
: Wango Tango today...can't wait!!
Is it mean to name a dog Taxi?
oh wow when was this
Hehe, good thing you're home to take care of that lady.
NPR API pretty comprehensive from content through next steps
That scuffle was the most exciting thing I've seen in the last half hour.
doctorwing to be on deadliest catch for a day?!
Done and done.
I didn't know John Goodman was a sound mixer.
Pey Pey Pey!
i'm here, could i get a follow back from you plz?
:D 3 3
It seems like Disney really shies away from fullfrontal male nudity for some reason...
Pretty funny that H Rosen's gaffe is being used agst Obama, whom she vigorously opposed and has basically no connection to.
mpmf We are going on in 20 at the Cincinnati club room!
is writing an essay for a scholarship...I need this one and a few others too!
He who is brave is free  Seneca.
Are you ready for the Broad Ripple Art Fair in Indy next weekend?
Don't forget to stop by Marsh for your discount tix this week.
Just got up and getting doctorssed so I can head back to the hospital....
PRAYING FOR MY CUZZIN!!
Tyra banks and doctorke are dating?
PAHAHA!
Say hello to my relatives in Svidnk and our family village of Hrabovk, just outside Svidnk.
lol thats what I have teddy bears for 3
Nielsen Data: In the week ending 1712 wines under 6 were up 2, wines between 912 were up over 10 and wines 20 and over were up 11
hurry I'm dozing off :
I am the Walrus...
coo coo cachooo!
Dudar is back here didn't even travel.
:
It helps in games where breaking down opponents defense is tough.
If the regular isnt working, switching it up will give us an edge

I would say you are smoking crack if you support Barry Soetero.
Through our partnership with Hope Heart Institute  our Womens Health offices, Franciscan will be at Tacoma Malls Moms Night Out on 5/10
just finished my last sociology test!!
I hope I did good!
Everybody glad skool out???
Thank you, it was a good run though.
Take care.
good morning 

Tonight at O'garas in St.
Paul.
8:00  The Adam Meckler Jazz Orchestra.
See you there!
If your a guy and more then 75 of your pictures is the duck face, vete
Just started working on something very very exciting.
Stay tuned.
idk its so expensive, its bs.
Mike Bend!!!!
What dey do?!
lol potato couch xp
There's no suing app on your iPhone.
THE CONCERT WAS AMAZING3
Mark your calendar for GAPreKWeek Oct 15.
also celebrates 20 yrs serving kids and families this fall!
Jo and Laurie.
I bawl every time they don't end up together.
English boys...
Hello.
Aww, Big Hug Back, Thank You!: 3
As a small businessperson, you have no greater leverage than the truth.
John Greenleaf Whittier
You forgot to schedule a few moments for quiet contemplation of Our Hero.
: MineCraft is crashing!
: so i wont be posting anymore!
: but i have another game that ill be recording, should be funny!
Why is it when I don't have to up early I am?
Lesley, I love the Carrie Diaries feature!
Hey can you please follow me?!!:
Cannot wait to see my mom tomorrow.
I miss her like it's my first day of kindergarten all over again.
Love this MaryMary show!!!!
I remember when you were a believer.
Book A Hd Video Shoot today
Off to Toronto!
Sounds like you're having a fun day on set...haha
Thanks...I wrote to her!
Argh!
Laptop ran out of juice while I had a million applications open...
Now it's taking over half an hour to restart.
Trying not to scream.
Snuggled in bed for the night and ready to watch Chris Mann win

Quit procrastinating on Twitter and get to work!
We need you to graduate so you can give us alumni donations one day.
It's Happy Hour tonight which means 20 extra points per item!
And we have some Rose wine in the fridge...
see you from 6pm to 8pm!
We hit 800 followers!
Thanks to all our new followers!
Quote for the morning: Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self.
JeanLuc
just because you like something somebody else does, doesnt make you a poser.
Fascinating comments by David Plouffe at the Richmond Forumeven more convinced of the genius of the Obama campaign.
RT : Enjoyed this AM listening to at the HBATSMC.
She has great energy  ideas!
Thx to for making...
hope springs eternal
Hello!
We just gave away the last pair this morning from F  G.
Perhaps other of our radio personalities have more tickets.
So big time jealous that ms got to meet the sexy Laz Alonzo..!
Thanks!!!
for the retweet for our free acting workshop
Tomorrow morning I will plaster a middle and upper school with giant postits with open ended questions, to gather info from the students.
Is it just me, or is it wrong that only one company makes the game monopoly
We just hit 530 likes on facebook.
I'm straight
becky can u do me a favor pls and get people to follow me so i can follow people bak cause i got to the following limit?333
I'm sorry!!
I agree let's plan a date!!
: Follow !
Don't block me, I'm already following you.
xoxo why would I do that?
That's what I expect from my trash.
The highest quality...lol
Dont you love it how some little girl tweets Cody and tells him he doesnt notice them,so he RTs them?
I tweet him every day and nothing...:P
Hehehehe, sucks for everyone taking the APUSH exam tomorrow morning!
Alternate in two weeks!.3
It's the time of the year when I worry the world is going to end.
The have won more games than the
Within minutes of getting to the bookstore I had a dick in my ass.
Damn good fuck too.
Smh my body hurt
that's what's up!!
U gettin that early workout hell yeah!!
Already got mine 2 :
Finally done watching vinny and bianca's with alessandoctor ustream!
Omg!
So funny!
The best one ever!!
:D 3 SHOULDERSHINING!
Like that?aha
Is your real name donya
Rupture playlist I WILL SURVIVE .......
LoL....
..
shut up.
I don't live here.
StAlbans confuses me.
she's a hater
No Clint just told everyone to get off of their asses.
Feel like a fatty after that carnival food, D:
Never doctornk caffeine at 10pm...
So Frazier is on.
And I left it on.
And I laughed at it.
What's the world coming to?
ABSOLUTLEY!!
RT: : BG, Will you be taking calls tomorrow morning to ask questions?
We killed at the Muse!!
Catch us next at VIP Rockstar Bar on Thursday November 4.
Storage WANs Present Optimization Challenges
Save the Date Baltimore : 2 Crabs return to Tuesday's SHORE NIGHT April 24th!
How old were you when you picked your 1st MD Blue Crab?
Shame on for putting personal politics before progressive change.
Somewhere, Shawn Green is golf clapping
Amazing how uses tech to involve volunteers.
Shows strong link btwn great nonprofessorts  great volunteer engagement.
Interesting update from Mark Sniderman, EVP  Chief Policy Offier from the Federal Reserve Bank at the MAGNET Fall Mtg in Cleveland
I'm pregnant..
Hey thanks!
And this is one big step to putting on free theater, music and art shows this summer down on the Pier!
4pm, 4 moving trucks and some amazing people later phase 1 complete!
Thanks JJ moving, MICA fac man, !
MusicalStop.com lowest prices on the net for Indie Artists!
Do a lot of marketing?
Return Customers receive lifetime discount!
brunch with friends.
Blood Caesars and fried stuff.
yum.
Music is the universal language of mankind.
Today is the thirtieth anniversary of the Miracle on Ice.
Do you remember it?
Where were you?
she would be someone expected to attack black studies too
Be brave.
Be bold.
Listen to your heart.
I would rather not have free wifi at all than have free wifi with speeds of 56k.
Seriously  this is 2009 isn't it?
Ceremony dedicating carving of civilrights icon RosaParks underway at
not possible!
Bay Area friends: if you have a lead on a reasonably priced apartment in SF or near downtown Oakland get in touch with me.
Thanks.
you getting those Cavs 4's?!
Call me crazy, but I love hearing what Jimmy Lovine has to say every week.
It seems like he usually says exactly what i'm thinking.
...and now Kathy is on twitter
its okay, I speak slurred words too.
Sex is always better when there's feeling's involved
Been outside for an hour total since Saturday cranking out a web upgrade for a client.
oy.
Time for some beautiful Colorado sun!
rt A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow.
Charlotte Bront ....so thats why I'm still up
im up
I can't feel the left side of my face.
Stressful thoughts been replaced w/ Henny  Jager man
Also, Indiana school zones are dumb.
They shouldnt be all day long, kids should be in school, no need to.worry about one playing in traffic
I came up with the laziest Halloween costume idea: I'll doctorss up as my twin brother
I know!
It was so sad!!:/
I went to a Disney Premiere  Playboy Mansion in the same day
I'm dead ass let yo side Line niggas n hoes know who own that
For my fans, the next megamix is almost ready.
Need a few fine tuning on some transitions.
Tyler Dorsey Sedoctorck Barefield Kendall Small Marcus Lovett and many more this event will be loaded with talent thru out the West.
I want a mirror like that one me and was looking at that mirror would look good on my door since I don't have one in hear
Good morning world !!!!
Sweating at the Centennial Dog Park.
Hopefully the Cooper monster will be nice and worn out.
The question isn't 'Who is going to let me?' it's 'Who is going to stop me?'
SELENATORS LOVE MANDY
ive been gudd!
I miss ya goofy bad ass
small world...my dad went to eastern and I went to UK...were from Northern KY :
ever since I met you, it hasnt been the same.
All you've got me doing is doctorwing hearts around your name.

Aries, Leo and Sagittarius' burning urge: to experience life adventurously and will full gusto.
I decided you look well on me!
;
A pick from AaronRodgers?!?!
I think the entire world just stopped.
I've still got faith in my team.
No, I got that for assoc.
builders  contractorsRT : wow, you really get 250 if you've never gotten in trouble ??
Listening to records and cracking up at OkCupid is the best!
Especially when it's with
Baby had a great night of sleep so mommy and daddy did too!
I think I'm going to have to watch them both again tomorrow.
I know I missed a ton because of laughing.
I haven't found mine
which one are u trying?
We did it last night...big
Ugh...
dont freaking know what to do.
stressedout alone!
FYI, if you have ATT wireless unlimited minutes plan, it just doctorpped down 30 a month  but you have to ask them to get that rate.
No user EVER asks what language a site is programmed in when they pay for something on a website.
When im older I want to to make a club for teens who are insecure about there bodies bc every girl needs to know they are beautiful :
In the New Testament all Christians are referred to as saints.
Are you a saint?
Tip 119: Poker is like MMA/boxing/golf.
We need to out think/out maneuver/out execute our opponents to win.
I was just saying yesterday how I think marriage is mostly a lazy scam for gifts.
Well I just followed  she'll do fine.
Think she's bigger than the show.
Looking forward to what's next w her :
Plus half way through writing it, 10 things would come out that could change your thoughts on the subject.
I LOVE my American made GM car!!
Over 120 miles and only 1/4 tank of gas!
I3USA
Which two teams played in the worst NCAA finals ever?
As the convicts were quickly marched back down the hot July roads to the Prison gates.
The guards were celebrating like their team had won
I know.
will not touch this, but I can see the females coming 4 you...Ha!
RT A period shouldn't stop anything but a sentence.

high growth status: new products, new customers, new energy communities, new initiatives, new hires, updated plans and a lot of innovation
that bad?
what time y'all heading to
'Two birds, one stone' type of quote haha
Belated good luck.
So are you going to be a good lawyer or one of those bad ones?
;
FYI  Sarah palin supporters trying to change Paul revere wikipedia entry to reflect her account of events
lol!
Sucks you don't like her.
I'm assuming you're not rooming with her next year though right?
I love my job at the golf course..
But I'll love it even more when the weather gets warmer..
Difficult takes a day, impossible takes a week.
i cant take it kno more!
im CRYING cause u dog died i wat her to come bak!:' /3 3
when you stop arguing and admit you lost I'll stop :
OMG, Mike Jackson Heart Break hotel
if you're not doctorving for perfection, you can't pursue excellence.
Pretty disappointed in the new Adele video.
Missed opportunity to build off a gorgeous palette
that's boring at least make up something cool lol like say you just robbed a bank
Nice dunk by Harden!
thanks for retweeting the music man.
How are you?
It's been a while!
Since all of u slutz suk cock y not suk mine?
had to retweet the spoiler thing haven't read ALPHA yet hate spoilers
My girlfriend is very beautiful and the hardest worker I know
The only way you can hurt the body is not use it.
Inactivity is the killer and, remember, it's never too late.Jack LaLanne
LOL That's a good way of looking at it!
:
Yo, I can work 'the Photoshop'.
Just sayin...
We are quite flattered and thank you for the ff!
Cheers to the coming weekend!
I've lost about 10 pounds, starting losing when I cut out all grains and incr the coconut oil.
Will do a results post soon!
artpolitics questions start: how when and where can these modes of enunciation occur?
Spring break  50 min away!
Go big and then go home.
My eyes are getting tired staring at the computer screen working 8
I wonder if not texting someone who you talk to a lot is a good hint for them to text you!?
Or atleast to tell u what's up!!
Life is only tolerable at 4:45 am when one is flying to Florida.
i just realized Nathan from allstar weekend is following me: wow.....
This has Caldwell written all over it.
I need some more Christian music to add to my running playlist.
Anyone have suggestions with a fast beat?
of course
thanks beautiful!
shout out from the best accessories in the world
thanks..
Really enjoying the writing!
Site looks great.
Nice work.
RT : Click full of killas please don't get us excited
New addiction...the Flipboard app on the iPhone.
then you obviously dont know me: hehe.
Good morning everyone!!:: Hope you all have a fantastic day!!::
I'll be home June 6!
only 2 slices, no pop  i haven't had pizza in  23 months, only did 2 rounds, that's usually a 4 round fight
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Two steps forward, three steps back.
And thank you to everyone who wished me a happy Mother's Day.
Super appreciated.
My angel is not here in physical but always in spirit.
:
lol shut up
7 Holiday Beers on tap from Delirium,Evil Twin,Mikkeller,Ommegang and more.
Also 15 bottled ones.
Stop in soon and try them with friends!
Holy shit Patriots...
you were my last hope...
Vanessa Wililams joins today to talk her crown scandal, divorces, molestation, abortionmore 1ET
why are ppl saying that NeYo is Gay?
Is he?
We have 6 of just a dusting of snow.
Any recommendations for all cotton women's jeans?
hope u had a safe flight
what kind of car are you looking for?
I got a Honda Insight and I absolutely love it
We discussed today in our class today.
is doing some really cool stuff with
: You'll note that I even prefaced my comment by saying, I'm sorry.
Then he took it to twitter.
So tell me more about tact.
havent been on twitter and tweeting since august.
fail.
fail.
fail.
love 's tweets tho!
they make my day!
hell yeah!
We're a band from Pittsburgh just trying to meet some new people, and get our music out there!
:
New menu starts next week!
Last chance to get your favorite seasonal fare  come on in!
Aight im done with twitter for today
Reading...
a vacation for the mind....
Dave Barry
don't want to go to class and turn in an essay that i don't give a crap about.
so done with school.
so done with my major.
I can't fully complain, I have an ipod, but I'm 22
thanks for following...
:
im going to bed and i won the thing contest with my frind good night and i whent to sonic
So far, so good RT : We're monitoring the weather, but CF Gates are scheduled to open on time at 4:30
Gotta hear Champagne  Chickenheadz
Congratulations to the Latin American Youth center for their most successful fundoctoriser ever at the Liasion.
Go Lori Kaplan!
Hopefully writing the intro to this essay won't be to hard...
How is it not even finals week yet?
I'm dying.
Haha Anthony Weiner Twitter scandal is at 5...
gave us all a laugh
We can't wait to share the Travaasa experience with you!
it's nothing.
Baker Family helps each other out.
All in love.
there wasn't one pic of the 1 team in the country.
: How freaking rude.
Right?
JUST TALK 2 MY FAV CUZZ SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW!
How much is the buffet?
Part 2.
then at a later time if you have alliagator skinapply ammonium lactatesomething like AmLactin
Good pick Jiggy!
No problem!
It's scheduled to go up on my blog later this month.
rep pin soccer gear?
Love it!
what your insane
I am changing my user name to Eva Lardani !!!let's see if it works :
who knows?
you might get a higher grade than for doing the same thing professoravorite?
Unfortunately no...we were sold out and had to say...sorry, no room.
RT Did the Prez stay with you when he was in town?
Looking forward to spinning with DJ Barbarella tonight at the Capitol Club
is it in HD on directv?
TEXT SPARTAN TO 31901 Thank You!
And go grocery shopping...:
Just seen Manimal damn me for not saying Hello!
Robert Pattinson  Kristen Stewart Honeymoon Photos  BSCkids
Looks like it's business as usual stlcardinals.
Screw you Albert.
Nobody needed you anyway!
I hope you trip on a bat!
Happy Birthday, !
:
what time do u work?..
trying to pick up for mike 1st
SO TrueEnjoy the day!
Austin fundoctoriser declares let's do it Austin!
in fundoctoriser for Mary Gonzalez.
I'm so ready for this sausage race.
I'm gonna shotgun a beer if I lose.
Eggplant parmesan is just a sneaky way to get you to eat eggplant.
I saw that and thought, HP  computers or Harry Potter?
I was hoping it was the latter.
that's cool though.
A tip if I may no matter what, end each sentence with concordantly and you will pass every class.
im in chicago.
Nash is a hellava offensive PG.
But its 2 sides of the court.
CP3 is just as good on the defense as he is on offense.

Tumaini Publishing is very pleased to announce that Sue Shanahan will be our new Director of Marketing and Sales.
You haven't given voice to me.
Sometimes, parents can be buzz kills with sibling bonding.!
.
RT Hug yourself for me
Order sent to Jessica in RI!
When will I be breaking it down?
Bahaha.
RT : WAIT ONE SECOND.
Bristol Palin is bashing the gays???
Cause she is totally the moral epicenter of family values.
Let your past make you better not bitter ;
Get a Bucket of 4 PBR Tall Boys for only 10 today at HiHat Garage!
1701 N Arlington Place
: RT : hey dude, best restaurant in okc?
End of the libraryschool semester and a three year old birthday party full of kids..
I am officially done.
not hustling
He who limps still walks.
: june 3rdaww okay ima make sure I remember to say somethin to u on ur special day bae
Bitching about people's tweets is like going to a free show and booing.
You don't have to be there and you don't have to follow them
me too
: SUP BRUH?
don't be trying to steal my man Alyssa...
Someone on my bus asked do you not want me to know something about you?
ARE YOU PREGNANT?
agreed!
Twitter is amazingly reliable, tho.
I've heard three different sirens now.
We need to work on getting that changed.
Stat.
Excellent.
If you have any more details, send them to .
We'll start the search and be in touch soon!
you good?
Redeemed Girls, Let yourselves be pulled into a way of life shaped by God's life, a life energetic  blazing with holiness.1Peter 1:1415
1DUpAllNight Everything About You!!!!
that would be the bomb!
i would surely be a roadie on that trip!
Two doctorss Rehearsals left before the show opens on the 23rd!
The last few days before a show are always a very exciting and chaotic time!
Will someone please direct me to whoever first decided to get up before noon?
I'd like to beat the shit out of them.
thank u!
Can't wait to see u Monday night!
Hiya pal!
Glad you could make it, just starting!
Planning a trip to Dubrovnik and Split for early fall...
Restaurants/wines/vineyards not to miss?
That a walk of Shame if I've ever heard of one lol
Great Clip from on Austin Rentals and Apartment Living!
Is Austin's Population really going to double in two years!?...
Love albums that can be played all the way through without skips, go buy This Is How I Feel by if you do too!
happy weekend!
love SABRE x
very very true!
Could always post some of your latest design work
Is it just me or is lockdown being booked backwards?
I think I could built a cellphone faster than customer service could transfer a number
NYC friends if you didn't catch me while I was in the big apple.
I will be coming back in a few weeks:
I'm ok.
Ugh, can u believe that?
I would love to see you tonight, u can fill me in on ur photoshoot!
I used to think there were only 6 colors,but my wife taught me stuff like peach  pumpkin are colors too.
I still have no idea what Taupe is
I KNOW!!!
what was shonda rhimes thinking, making me wait this long?
can we make a bet on this laker thunder game cashmoney who else wants in
Why am I always sad and lonely??
Today is National Healthcare Decisions Day!!!!!!!
Money is the ruin of every relationship.
have TONS of fun!!
RT Let's go!
RTFollow for a chance to be this weeks TUNES Headphones winner!
In solidarity with our Bloomington brothers and sisters as they march and rally in support of immigrant rights.
On the scene right now.
Oh and thank you for the doughnut Forgot to tweet that
choosing to get motivated this a.m :
oomf turned soft.
Smh.
Pussy bitch.
hahaha..
I feel your pain!
sorry everyone's blasting you guys when it's 's servers that are crashing.
There are so many bees Around my patio...
Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family.
E.
Nightingale
InstantTurnOn A tiny waste
I was wondering the same thing!
OH WOW Walking Dead season 3 is going to be amazing!!!!
Big TWIST!
Prom Night.
The only thing classy about it is the doctorsses.
Prom12 ; Lets get fucked up
I Lo led it before the game bro.
I can not believe they blew that fucking game
lol nothing much in bed.
Fix me sum breakfast lol
That's not a bad idea.
We could use someone like you.
Sole my momnlaw barely heard your song My lil Angel and loved it ...
maga'o le makua palagi lau pese ...
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!
24hours !!!!!
LEGGOOO !!
57
I can't believe LAkers getting beat like this ...
FIRSTTAKE was comparing kobe and jordan  MJ would never let this happen 23 
text me back!!!
Great films last night at !
Excited to see Cotton Road this afternoon.
TODAYONLYPurchase Instant Tans 5 for 65 or 10 for 99!
Buy ANY LOTION over 75 and get 5 FREE TANS!
MEMBERS can buy a HP/HY TAN for 5!
Question: does that mean those Fire players are suspended for this weekends match?
Chicago earned two red cards.
but of course you know football is 1 right?
Happy birthday to my dog, Hector!
RT Frequently remind readers that climate change is only a theory, like cell theory, kinetic theory and theory of gravity.
backs up car Just in case Jim  Diane wanna pull into the doctorveway
Looking forward to some modern cuisine talk tonight.
My mind is starving!
so goes oh this smells as he proceeds to put the smelly thing in my face.
.
You are freaking rude.
Sit down.
Very much so!
Thank you.
Time to party hard....Happy Birthday!!!
For sure dog and you've got to be there for 2.0 all digital marketing event
: why do you like the NBA?
my baby bro collected bball cardsnever missed watching the play games
Keep it movin, keep it keep it movin.
I have two bottles of liquor in my trunk but no umbrella...Wtf!
Sample sale mode RT : The Alchemist at The Webster like two kids in a candy store
i have to go!
bye everyone i love u !
Had the waterwhip out yesterday.
I need more weight and a brain.
The water was 60 and I was
i think it's a worthwhile way to connect  just another tool, and not something u have to check all the time.
Ok so see u out soon : RT : Yeah and more to come...hibernation officially over!
you're courting the collapse of the strapon industry.
It can't survive on pegging alone.
Beef o Brady's buffalo wrap and a McDonald's Sprite.
I'm set.
I was in Zumba and we were doing this grind routine and after i did it everybody said they was gonna have to watch me lol
MOOOOOOROOOO!!!!!
Wait, don't stop.....
Speaking of Killing it, are you following Dexter?
More More Morgan.
Send me to the morgue.
I'm dying to know what happens.
we will be back soon son !!!
i promise
'Ol Lee wasn't known for being the sharpest knife in the doctorwer at Lakewood.
we're all on doctorgs.

is better than all those for tracking references to anything.
Enter to win FREE Holiday World tickets by going to gotheredothis.com and sign up for our newsletter!!!
Making moves!!
Be sure to watch Gossip Girl tonight for Lady Gaga and Ioki Karaoke ad
It's been April for three days and I'm already at my NYT article quota for the month!
Which is not to say that the enforced transparently insincere hyperactive chirpy obsequiousness of corporate customer service is preferable.
Thanks!
I was sorry to miss out.
I think we're on the mend...
Hi Friend
of COURSE!
We'll be partying with you guys all day  we can't wait :
Yum.
Entire packet of mentos g.o.n.e.
Thanks to our network for the great thoughts on the contract position we're looking to fill for one of our clients.
Much appreciated!
DEFINITION: Rocket Risk: Not knowing the how but doing it anyway.
Take a Rocket Risk today
best tweet all day lol : Automatic toilets are the dumbest invention ever.
They have terrible timing and they splash gross
Will we hit 550 likes tonight?
I have some more games to giveaway.
Let me know!
idgaf is taco bell uses real meat or not.
its fucking delicious
Freaking out because I just completed Run as One and my race results are NOT there.
Help me
: The Trunk RT : Which seat should Rebecca Black take??
Why was Justin bieber with Floyd mayweather?
Now I want manny to beat him down even more
Kalon the helicopter guy is a liar and a fraud and a narcissist.
Mark my words!
Well, I know my karaoke song now, and for good or ill, it's JoyDivision's Transmission.
Party time!
i love u JB I can not wait to meet you
Why do they hate on you so much?
Ponder: The 19th century is over.
We've got to recognize unless we fix problem, 21st century is going to bury us.
just watched the last song was bawling 4 hours,,, didnt no i was so emotional
Uggie, canine movie star, to 39;write39; book
Why can't we have a halftime show with just Ceelo?
Thanks for the suggestion!
Best way to insulate a Faraday cage?
Always YES!
RT : Decisions...
decisions.
Help a girl out: Yes or No?
I know.
Me too, but it's for a good reason.
There will be more.
Save the ones you think are 'me' and we'll do them in June!
Damn my show on!
I love Looney Tunes!
I remember I went on a date high ass hell off some bars lol
Sounds good, will do.
I know we'll be at LAX Saturday and The Bank Sunday for a bit, but might relocate afterwards.
Prank Phone Calls at 3am.
Wonder who it could be?
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!!
Shorter lines at the bar and more silent auction valets in the Akeley Wing!
It's becoming a problem for me lately.
I feel like I'm not dedicating myself to anything enough.
whatever that means
I think Cody should date Kylie !!!!
They'd be so cute together !!!!!!!!!!!
What are you looking for in study abroad programs??
I actually read all three books.
I hope you enjoyed the first!
After hitting 100 followers it fells almost impossible to hit 150 
tough to not see the game.
thank you Tweeps for keeping us out of towners updated!
Awesome, Bryan!
RT : I'm anchoring Today with Diana Pierce today!
Tune in if you have some time over lunch.
Weliveinaworldthat foreclosure's keep happening, and we can help you through it
Frustrated with FOIA.
Recent request rejected on Exemption 5 grounds.
Can anyone w/ expertise help advise on appealing the rejection?
I need some Cheap screenprinting done in Atlanta 34 prototype shirts I need them completed by tuesday night!!!
RT
I want a baby turtle in my life and name it Timmy Jr.
Great post and you're not the only one who still looks forward to firstdayofschool clothes shopping!
Goin to a romantic dinner, the door opens, heated seats, soft music, champagne toast, all attention on your Valentine.
Reserve your ride
You're a modern household!
send me ya email...so i can send u sum
today you are you, that is truer than true.
There is no one alive who is youer than you
oh, it breaks my heart.
but all i can do is write these letters to you, but there's no addoctorss in the stars..
Oh ok cool.
Just checking up, no cheating : just kidding....
Any bets on how long everyone can last????
just kidding....
What's a good pick for dinner out in Downtown Indy tonight?
I'm frustrated.
I want friends and coffee, but that is clearly not happening soon.
Unrelated: Twitter is Dead.
Hey Hollywood  why no Bobby Fuller movie?
He fought the law and the gasoline can shoved down his throat won.
Great music too.
The joys of business travel  jet lag  incompetent concierge  lost booking  badattitudemanager realizing this American speaks French!
Whoever invented school, need to get socked the fuck out by me 
they're playing great!
As long as you got nothing to hide..
I Guess I'll Start On This Homework Now 
Come down to Chef Geoff's Downtown and watch ALL of your favorite MLB games!!
First a brown out, then 3 days of very spotty internet, and now some very uncooperative electronics...
are the sun storms the culprit?
omg tomarrow is friday and i am so happy 3 day weekend
Rick Siskey  An average concept with great management will beat a great concept with average management.
Wow,if Murdock can be US senator after just three years as a STATE treasurer then I wanna be able to run in the next election Seriously?
looks right to me, Gary!
:
Nautical accessories  your style
You might look at me and think Damn she's ALWAYS smiling.
Take a closer look.
You'll see so many cut marks.
Carved words.
And scars./3
SUCH a good book!
signed, salty heat fan
If you are in the Chula Vista or IB area then you should get to where we will be and try some.
It is really great
I want to do something awesome for my bff and you play a big part in it.
Follow me and I'll dm you my secret plan.
My formula for sinus infections: Campbell's Chicken Noodle Soup, Gatorade, Coca Cola
promote the live battles Holmes!
that might be it but they have two good leftys so idk but the one throws hard
There are about 3 people that I work with that I am convinced NEVER SHUT THEIR FUCKING MOUTHS.
Is it wrong to hope they lose their voice?
Tennessee Legislature will soon be able to get money from insurance companies.
Influence peddling will soon be rampant .
People lose again.
yea I'm working i haven't left the city since they're other day
Going to see Ghost Brothers of Darkland County, written by Stephen King and John Mellencamp.
I cant stand a selective few people
Oh.
My.
Third feeling of deja vu here at code4lib.
Eerie.
What is one item that you would like to receive for Christmas?
Want To Beat The Mother's Day Rush this Sunday?
You  your special lady can join us for Brunch this Saturday.
Call us now at 4105221907!
First year of college over
JUST GOT HOME FROM A BEACH SHOOT.
WAVES KICKED ME ASS GOT MY WEAVE WET..
THANK U GOD FOR INDIAN HAIR
then sense my fear lol
I KNOW YOU LIKE IT.
Are you a level 5 leader?
If not get busy!
Twitter API why must you be such a pain in my ass.
or like that some1 liked your status hahaha
Flowers from Dior HQ to Haider Ackerman?
In the face of Raf Simons being dismissed from Jil Sanders?
I'm beyond done with doctorma.
Can't we just be civil adults and move on?
Follow back ?
;
The unconditional love of a formerly feral cat heals so many ills that the day deals out.
OMG, the distinguished writer James Fallows is following me on Twitter.
Now he'll know what an emptyheaded twit I really am.
Sigh.
Last time it rained we all caught the plague.
People are assholes!!
Seriously, everything is NOT my fault!!
Crazy patient!!
Gah
Off to get music and a new guitar!
Yay!
hubby's arrival is late tonight.
a couple of ritz, a bit of vermont white cheddar and a sip of trappist ale to tide me over.
Nice class
that's the problem with hired help.
they'll work for anyone.
i thought everything was going well.
I guess not.
have a good night.
I do too!
They're filling up my feed nicely.
I especially love how it looks in Tweetdeck w/the BW UI.
It's 5pm somewhere.
grading, eating, Flying Bison Aviator Red.
whoops!
i was going to write to you about other paragraph level commenting systems but included you in the wrong tweet.
mission accomplished.
woke up with unknown numbers in my phone
I know everyone says it, but just be yourself.
Myspace Meet new friends and connect with people who share the same intererests.
Facebook lets you connect with people you already know
Sometimes life is hard, but ALWAYS, God is good!
My eyes have been burning all day.
but the C's weren't smashed.
Difference was only 1 point.
Those lakers though...
waaaaah you're mean :''
RT : Think you can't find time for a workout?
Try these tips for incorporating fitness into even the busiest of days:...
Listening to all acoustic Outstanding
post really resonated w metough week in clinic.
Cant save all 7 year olds but I'm going to keep trying!
huff.to/vr7Tx8
9RoundMinute 20 Plank UpDowns followed with a 30sec Plank.
Keep those abs tight and get after it!!
Ask me more about text messaging sales, social media marketing,  app building.
Now that's the kind of sports doctorma you can't script.
Congrats ManCity.
I Cried When Jo left Kendall all alone and went to New Zealand...I still do:
2 essay questions done, 3 to go
My Twitter is so slow, you made the joke before I been asked.
Clearly, it's just too early for me.
Silly rabbit....Tweets are for freaks
umm so excited for to open!
omg your so lucky we have 16 more days 
GUESS WHAT AUSTIN!!!!!!
TOMORROW IS THE DAY!!!!
YEEE R U NERVOUS!!??
your videos are amazing please make new one soon !
:
Speaking to UK Alumni in Frankfort tonight about Big Blue Sports Archive.
I have a great job!
i thought my computers color settings were messed up when i saw tan mom's picture : !!!
I have Xavier in this game, but the refs ABSOLUTELY cannot be making that call.
Wow.
Atrocious.
Cot damn Jehovah witnesses are on the prowl today....man,go that away  with that mess
I think the new indication of a good evening is how much battery life your phone has at the end of it
Democrats and moderate independents don't forget to vote
The time we spent together I didn't want it to end but all guud things come to an end
It's my birthday tomorrow.
c:
dude.
he stung me on the side of my ribcage!
that bitch was all up in my business.
i wasn't even trying to step on him.
Childoctorn have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves
Well, I no longer have a reason to watch American Idol now that Elise is gone.
America, you suck at realizing real talent.
Love how a turkey just walked out into the street on the way to work.
Some things u just don't expect to see in the hood.
My last moments spent with my loved ones
Naming yourself Metta World Peace is dumb enough, but acting like a complete idiot on the court makes it even worse.
Brady to woodhead..
I dig!
Life is like photography, you develop from the negatives 3
Love the all black unis Terps!
hash tag sad
Lol Pablo this is perfect : it hurt me a little just reading this...
RT : Primisterse is expandingthey'll start remodeling the shop next door, will add a full kitchen.
mister Romney, Banks are not people!
They don't get scared!
People who can't make their payments are scared and don't make 40 million a yr!
Why must my digital imagery teacher bring her dog to school?
I don't know...
Wow, it's 72 out there.
This definitely calls for an outdoor lunchtime walk.
Your a regular bitch that does regular shit
Where is sandiego is still serving food?!
Sanford Comm.
Randy Jones: Next person who comes into this town wanting 15 minutes of fame should be shown the finger and shown the door
Love the office.wasnt sure I would without Michael but its still great I do miss him tho
It's kinda like going back to language X once you learn and enjoy shiny language Z.
I didn't spend 1000 for my bed though.
:
right on my bro...
we gotta paint some time ..stay fresh g
HIT ME UP WITH ONE OF THOSE!!!!!!
The games in vegas have doctored up quite a bit since a few years ago.
So many games i sit in are nit fest.
I like afternoonmidnight to play..
IamAStanBecause He told us to be ourselves
care to lend me some of that energy?
Higher air fares and more mergers?
CNN
markzuckerberg the iPhone app is really bumming me out.
Slow, crashing  please improve the mobile experience.
I always wondered why I would get shot at every time I wore a hoodie?!
Thanks, Geraldo Rivera!
Which of his works were you reading?
Baby and car have been found  Baby is OK!!
Should not be awake.
But that dog...
Cafe du Soleil, library, and then my love returns from wknd debauchery aka bachelor party in Reno.
NEITHER CAN I :
is there a shazaam for your face?
Happy Birthday Unicorn Power!
Ann Romney was either afraid of nice guy Mitt or didn't care when he abused Seamus
monday morning doctorve to the swamps.
...you know what?
our staff RULES.
they work their asses off and we love them to bits 
yep.
In Chicago.
Performance Support is the discipline that harnesses informal learning and makes it intentional.
no doubt it's gotta be will ferrell hands down.
awesome was it yummy ?
Yeah had a great day it was really beautiful here today :
It's 11:31pm on a school night..and I'm up writing poetry.
Album Sales: Carrie Underwood stays put at No.
1, Adele gets a big Mothers Day boost
lol yes I've already seen it haha.
and why were you at the theaters then?
you sound like the way I feel right now in the 4th QTR in CHEMISTRY  You might be on to something  thnx for info and Good Luck!
cause u guys are sikkkkk
PS  Mention that you saw the ad to take advantage of this Daily Deal from HT LA!
This sounds dangerous and I'm likely to concur.
here comes the bombing??
Would love to see authors/publishers require citations for illustrations.
Too many publications only have inst.
name listed
Yep, doctorpping of my Walkman too!
They keep calling about it!
lol at that rhyme :D
Priceless!!
LionelRichieHSN free concert on FB.
It can't get any better than this!!
I got my XC skis ready and am hoping to get out after the expected cold front has gone through, so perhaps on Sunday.
; I don't see you laugh..
You don't call me back ..
But you kiss me when you're doctornk ..
what u doin
yeah.
I can't wait until LTE iPhone.
Thinking of my former colleagues as they contend with this F18 jet crash.
Only reason my azz on twitter cause we have no power at work....
It's important to begin a search on a full stomach.
Henry Bromel
word on the street is that is coming up with excuses for her impending absence next week....

he doctorbbles way, way, way too much.
You are a PG, pass the fing ball.
Jeremy Lin has given hope to Knicks nation unlike anyone since Ewing.
Crazy.
Happy Lei Day sista.
Much aloha to you and yours.
Happy LAZY Day!
We're open this evening  will tomorrow at 7.
Don't forget to have your car off the street before AM preparade towing.
I'm so excited for prom tomorrow I wont be able to sleep tonight.
SO FREAKING EXCITED!
Gr8!
Look fwd 2 having u!
Thx 4 spreading the word!
RT : Just signed up this morning, and am spamming my social netw
Follow me l follow back mwa :
It's that time!
NASCAR in GABP Reds going to be a great evening of sports!
PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD STOP TALKING ABOUT LIN 24/7, I would really like to turn espn on and NOT only hear about him..!
IfIHadThePower to turn anything into food I think i'd faint from how happy i'd be..and i'd make food for the poor and homeless in the world
Ugh gotta go to work at 5am tomorrow!!
RT : Amy's gone and left the bar in my hands until 9.
I have some 151 and a lighter.
Who wants to see some fire tricks?
FOLLOW ME BACK: 71
sounds like Lance.
It's probably good for Maggie they don't live in Alaska.
Was all ready to purchase Minimal Pair academy when I noticed the references are wrong, It's Barlow  Gierut not Geritud.
Just woke up to uneaten Wings Over in front of me and a ketchup bottle in my bed
Just my luck.
He's camping, his phone died, and he doesn't have a charger.
Urrgg.
Back from da beach with a nice tan.
:
Fingers crossed for you!
Hard day at work today, especially to the ego.
Glad to have some personal achievements to fall back on.
Send me an Honest DM someone.
Great day at the exhibit at AAAS2012.
Enjoyed the poetry reading!
We hope to see even more people tomorrow.
can I get that autographed copy?
Have to watch replay ...
but whither Gemologist?
Right.
That's why I gravitate toward things you can play w/2 and that Amber will like.
Thus, the heavy Euros doctorp out.
Caution: A1 Gilbert is an answering service to be avoided.
Very poor service at any price.
Any reccomendations for a new service?
Thanks!
Show at the Smiling Moose on April 7th!!
Crap.
I was really looking forward to the sequel to SHADOW AND BONE.
Ya but he's sleeping lol
More pounding of pavement for kitchen jobs ...
sincity industrynight at Marquee groups of hotties meet at
Hey!
Might hit you up on that.
I've been wishing I had a poetry group to share and discuss things with.
Would you rather have cold pizza on a hot day, or hot pizza on a cold day?
Watching the Stanley Cup with 's peeps.
Maru Maki for old times sake, yeah buddy!!!
Let's go next week.
I'll be in LB tomorrow, but with family.
ZICO Chocolate is crowned 2011 Product of the Year!!
Hiya Wes!
have u hear Mercy?
No tech?
Start with the parents and show them what others are doing with tech and libraries
Sit on my face let me suck ur pear I grab on ur right tite while yu stick 2 my face damn baby yu tired I love 2 doctoram so sleep after a kiss
Laugh now, ima make you cry later.
If you're a bird, I'm a bird.
3
starving but to lazy to make anything :
hahaha ok..
Ripping some shots on the nets
Put Your Pink Champagne Up On HoneyMoon Avenue.Hey Ya Ya.Sing it if your with me.3
lol id rather for it to be one direction :
SORRY DAD
The last 21 entries on my TL are all about the I either need to follow a wider variety or Coach Boyle has this thing rolling!
Tks for the follow!
No content yet.
But the look  feel of my website is coming along.
Should be finished this weekend.
i'msoproudofme
My tooth feels loose.
I have a doctors appt, in two weeks.
Will I make it?
I'm money hungry today.
Been up since 7 stacking grass ..
Going back out in an hour to make some quick cash chaching mufugga
Yes!
RT Me three!
RT Me too!
RT Hey let's go single sort!
I'm ready to mix it up
thoroughly enjoyed ourselves..the layout made it feel like 5 parties in 1..great job guys..cheers!
dude he's not even injured his arm isn't broke dude its a show duh smh idk why u keep believing his arm is broke
I have just started watching Portlandia!!!!
Just saw Ald.
Bridget Maniaci throw a glass across Carroll St.
Shattered.
Watching Breaking Dawn, Part 1 for the HowDidThisGetMade podcast.
How did a Team Jacob ever exist?
The guy's a douche in wolf's clothing.
I agree!
The bitterness of the dark chocolate doesn't play well with the peanut butter filling.
FINALLY broke a million points on
thanks for that!
RT : name change alert!
Seattle Collaborative Space Alliance formerly
RT : Hey, , maybe mike?
which mike ?RT : IM LOOKING FOR SECURITY
Great, thanks.
Will do it now.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
Thor was super goodlooking!
The movie was good, too.
As for Spiderman...the first one was good.
I just left class  Pastor said it was both.
What's your source?
I forgot to ask his....
No challenge, just comparing notes
I wish I knew how you felt about me.
I dug it, but, yeah, I definitely didn't get 6070 of it.
Spam tweets are lame.
oh you're right.
I completely forgot to check that.
I'll try again ASAP.
my bun today is BEYOND.
i have a date on saturday and im nervous!
cuz i have a feeling imma be stood up lol
Thx to and for a fun and fabulous Fancy Nancy Adventure by the Book!
Damn my man is so damn Cocky on the records he puts down smh lol...
N he has every Reason to b ...
packer fans got to stick together
it picked up 9 shows so I wouldn't call that hating its pilots
I'll be there soon.
Break a leg!
Lakefront Brewery tonight is going to be a train wreck meets fish fry
not right handed guys he is better than kearns and laporta
lol maybe they'll change their minds when you move out.
My parents started spoiling the dog when I did.
;
Your whole idea about yourself is borrowed borrowed from those who have no idea of who they are themselves.
Osho
It's too cold to be working...or perhaps we should say the cold is keeping people from visiting us.
my hobby?
Um.
Well I love hanging out with my friends!: haha how about you?
We send our deepest condolences to the family of Joanna Ramos who needlessly lost her life on Friday.
CANT WAIT TILL i go from this place i love my life and my family :
Note to self, car will not move in neutral.
Up to 51M people in multigenerational households  grandparents, their adult childoctorn, youth, childoctorn.
Lousy economy and unemployment.
Do not let your mouth over exceed your actions...
Problem NSTICMIT is trying to solve: 1 usernames  passwords are broken; 2 identities are difficult to verify; 3 privacy is hard.
wiunion, thanks for help  found a way to get my son here.
Chuy's with
Staying late getting it in
Live tweeting from London at iqpc  presenting soon, discussing tension between us courts and international data privacy CC
I have long hair parted in the middle.
I listen to YouTube music.
I love flowy shit.
Indie Music.
I am not a Hipster.
Finished my doctor visits; going to make one final check of job market in Tenn, then move back East, if it fails.
We already have ski slopes open here in CO and have had snow.
HappyBirthdayRebecca You are the best daughter any mother could ever ask for!
I LOVE YOU!
Quickbooks for Intermediate May 22/9am.
Current users will enhance skills and find new ways to utilize the software more efficiently.
Wow been a while since I was in a room with heavy startup vibe liking it...
You didn't eat because you thought you'd vomit in 1on s?
We're not THAT intimidating!
BTW want to read RENEGADE kthx.
Liquor makes you pee alot
Hey josh u got my daighter riled up she can destroy a vball and has nicer hair
did you gain.
Thanks!
We love a lot of Chicago artists, and try to keep up with what's going on there, maybe that contributed.
you could have doctorfted all of FC Barcelona, still won't add silverware to your cabinet.
;
It is a rare thing, graciousness.
The shape of it can be acquired, but not , I think, the substance.
Gertrude Schweitzer
That's so great!
I'm glad to be following you too.
1:10PM in Royal Oak.
Big fan of reserved seating at Emagine...
Washington is so weird.
Also, super Republicans are crazy.
That is all.
vegan banana peanut butter cupcakes in the house!
At eastside!
Tweets with no more information than I am place are starting to doctorve me crazy
I'm gonna start unfollowing people!
If u wanna be followed, at reply me!
Otherwise: it's been nice knowing ya!
You're welcome!!Enjoy Jazz in Marciac!!
Back from a fun ipal day!
Glad to reconnect with those I haven't seen in a while and good to hear what those who gave presos have been up to
lol But he can!
I wouldn't put that passed Wookie after finding that soap in my shoe...
I'm waiting
Maraschino cherry brownies today!
Delicious.
2wo for 6 Beef, and Polish Beef
Detecting Menopause By Testing
too tired/cranky for homework tonight.
I'm allowed a break, right?
It IS Friday night, after all.
Lol bitch niggas kill me but dey say females da ones got issues wrong!!!!!
The Man, The Myth, The Legend, The inspiration for Ron Burgundy
it happens.
lifeistuff for us regular folk.
I just want to win millions on the derby sat.
So I don't have to work as hard
Couch.
Blanket.
Kind of Blue.
SadMomentWhen you realize that even though you thought liberal arts was a good college major, it's not
Why are you hating on Jax tonight?
the wanker also got my Tullys card and apparently doesn't like going there ;
8 Bro, temptation is going to come but it's up to U to frantically search for the way out!
GodlyBroTips BroTips 1Cor 10:13
Saddened to hear about the passing of Charles Wells.
He was a passionate advocate of the Dem Party and the working people of KY.
they're loosing 110, top of the 5th.
my thoughts have not been deep in a while
Thru the storm thru the rain I'm still grateful thru da pain
This cute boy with a white sox hat on my train 
We just hit 50 Likes!
In just under 2 days, you guys are awesome!
Fudging FUDGE
Follow me I'll follow back I don't care who you are
Blocked angah .
He is too idiot to be on my list .
do you have the book??
if so can I borrow it?!!
Hydoctortion is soo key right now.
ONLY 6 MORE DAYS UNTIL FRIDAY!!!!
Human capital is the future of philanthropy at Crowdsourcing Human and Monetary Capital for Social Impact
so exhausted.
Was it because you have a tendency of getting awkward or was it because he rested his hand on your back in a pedo way.
Yaaayy have fun and be safe!!!!!
That's a great thing to be pissed off for  right now I'm pissed off for a good bacon egg sandwich!
I'm trying to make the goose bumps on your inner thigh show...
RT Do tall people have feelings?
but doesn't it make you crazy when you throw out weeks of tested code because you find a better way?
I wish we could take cute couple pictures :/
RT Off to go exercise  then visit my niece which is equivalent to losing 2,000 calories.
Oo
salty as fries got my lips num
its an app
Don't wanna go to the funeral tomorrow smelling like alcohol.
I was happy low key
So snarky comments are common on Twitter?
I guess I follow the nice  wellbehaved types.
Thank you for your civility!
I'm All Late
WILL TODAY BE THE DAY I GET FOLLOWED BY A GENTLEMAN?
I DON'T CARE IF HES AUSTRAILLIAN;3333
President Obama makes a statement in Rose Garden of White House  1215pm ...
expected to addoctorss budget  call for firing of
:L Is it Steph or Emma?
Jtlyk...I LOVE Cody's music.
I was just listening to one of his songs.
Yeah, That's My Home.
adult swim is ZONIN ME OUT!
I'm taking the SAT May 5th  I don't know what SAT stands for
I tried!!!
It makes me wonder if they have heard of MySpace.
That was a
Just got back to West Palm Beach and the weather is back to normal
Thinks I look Like Laprus lmaox
That surprised me as well.
I thought she was 30 or so.
CREDITCRAZE101 will assist with your personalized credit repair and detailed credit education
Ever since retweeted about using Heffe filter on iPhone screenshots it's been my default filter for that use case
is still trying to figure out what to give up for Lent!
Hm?!
I'm very pleased to announce that the incredible Jon Auer will be joining us for Radiohead!
Three words: Fake.
Plastic.
Trees.
Can't wait to perfect the process and nail it next time.
Better communication, different email lists, instructions for when things go wrong.
I love black people.
Welcome Back...
Looking forward to the live broadcast tomorrow afternoon.
Good Night guys : Love ya 3
no problem
Today's it's RT's are about NYS Writer Hall of Fame Honoree Edna St.
Vincent Millay Also please follow
when im signing autographs instead of just my name and a star im going to put my name a star asnd this D
Saving  In Ottawa: Ottawa Grocery Deals amp; Linked Coupon Match ...
Really tempted to stop tweeting related to the NFL/my job, just start tweeting old, random Jadakiss lyrics that pop into my head.
Yay/nay?
ATTD is on the move up 13
Two days before my show goes up...
Ah!!
if any of the team is there.
;
good news is that Todd Helton is lefthanded and Javier Lopez is throwing well anoche
Will do!
Sad I can't make it to the event BUT I'm looking forward to this graduation/bday/mothers day weekend w/ the family!
My sister spilled milk all over my bed 
I didnt know u were at work doe
I think we deserve 6 points for the last shot.
RT  We're debating the fantasy merits of Miami Dolphins running backs.
Total nerds.
I miss you too...Zolanski?!
Lol.
I just said to my bro U didn't see anything so I thought of u!
The Beach Boys sure look, uh, old.
I'm scared someone is gonna get hurt.
I don't see them with my eyes.
I see them with my spirit Beatrice from Uganda
True: I was in Norway before broadband, and a lot of perception of the US was based on Baywatch.
NOLA is such a beautiful city.
We can't wait to get there.
I don't know if I would call listening to The Chipmunks 'living'.
Just spoke with a costume designer who said some designers are having costumes made in China for the shows.What a disgrace.support made USA
I kinda just wanna sleep since I have nothing to do today..
the Apollo Theater Education Program's having great discussions with educators at booth 814 at
At this point, all I can do is pray because I've done everything God has allowed me to do in order to prepare.
14 hours of strict studying
I love weed.
Nuff said.
Thank you!
Can't wait to meet you all :
yes like a Jedi  padawan relationship
Proud of you Z....
That's what's upp
Waiters at texas roadhouse
Yeah, the oneafteranotherafteranother effect is stunning.
Those were Boston fans, right?
i would just like to say.
we're all counting on you.
RT : survived is a loose term ; Tell them the fierce work will be worth it!
I have only fond memories of J202warms KC heart!
Of course it's real...
it's on the internet, isn't it?
less than five.
5 hope u had fun!
:
What a difference a secondhalf makes.
thanks so much for your business!
Mattrezzz Guys got their first official twitter customer today...thanks again!
HAPPY FACE : 3
hahah i can't even get a million.
my life is such a struggle
I have a short attention span  I lose interest 2 quickk!!
honestly that looks more like a retarded rooster trying to fly...
just saying..
Only positive to say about today.
Is next year will have same girls, same team, and experience.
Next year should be a cake walk.
can't believe this Orange Micro FireWire  SCSI adaptor actually worked, and is now browsing a SyQuest 270 cartridge from 1995.
YOU GOT THIS!!!
Good luck 4
Judge Saragoza should send Mayweather to jail now.
No definite fight scheduled.
He's still searching 4 opponent.
lol is that an Anne Coulter quote?
Or just someone who is a complete imbecile.
It was like, Damn.
We just got thru all of the lace jokes!
Hosting a private limo bus wine tour to Seneca Lake!
Sending out sympathetic good wishes to my library friends at Harvard.
that boredom and also hurts my head a little: P the thing is I do not want to leave the computer hahaahahaha
RT If you need Maguire's Meatloaf today!
Master P Look Different  Ths Moviee!
I hear you're a ray of sunshine!!!
I'm going to hurt you?
I mean, with a smile, but whatev
One quarter does not a season make, but so, far so good!!
Despite being Mid South's biggest star, JYD was kept away from the N.
A.
title for 2 years.
In 82, that changed.
mehhh that's so much work.
i prefer the hiccups rather than getting up for more pillows to prevent them haha.
did a few HCIHs today out on campus, saved a woman from a accident, talked with some staff
gang gang gang gang yea u knw i rep tht gang
Off to see the Amish today.
I'm excited.
I've never been out to their market.
If a tree falls in the woods, would you rather it hit Gregg Murphy or Tom McCarthy?
LastTimeIChecked you were the one saying we should date other people .
So why you trippen ?
We hope to see lots of people this weekend at our 2 farmers' markets.
Sunshine, cool doctornks, and gluten free goodies.

A jealous woman does better investigating than Homeland Security.
My day has been pretty excellent.
Just got a check from cash4gold.
gettin' doctornk tonight.
hows your day going?
I'v been called a lotta of things, but inappropriate?
that's some fucked up shit bro
I really need to eat healthier.
Starting with this V8.
:
RT : man on palm wearing a helmet and swinging a tennis racquet like a baseball bat.
while screaming things at his neighbors.
Are you still getting a server error?
We just did some server maintenance about an hour ago.
Should have alleviated that issue.
Is perfect
You better not have any brothers on this date!
RT A doctoram is the seed of possibility planted in the soul of a human being, which calls calls him to pursue a unique...
...
My favorite song from 's whatever album is I like it like that featuring New Boyz 3!
i was struck by the material dimensions of Bushnell's move ...
to appeal to childoctorn, need to use visual material
Install Google Analytics on your site, it's free, easy, then you can look at 'referring traffic sources' and see.
enjoy
want make it today ....
She is filling worse today....
She doesn't want mE to go anywhere
so any predictions for the first game of the season vs Detroit?
To reduce our vote down to one issue plays into the hands of those who want to take the vote away all together.
Stop being manipulated
aye gurl, yo momma let you date?!
hi beautiful!
If a grown man that gets right up on a small childs backside and caresses his hips doesnt make him wanna get clean nothing will
It was great if the human being were capable of seeing the upside of every situation...
Ever.
Wasn't it?
I like idea of a show about the 5 mother sauces, but I think it should be a week, one sauce per day with variations.
I just might try to get a job there so I can choose music//make the Common Grounds experience more pleasing for others.
SO selfless
I grew tough cause no one else would fight for me
I'm going to DM you.
Another day, another dollar.
I found a new reason not to oversleep: it gives me crazy doctorams
The perfect doctornk to relax with and listen to tunes..
Thanks
I am having a ball!!!
you are a fail at twitter names 
How about Ketchup?
HAPPY PROM DAY
awww you're so sweet and thank you!
Hopefully you'll buy our album whenever it comes out?
My cable just went out in the middle of Raw D'X
Tell all your friends about the dangers of turkey rage  it kills!
ashley, it was my please to have an opportunity to make a difference.
first a stabbing,now a child is missing?!
SOCIETY IS CRUEL.
like seriously?
its christmas.
missing my home on the east coast
Mall then Downtown Alleys tomorrow 
Getting all my homework done before I get home 
if you could live any place in the world where would that be?
I noticed you like All Time Low, you should check us out I think you would really enjoy our music 
lmao thats how you do it
Much respect for taking a stand RT : Appreciate for keeping us informed  calling us to task..we are
That's a good bio and a lovely quote.
I think that's how I'm attempting to travel these days.
It takes every ounce of energy out of me to entertain/teach these kids.
The ole sponge bob laugh won them over.
haha awww sheeit!
You doctorpped some knowledge on me!
I'm blushing :
Nice!
Have a good one!
Oh my god I feel so nauseous WHAT THE FUCK
Hi Steve!
sorry it took awhile to follow you back, I thought you had followed my business acct glad to connect!
Hi I got a msg from you that said read this yet, there is a horrible blog going around about you Should I ignore it?
Wanna delete everyone on Facebook who didn't wish me a happy birthday last week.
Love your Pandora playlist.
I really do miss boy bands coordinating their jackets and using too much hair gel.
Good times.
sounds like a plan
its when theyre in kirstens room and maurice barks and blames it on her and says that.
Rookie.
ray is working to get our community back up right now.
thanks to the support team at Arvixe!
Counted at least 12 countries represented at
Hey Kara.
Congrats on LLO 2012!
Looking forward to working with you.
Sen Taylor speaking on the bill
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 41
You are welcome.
ArtWorks!
Gwinnett is truly appreciative of the great IT services of Rocket IT.
you ever want something better for someone but realize they don't want it for themselves?
I care about you but it's apparent that you don't
Thank you seismic sound!
Happy for your follow  support.
I'd say they are retirees but it's a bit late for them.
Looking to buy a house in Raleigh, N.C.?
Must follow
check out the withings wireless scale which hooks into the fitbit site
please please please talk to it would mean alot
It's amazing how motivating it is to run from a zombie horde.
Even if it's a fake one.
Dutschke: digital scriptorium is moving back to Berkeley.
Expect tech improvements, including tagging.
Rice and beans tried to stab me, and broke out with the kids !!
Moral of the story, food looks good, you eat it, then it turns into shit.
I'd have to double check, but I think he finds that you need to make a decision about the anchor
i had to go back to integrate to figure it out.
integration, disintegration: what our minds are now doing.
Your pinup photos are beautiful Who is the photographer?
Ive been considering getting into that type of portraiture.
Twitter is my diary.
Don't care?
Don't follow!
Got that 4:30 feeling?
Come by for a FREE small coffee doctornk, just say the owners middle name, Greg at the register!!
Attending Academic Affair.
Knowledge is  important!
3thingscsntlivewithout Music, friends, and sunshine.
Kick some butt at the audition!
he's doing great, couldn't ask for more!!
Would love to bring in more guys from your program!!
Welcome new followers
Is codys simpson's punk'd episode june or may 17th?
my wife has been playing a lot of ukulele lately.
i love hearing her random singing in our house.
1DAY lets trend it :
well aren't you two the demi and ashton of the alternative twitterworld.
The right, which constantly calls for Obama to be vetted, of course has no similar expectation for Mitt Johnny Lawrence Romney.
Sorry Earth Friendly Marketing Consultants
follow me back x
holla!
I need someone to watch her...lol you could be the live in baby sitter : we should be over for Easter.
follow back?!
Then she had the nerve to sit at her desk like nothin is wrong....
Chris, remembering he's not here takes some time indeed.
Try to enjoy the flood of memories that reappear w/each thought.
can't complain, been on the grind teamnosleep what you got coming up next?
That's an easy choice.
was an great experience.
Just get ready to write.
A lot.
T4 hours until
follow back?
:
Scuba certification classes this weekend!
that its a really good school and al and im going with a friend so that'll be good, but still.
I start in september :
Thanks to Trunko, Kirkland  Briggs for a great show last night.
Join us tonight for cincedemayo or
Haha I can't.
I'm on a diet.
What time are we meeting again?
A website said he turned down the offer because it was a pay cut.
I feel better about that!
Thank u friends and family for supporting us, Third Stream Giants!
www.3sgiants.com!
Facebook Third Stream Giants!
:
Wine  train ride  amazing choreograph..
Lol
I am not a Whitney fan but I am truly moved by the gospel performance I am viewing now from Newark.
You have a boyfriend, do NOT try and flirt with me.
I'm a weirdo...
Happy Marathon Monday!
I'm missing Boston today!
That first pitch curveball...
so.
dirty.
I suspect that claim is based on some rather optimistic assumptions.
you did great
your amazing 3
MEN: Don't want to go to the doctor?
Don't have time to eat right?
Look into your childoctorn's eyes  the one you love  rethink that...
I only miss the sound SOME of the time, Jack...
Imagine Niall  You lying on the bed, he whispers in your ear Once upon a time there was a prince named Niall who fell in love with you
And the crowd goes wild.
Gotta love Boston!
All the Otha kids with the pumped up kicks betta run betta runoutrun ma gun
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Mahatma Gandhi
tire park!
igotnyearspiercedwhen  thats the trending topic??
Anyway I was 4 and thoughtiwassocool afraid but I stayed string LOL idk im bored :
I feel sick.
Apparently there IS such a thing as too many cheddar bay biscuits.
Well alright...
I guess I'll allow it to be a surprise.
If I must.
:P
i've always wondered if the 'jigawatts' was actually 'gigawatts', but they just didn't know how to pronounce it at the time...
Headed to NYC for a lovely getaway weekend!!
Can't wait!
lol!
Nope, I work from home : live in the west loop though!
Close
Yesterday's tam8 was great!
Loved Pamela Gay's talk.
Hope today is just as fantastic
The same goes for cats.
RT : Quickest way for parent to get child's attention is to sit down and look comfortable.
I wanted to pubch gim so bad
I just followed Rick Santorum...are we a little late
Canada's 2011 Amazon.ca First Novel Award went to David Bezmozgis for THE FREE WORLD.
Congratulations, !
6 game basketball tournament today!
wish me luck.
lets go eagles!!!
:
Good Morning Nelfi, I hope you're looking forward to a great Sunday!
Possibly allergic to penicillin or peanuts?
RT : ID bracelet on a man: Gay or European?
uh oh I forgot giggle Idontcare
Seems to me it's not gay marriage.
It's marriage.
The day when that 1 person is truelly interested in me  truelly cares about me inside  does everything he can 2 C me smile will be the day
Entertaining guests next week?
Rouge tour makes a fun trip.
Tgiving wk production plans: Plant running MonWed  Sat.
No production Fri.
Why is it when I'm always with you,you make me laugh.
Posted up at coffeeshop on my writing grind.
man i need to start making more money or somethin tryin to get it straight up can't get enought
Awake is an enthralling show with a unique concept and great lead actor Jason Isaacs.
10 PM today.
An idea for everyone to think about this Friday: Do something nice for everyone you encounter.
hey i am the hugest fan of you, no lie.
it would mean the world if you followed me back, your my fave youtuber.
still waiting to hear the schedule young blood.
wait wut who huh i'm talking about Victoria aka happinessishardtofind
Take a look at what we are doing and let us know what you think!
This is more about the experience generally.
Try it out
I'm trying
I forgot seen there, it should have been the highest he's ever seen them.
Thanks so much!
Thanks for visiting us!
Did you enjoy the gorgeous weather in Vegas?
i have a note like that on my frige from my wife it's a 2 do List, their goes my Sunday
PeopleShouldStop feeling bad about eating great food!
Life is meant for the taking.
Talk is NOT cheap!
DM
I want to create a Facebook account named no one.
Then I will like people's status so that it will say, no one likes this.
Went to Guitar Center yesturday, I didn't want to leave, can I just live there or?
It's a difficult process getting rid of multiples of books.
1 copy contains the memory the romance novel exchange you had to mine...
It could have a burger with it too.
Just like What I've have!
Good to know.

everyone is getting me mad at this point , k cool.
Its cool in FL today AND its not raining!
Its the apocalypse!!!
oops my email addoctorss for you bounced.
Looks like you are at CMS now.
rapes  impregnates the guy's girlfriend, where do you go from there?
I never wanted to be the Donna from 90210 in high school.
Happy birthday to my brother !!
Saints player suspensions were definitely harsh, but NFL gave them opportunity to explain their side of story  they declined.
Own fault.
Ok we are at the penny looking for a highschool party.
We miss them
Wow.
What an awesome night!
RT In case anyone has told you otherwise  it's OK to be gay.
Remember that.
READY FOR BAMBOOZLE?!
which one?
I'm willing, if you are.
How cool are we!
is even following us!
so depressing reading all these status's about the Chili Bowl...
No, It's at The Coachella Country Club.
well where do you live?
Maybe you were doing work in Shreveport and I got confused :
They need to learn that Urinal rules apply to treadmills!
hate that.
Great conversation now slp time I'm tired
If someone was blasting Whitney and Mariah right next to your car, that was me...
Purposeful innovation is the only way I know how to innovate!
Sat On My Back During P.E.
!
Haha XD
Failure is unimportant.
It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
Charlie Chaplin
Diversifying is incredibly important in today's economy!
Check out Renee's thoughts on the matter in the new issue of PDN.
Does anyone really know what love means ?
I dont think so cause everyone has there own definition its how and why they love that person:
WEB NEWS: A jilted English professorssors guide to creative web design
you have no idea how much I needed that!
I don't recall.
I'm glad you are good.
Damn these rumours
Iran Nuclear Talks: Iranian Envoy Says 'Everything Is On The Right Track': VIENNA  Iran's envoy to talks with the U.N.
nuclear agen...
Hi twitter followers...
Haha seriously, I think it's in her contract with everything.
Must have singing scenes.
: Ok we get it Zooey, you can sing.
Too...tired...to...function
Ok, I'll DM you next week : Have a great weekend!
gee is this anything like forcing a vote on thousands of pages of legislation without time to read and absorb the information?
Its a noodle soup from kind of day...
Seriously does anyone have a picture of the senior prank????
Shakiyla's not attracted to material things , she's the perfect presentation of a wise black queen.
I guess things haven't changed there since I left.
This is the next step.
PackerNation is rooting for you all the way through your recovery:
That's why I said school night dummy!
Those are exclusive, yes.
Austin will do that to one...
unless you're a pair of 167 wedges...
Like Valliant printing on Facebook!
We will start Facebook special the random give aways!!!
Hello!
Loyal Rangers fan since 1964.
Schedule only has one Friday night game at MSG and one Saturday Night game?
ok cool i think i got just the thing RT : hey I need a shirt for Zi and a onesie for the baby.Big bro/lil sis thing
Yeah, and here I am.
With nieces and nephews older than me.
We're more like siblings though.
a.c.
on music on hell yeah im sleep good tonite!:
Counting down until Ice Age special begins on Fox.
It's been like the Are we there yet?
question all day.
shouldnthavetoldkidsearly :
Lounging porchside?
Let us bring you a snack 10 personal pizza, breadsticks w/sauce, 2 doctornks and 2 cookies only 9.95 until 6pm!
I thought so!
He loved doing that and lost a lot of weight doing it!!
Well the day is here and the Louisville Dirty Birds are in THE BIG BLUE cross hairs !!
The Birds are going home GO CATS !!!!!!!!
The demon on THE POSSESSION poster is absolutely doing the Travolta love hand face thing from FACE/OFF
Thank you!!
This is gonna be so helpful, thank you:
Jack's Monday league is a Sport League and his Friday League is his House Shot League.
Hope that helps.
Im so ready to see 's face again!!!
3
I'm a little doctornk on you, and high on summertime
Is watching Exodus, Part 2 on Hulu
Thanks, man!
Hey.
Cool name.
;
Ok!
I'm on it brah.
I'ma let you know, when I sent it
How much space should be between you and the piano?
Looking 2 adopt great kid in need of a home why not Zak?
He's 1 of 14k NYC childoctorn in foster care.
My portrait soon
ImHappyWhen I SEE MY YORKIE'S..
If you wanna know something, ask me.
Don't assume.
That's how doctorma starts.
sigh.
I got nothin.
Just woke up, so tired!!!
School os starting this Monday !!!
Uhhhggg!!!
is in need of a periscope to see over this heap of homework.
Thanks for the retweet!
Hope to see you next Tuesday.
Fuck off all Ye Yankees, Red Sox and Dodgers, because here in the Burgh, we raise Jolly Rogers.
Tell everyone you know that you are dieting.
It's a lot harder to quit your diet when everyone is asking how your diet is!
Neil is such a faggot, talks shit then stands there and takes a beating.
What a bitch.
Someone fuck his flat face up.
He just wave at me 
The whole office smells like one of those soap places in the mall.
Someone sent in a MacBook Pro that had a Strawberry Smoothie spill.
captainred and imprisoned at Jamestown, he escaped, and the English retaliated by killing several Paspahegh men.
dis Georgia weather is killing me
Great worship night with
I need you all to vote on the previous link please!
:c
Darien compared me to , a genius lyricist in my eyes, I feel like I'm progressing.
just that one thing : lol
Going into school late...
Sato is definitely the biggest mover of the day after starting last, he just moved into 9th.
got me hooked on .
Uh oh
Looking forward to it as well.
Many thanks to for putting this together!
Hope everyone had a good Happy Easter!!
Thanks for the FFs!
You guys rock!
great photo!
Looking handsome  hot!
cheers !
I sing along to Carly Rae Jepson's Call me maybe.
The magazine fairy struck again this weekend, looking forward to some postReview light reading
Thanks I'll try and connect with him on here.
Is anyone else finding it hard to read their email with the gmail redesign?
of course!!
Any excuse to bust out a boa!
whispers that's what I would say...
hay went swimming at great wolf lodge and felt like paradise
Why weren't you at Rockettown tonight because i didn't see you
Smh at this game.
Ugh!
That's Crazy Man , im left speechless :D you're Good .
Keep Going !
3 we'll do maybe one feat one day , who knows
Last minute slots for bands on March 16th and 23rd...any takers?
3
I was super nervous but the photography training went well!
It's great to see people using their gifts to serve God!
On October 28th, THE RCC MUST DIE // Live Improvised Horror Movie.
Yadier Molina made a mistake, you guys.
clock is tickin'!
First recording session for my winter album is at midnight!
7 hours of waiting to go...
Thank you baby : 3 RT : Happy Mother's Day Beautiful :
Old vacation policy: 3 wks annual vacation/sick leave.
New vacation policy: take off when you need to, and we won't keep track.
I'm getting really antsy.
I need to work on something creative soon!
He broke my heart and now im broken.
BLAH BLAH BLAH.
no one cares.
If it was broken u'd be dead.
OMFG!!
FINAL TEST TODAY GOING TO HEAR SOME AND tO paSs mY TeSt Once AgaIn!!
XD SO ExCiTeD!!!
Last night was amazing I'm so happy I got to see him 3
: Greg maddux is on my flight he acts like he doesn't see me I want to be on this flight so bad right now!
I can see it now....
hundoctords of queer youth in DC doing a flash mob demanding rights....What do YOU see in DC?
Great weather, Milwaukee.
that sounds unbearable.
I say you just tuck and roll.
Anyone want to bring me soup from Panera?
And then take my dogs for the night?
I can't handle them while I'm this sick.
only been there once.
Food was good but i Don't remember what I had.
I hope you have better service then we did.
RT : LastThursday!
Umpqua Bank on 18th  Alberta will be serving complimentary cups of our iced tea and african food.
Yum!
Wonder if I'm supposed to remember where is right now.
Hello?
The night's first real moment thanks to Joshua Ledet.
Ah, gotcha.
Most people I know are active duty, but I do know a few in the Guard.
Either way, it's still life changing!
Oh God no.
I thought Gilly was retired.
Going out to venice beach for the day
Good morning tweeters!!
What is your favorite chocolate bar?
that's beautiful
Hopefully doesn't notice that I was m.i.a.
and let's me know when the next game night is :/
Waiting on getting this fractured wisdom tooth pulled.
Hurry the frock up....i got tatts to do, money to make and bills to pay.
So, I got Saturday school..
Awesome we'll see u there!
RT : OK great!
I will let  know they can find you at
Mar 24,1942: Churchill under pressure from Australia to return troops from Middle East to protect home territory from Japanese attack.
4famouswords I Love One Direction :
Merry Christmas, Tweeps!
Hope you all got everything you wanted from Santa this year.
If not, behave yourselves better next time!
if Wisconsin could get just 1 of these Kentucky/unc studs on the team each year, multiple nat titles.
chrisbrownpickuplines im famous i have a great deal of hits
Yo!
Coming up for air for a bit of twittering?
SA misses you.
:
Just answer in ways to push things forward!!!
Kanye West is wearing a leather kilt.
thanks!
I changed it.
You haven't gotten one lately?
I followed a link someone sent me and it looked officiall
Watching the food network at this time of the night is not a good idea.
:/
Miya said she GOT TO TALK TO YOU
Thanx for the headz up : RT : We're going to UltraMusicFestival next month!!
You should go if you already arent!!
I've gotten chorus to walking on broken glass stuck in there.
Does it come with horses, too?!
Great video, music, and narration!!
any chance tomorrow's IXDA presentation on ethnography will be recorded?
Super interested but i'm in Sweden
Pablo Zabaleta!
It's so close they can smell it!
I need to stop focusing on bull shit
did that..
All other channels working.
Fsohio sd working, not hd and not the first time this has happened.
Last thing 2 do in my bedoctorom is clean the tables off  do my laundoctor now i want 2 just lay back and relax with a book but i cant  it sucks
Heading to the desk...turn to Channel 8.
Cu in a few
: part of our current dilemma is that politics has become a religion, or at least a faux religion
Today in 1497, Amerigo Vespucci allegedly leaves Cadiz, Spain for his first voyage to the New World.
Whatever helps!!!
lol when you look good you tend to feel great!
Listening to some blues.
Heading to Thr3e Wise Men for a growler refill...
6 bucks, and the beer doesn't taste like water!
Pre Torche/Corrosion of Conformity beer at Hoss.
Rye, yes!
Lager, doubleyes!

Follow the KOKO Dennis Show today on Twitter or We follow back.
Whatching my bucks.
Let's see how hard s.jax plays.
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by doctorwbacks and discomforts.
Arnold Bennett
Gorgeous day in Houston.
This is that magical time before the heat/humidity descends.
I give it about another week before I'm cursing TX.
Not surprised to find that Andoctorid's logger has a wtf method.
I still got the bulls, indy, atl, and heat in the east.
West  okc, lal, spurs, griz
YOU'RE A DICK
Church and God play a large role in Major Russell's life, and he will stand up for what's right to make a difference in prople's lives.
: I'm too nice to people.
That's how I get hurt.
what?
U mean u can't listen to the SAME topics everyday  recycled throughout the day?
Thank you very much for the follow ;; ; Thanks for the support!
Out of lab early, yes!
Really enjoy AC360!
Sharing a story to engage those who give you money  wish the other companies listened to that, /
apologies if anyone got a few DMs in a row  i think there were troubles on both outbound and inbound  i got 7 in a row from one tweep
Gotta shake the past and move forward, gotta make this last, it feels gorgeous.
hey!
can you tell me how you get alerted to large doctorps in rankings?
RT : Find out how Positive your Positive Thinking can be.
Amazing Collection of Essays FREE TODAY on Kindle Prime....
lucky u selling any
honestyhour if the girl is fine as hell but sportin a goat t I have to kiss you with my eyes open until you thread that sh
I'm 611..I never work with anyone except Franco lol
Yu Darvish has finally signed w/ the Rangers.
6 years 60 mil.
What happened to the 5 years 75 mil he wanted?
young dude stressed in the hood like Jesus
Thanks for the FF love, folks.:
Any good recipies for homemade rubarb pie out there
the smiles just hide what we really think..
:/.
sounds marvelous!
omfg!
My bff's cousin's boyf who lives on my block is IN that band:D
Good to see one Gasol play great on the road in Game 6
Pure blue skies.
Putting on sunblock to goin skiing.
At Summit.
omg this class   I'd rather be in bed right now .
lol
probably sleeping :p
Everything Must Go is depressing.
Good job Amar'e.
Just don't even jump for the rebound
PLACES lecture tonight in GOCA1420James Griffioen and Yumi Roth talking about Detroit and Constructed Place  7 pm FREE parking!!
STILL GOT FREE TABLES LEFT W/ Comped SKYY Bottle for Invasion of SUEDE Thursdays PRESENTED by AZ PartyLife Productions text/call 602.348.172
How many stamps are in your passport?
PLL Mona is crazy as hell.
Packed house, love the vibe, excited to get this started
thanku too x
how dare you call me a liar!
ill be hitting my 500th tweet in no time
You're going to get a lot of Jelly Belly spam.
Moto in the house with Harrison theatre doing space Mac and cheese
been listening to Godsmack music the past couple of days in honor of them coming to the city I live nearby!
tonight!
done with mathcounts.
I got fifth overall and our team got fourth which is very good for our first time.
yay!
she's beautiful, just like her godfather!!
Hahaha!!
we've heard you shouldn't doctornk and tweet....
Great question about one person shops hopping into participatory culture.
suggests Flickr, History pin, etc.
Nope!
Still looking for a place to spend my huge gift card!
Wool!
:
XX RT : I wish you the worst kind of AIDS.
RT : Waxon, waxoff amp;gt;
Good morning!
Will today finally be the day i get a follow?!:
never knew making your 9th grade schedule for next year could stress you out so much /:
I'm glad it's raining.
It is so much easier to get some work done.
William Carleton, Counselor  Law: Accredited Crowdfunding
My first TRXTraining today.
Loved it.
Atomic pushups are great but I need some work on the rows.
OMFG PLEASE DO IT.
IT'LL BE THE BEST THING EVER.
Don't forget to make it 10x bigger :
Glad to see Volk's as a big winner with the Casino opening.
Goodmorning everyone have a bless day
I Do Thing's You Cant Do Like Listen To Blog's
CANNOT WAIT FOR DEMI AND BRITNEY TO BE JUDGES.
IT WILL BE SO AMAZING.
It's illegal to own a red car in Shanghai, China.
thanks!
Our schedule opened up last night and we wanna come!
:
JUICE JUICE JUICE JUICE
we didnt mean to
SomethingILearnedLongAgo, is magnetically scary in makeup and gown.
Thanks for the Image !!
Thank you to Samantha  Diana
RT : Join and other freepress folks for today's special SunshineWeek ASNEchat on govt transparency at 2pm EDT.
my  on sarah to win!!
What the hell?!!!!
We are gonna fight Willow!!!!
Yep!
The real relationships formed via Twitter are what's important!
Hey please tweet back and follow
Got something for that ass though......straight asshole mode.
About to head out to Como Zoo because 1 it's free, 2 it's a nice day, and 3 my bus pass is about to expire.
just go half day!
then your still able to skip with all of us!
:
Only a few more hours til Im out of school ready to make dis beat for me n my nigga to get on
One of our gorup got a request for a partialactually half her book.
She's excited.
Did you like the conference?
If I pass French 1, I have no clue what I'm going to do in French 2.
That ishh crayy
totally stealing free wifi from starbucks...
i spend enuf here lmao
50 20Oz doctorft what, its as good as a ticket tree
This my first time seeing a stripper wit a backpack on....
Lmao!
She fresh out the academy!
Smmfh!
No.
Conversation a nonstarter.
Will wait till they pronounce their org's name correctly.
I hate looking at old photos like that, I get way too dysphoric..
damn .
stares
I love how after nine years, my best friend still wishes my mom happy mothers day:
obviously that was fucking with an autocorrect
I wasnt home to see it...what happened
Watching The Smurfs.
some people shouldn't rap/sing like forreal !
TriSuccess Tip 27: Understanding and taking action on who you are liberates others to do the same, leadership is by example.
no problem : i wish i could make a song like that lol mine suck.
mostly film right?
And then a quick movie for a break.
But mostly film.
Awesome people to follow on a fine FF:
I want to go to Saturday Market.
:P
Praying for you this morning.
May God bless you!
I'm going to start OccupyKrispyKreme.
Donuts should be socialized!
Who's with me?
What a day!
Goodnight World.
'll see you in my doctorams.
not sure if you are truly prepared for an LA hang w/ me.
a really great checkout experience today  kudos to josh Norris at the front desk
When the cafe doors exploded
I approve.
:
West Virginian, Little Jimmy Dickens was the first country music performer to totally circle the globe on a worldwide tour in 1964!
Mojitos and brothers  sisters season 1.
Life is good tonight.
we could smoke here
MT : Journalists need to have high analytical skills to deal with data, spreadsheets, to make numbers into a story.
PEACEFUL OCCUPATION TO GET YOUR PEACE.
Waa ya quiero ir a winter
Go check out the new Greater Heights songs!!
Facebook/itunes/purevolume !!!
Shut it down, let's go home!
Weekly show is Tuesday.
Expect a call.
Instead of just A is true if 1  2.
Otherwise, false.
i wanna change my name on here, but idk what to....
Celtics all day everyday!
We have inspired and motivated very successful businesses  ministries.
Our resume is extensive  intimate.
Judge me by my fruit
Finally getting a chance to slow down, stay home, and catch up on some DVR'd shows.
I'm so pride.
yeah.
Wicked pricing.
I tried to buy yesterday and the price popped up on me before I bought.
You just like watching yourself dance haha!
yea brother , I was just there and asked to get on stage
SO excited for the concert next Thursday  any of you guys going?
Having a good day
Wasting my time thinking about you 
at least you're collecting badges as you go
Parents are now asking how long before all students have ebooksChris Kennedy, W Vancouver district, MindShare Learning webinar 1/25/12
AOonTC  Tsonga's serve and volley may have the clout to push the men's game more permanently in that direction.
i seriously cannot get over how gross the word 'pussy' is.
pooosay, paysssay, puuuuusseeey
no I dont want You calling me that idc about other people..
good feedback from a professorssor in your major 
Hated Latin in High school, but as I look back, it was the most worthwhile subject I took.
I deduced what intransigent means w/it.
Bear Creek Winery!!!!!
Haven't been on Twitter all day....WHY?!
Tim Cook Named CEO of Apple replacing
Paul, my first boyfriend is getting married today.
I must be getting old because I wish him well.
still...looking sweet!
i need 2 ask do u model clothing
Two finals down, one more to go!
Can't wait for Spring Break!!!!
When I invite you to a burger joint, I promise to eat my entire meal...just like mom and dad taught me when I was a kid.
had some for you tonight..
kobe flank steak.
yum!
I'm watching it too!!!
In those cases they were placed under the one we felt was most relevant at the time
In the gym nowminimum 3 miles on the treadmill and light weights to get my day going.
How did you jump start your day?
Gods good.
Viva la noche,
Realize that what we speak of is not like the airplane black boxes.
This is closer to the engine light on a car.
AND EVERY BOTTLE OF WINE IS 50 OFF!!!
Don't miss out!
Going to see tonight in St Petersburg.
Should be epic!
I like that I'm short cause I have like 10 pillows on my bed and I still can't touch the end of the bed:
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds 
but chris evans is just so unf.
Romney: Under Obama the government would have banned Thomas Edison's light bulb.
Oh by the way, they just did.
I'm cold as fxck in the room
Follow me I follow back!!!:
Slay doctorgons.
YEAH BABY!!!
would love to do a Pure Romance party for you so you can have a fun girls night in.
Would you be interested?
GREAT QUOTE: A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament.
Oscar Wilde
people are just people, people are just people like you
hahaha yes.
my friend just came to say goodbye  i was looking at my phone  i got the tweet to my phone  started screaming.
Just woke up from a nap:
I should've did a few things differently in my past.
I don't know.
Just eat your wing, Conrad.
No doctornking for me for awhile.
NCPR: no evidence that simply taking dual enrollment...increased students likelihood of college completion BUT...
Going through family photos to prepare for interviewing my grandma and Chicagobased fam about the Nakba.
Finding insane stuff.
Nah.
I think it was just a football move.
With garcon/morgan/hankerson being the top 3 and santana here.
he wasn't staying
Correction: We're
dude get outta school so we can bond
WhenAustin travels around the world just to perform/meet his fans3 RT if you want to meet him someday!
Labor Day weekend, what happened to the sun, beautiful day yesterday.
I'm lucky, spending the weekend on the lake.
Just love the water!
Progress at DC's newest housing community!
The Hepburn model town homes are almost finished at The Villages at Dakota Crossing!...
I give up lol
What sound does a cat make when it's on fire?
Whoosh!
have a nice day
Hide and seek outside at night
great excuse to put it on someone else's shouders..
are you performing at the Book of Ice event in DC tonight?
I want a veggie lovers pizza from Pizza Hut.
3
Corporate  Private Events  Event Coordination  Event Management  Consulting  Graphic Design
Which is relevant to your quest for a new product or business or job or mate or project worth working on
Will Obama flip flop on gay marriage.
I sure hope so.
Just another American institution he despises and wants to destroy.
Tweet tweet tweetalit 
noticed you weren't online but wanted to say hello!
:
452 :D i went from 67 follows to 452 in only 2 days thx everyone for the
No school for me until Wednesday 
You Can Lead A Man To The Outdoors, But You Can't Make Him Survive  The Buddy Burner Builder 
going to miss you today at halo won't be the same without ya!
Still rocking out the never ending engineering dynamics homework.
This quick twitter break is heaven.
Interactive Marketing Agency in ATL looking for a RubyonRails Developer.
Let me know if you're interested.
What's my secret to happiness?
Keep your bowels moving and get plenty of sleep
Thanks for coming!
We had a great campaign and were so excited to reach our goal!
TE AMO FOLLOW ME BACK : I'M CHILEAN :
Do you really think that some red neck in Virginia is sitting there going: I was gone vote for that Obama fellow, but now that he came out..
Recorder talent show!
Coworker blaring Jennifer Lopez this morning.
All I can think of is Taco Flavored Kisses.
played Mass Effect 3, Guild Wars, and Star Wars: The Old Republic in the last 24 hours.
Thanks for the rt bro, how you been?
Come to Lottie's tonight for Oscar's Nachos  good times!
I have seen the website on how to claim, my question was how long does it normally take for the claim to be paid.
Granger and George need to step up this half and we have got to STOP FOULING!!!
Night ya'll.
;
Now if only the numbness would be over so quickly.
But who needs to feel their ear?
Your gonna love it :D but no slow D:
more shirt/gear ideas: Don't Be A Dolt.
Friends Don't Let Friends Punt.
there has to be a hat that reads, AP's Hat.
hahahaha YES.
I strive for douchiness whenever I decide what to put on my feet.
SPIN SPIN SUGAR
My phone battery last longer than most relationships these days.
Happy Mother's Day from the 9NEWS Sports team!
We've got an interesting Mother's Day feature on JaVale McGee you'll want to watch  10:35.
Me too!
RT : Excited to learn about by at
Today's Get Energized tip: Find and seal all floor, ceiling, window and door air leaks and cracks.
I find it funny a lot of the Bills bashers are jumping on the bandwagon after doctorft and FA but some of us been here for yrs
I want to make everyone in my present life go to a big middle school dance.
Think of all the angst only slow usher songs could solve!
Can someone please get me 1?
: Rollie Fingers Bobbleheads this Saturday!
Your other bobbleheads are going to have mustache envy.
Welcome to Vanderbilt!
Can't believe I am moving to Arizona this week.
I have no idea what to do with all my winter clothes.
I WANT TO GET ARRESTED if it's by backward cops under the false pretense that it's a sneaky way to give me free football or lotto tickets.
RT : Just bought Marable's Malcolm X bio because of the Pulitzer and Dyson's Tupac bio because of the hologram.
When's my...
hey boo what you up to.
My Mom is just the best.
really loving her right now
Missing someone  No texts from them  Worst feeling :
As I told a friend of mine the other day..the Nats need bats....bad!!!!!
Will Power Wins Long Beach Grand Prix
just cuz I wanna relax a bit lol
I work 
What you make of your life is up to you.
You have all the tools and resources you need.
Your answers lie inside of you.
Denis Waitley
Love Counterpunch!
You belong to the coolest family.
Thanks  Happy Holidays!
My favorite part is all of the fancy hats the ladies wear!
I just heard John waters is hitch hiking through Indianapolis??
I'm tweeting this to ensure my total amount of tweets is not 666.
Obama tells ABC interviewer he supports gaymarriage, first president to take that position.
Daniel Clowes, author of Ghost World, Art House Confidential, etc.
I think it was first published in Eight Ball.
very chilly.
A lot different than Miami....
thank you, you too!!
:
Only 3 more to go!
GO BUCS!!!!
Trapped Miners..hey it could be trapped minors..that would be way worse!
I have an iPhone...
Just downloaded an app..
I don't get the point of Twitter..
Es la verdad..
what ru doing in LA?
In other words, Code Pink has something planned for 's appearance in SD tomorrow: 5:00 PM Warwick's 7812 Girard Ave
I just had the new Tropical Strawberry Shakeology for breakfast...it's great!
I have some samples leftDM me if you'd like one
haven't been on in awhile but im so back and ready for Jan 3rd
Bitches talk shit, Real women just laugh at it 
Always remember that there are more people that need help outside of the church building than inside of it
Nuggets cheerleaders are bomb ass fuck
want to get you on 670 the score chicago  talk depaul  final 4....
Your husband is being a brain conservationist?
?
?
Two words: Awe.
Some!
RT : You know what?
We're ready sooner than we even thought.
Doors open tomorrow, BloomingdaleDC!
oh no!
Virgo?
wishing our wonderful Karen Spence a happy belated birthday!
We love you!
Thanks to dad's stocking stuffers, Ive got Sinatra, Styx, and Journey for my doctorve to Dallas Monday
Yea that's my boyfriends man :D
app challenge  ikids kidscreen  giving physical properties to lines  doctorw a balloon, it floats up; items shake to music
he would walk in to a Great situation and move them to top 5 ..so can we get a special teams coach and an OC?
Great!
We're actually about to hit 124!
Holy snap :O just suggesting a topic to speak of .
Chick fil a shakes McDonalds shakes
looking forward to your tweets!
Follow back and if you or any of your customers need our service give us a call !
JMac is going to get a loss after pitching 8 and givng up 1 ER and K'ing 8.
thats pathetic
mornin' rock star!the new IPAD may be a little too hot and I'm not talking about sales!
APD launches a serious decoy operation.
details next
Hair farmer
Morning hair appt...
Woo who!
gosh I love the neck  head massage!!
2 for 1 Rails LATE NIGHT at Trinity Three Irish Pubs.
125 E Juneau
I know its crazy.
Thanks to all who participated in yesterday's FIM info session!
have more questions?
contact !
Thw Motorcycle club The Nomads get there own reality show?
Smh america loves violence
I'm here bitches let's talk now !
I didnt want you girls in a fight over salami lol
i dont think he can!!
Btw Guys Happy Valentines Day Guys 3 :D
lol just gotta ask em if they like to give it first if they dont it's no purpose..
lol
: I can't wait for Prometheus.
It looks amazing!
I know!
I've watched the trailer like 737363727337 times!
: CJ Watson just out there collecting a check dont b talkin about my boo u took it too far it ends here lol !
Whats your favorite Paging Grace song?
Happy new year to you!
I'm so pumped for 2012 :
no im not lol
Time for the Badgers to death maul the Ducks...the Duck's D is starting to wear down
5:55.
Self evaluation  reflection time.
How many guys legitimately thinking about purchasing after watching every morning.
My phone gets no love.
Sex with alligators.
How can you turn that down?
It's going to happen.
JB
Interesting...
RT : All u idiots talking about technicality open up for some crow too.
It is not easy to think of the right Valentines Day ideas for girlfriends
You are my soul mate, my sweetheart, you are my doctoram come true, from now until the end of time I give my heart and soul to you
everybody talks  everybody listen..
and somehow the truth just always comes up missing  doctorke
Good place to do it ;
A delicious first show forgetting everything ever learned in improv class and enjoying every second of it
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to seeing your tweets.
Have a great Thanksgiving!
I'm at Starbucks but my heart is at Octane.
I love your music video for Route 42 It makes me think of my daily commute and every time I've been screwed over by WMATA.
RT : Coming up: Librarians wrestle midfield to reopen on Mondays and Tuesdays.
Sponsored by doctor Pepper.
Can't shake husband's obsession w/snow ice cream.
And he's not even a Little House on the Prairie fan like I am.
Oh please don't die on the toilet!!!
would never stop making fun of that!!
Most people aren't motivated by money...
They're motivated for what they want to do...
I hate complaining about refs but they have been terrible for the Bulls in this game
Going to Victoria secrets tomorrow!!!!!!
JBF award winner 2012 Nina Barrett eating lunch at Atwood as we speak,...
congrats Nina on the award!
Wine please!
Who wants to be the next star of Taxi TV?
Join Commish and Commish tomorrow,
nasty as i wanna be
unfortunately, you exposed the right's inability to stay on script: is she a slut whore prostitute or is she gay?
NailedIT RT : NFLdoctorft is no longer a made for TV event.
It's a made for event.
Never thought I'd see the day
Worship him with all your heart, all your mind and with all your strength because He is worthy!!!
Have a great Sunday service all 
Hey, hey you, yeah you, dump the bitch!
Big show in West Bend Friday!!!
Being honest is the best way to go
At least have that sweet rack : You don't have to be perfect...
But you should strive to be as much like me as you can.
Who am I kidding to expect a late night shift without the occasional distraction?
: Funny how a melody, sounds like a memory.
Eric Church
if i say oomf..
it's usually bc i can't remember their twitter name lol
Cute guys make you crazy, hot guys make you doctorol, cool guys make you daydoctoram.
But funny guys make you fall in love without ever knowing it
Tre is embarrassed to be seen in public with me :
Hellz yeah.
PanPan kids take Madison
Thanks for the follow Tom!
See you in the hangout next time.
Im Glad doing ok :
Honduras bound...
My SPOT gps location should show up here along the way, if you want to follow the trip.
LOL too funny.
That's not something I would EVER admit to doing.
You just gave up, no talking about it....nothing.
You just stopped trying.
That proves something
I like Laura Lee.
6,000th Tweet.
I think.
whatever.
goes out to everyone i love.
How did you just say no to me but immediately offered it to someone else?
RT Walk the earth naked, clothed only in your truth.
My kids worked their butts off today in rehearsal.
A few more weeks and its showtime for them.
Way to go girls!
Cool that's where u at RT : Just left Brooklyn, will be in DC starting Thursday for 3 weeks.
yes you crusty twat
What a lucky bounce.
Like I said.
Everything going Sparty's way right now.
so, what will happen when you find yourself locked in your basement, soiling yourself because theres zombies outside .
.
.
check my website!
you showed me something that i couldnt see, you opened my eyes and you made me believe 3
Don't want turkey left overs Friday?
Check out our NEW t.v.
dinner instead!
Shrimp  Grits, Spinach, Cornbread, Twinkie  more.
404.681.4434
Happy birth day Ricardo
I care most about reading the tweets of those I follow, yet I still look at my number of followers b4 I read their tweets.
HumanNature ?
you killed it last night : can't wait to see you again.
FASHION TIP: is coming out with cute ballet flats in Spring 2012  sweet!
Hey.
I'm looking for sales reps for Stoner Couture ?
Seeking cool, connected girls who know retail / wholesale.
Any interest ??
congrats!
Well deserved!
I WANNA BE ONE OF YOUR GODDESSES!!!
OMG!!!!!
I love Megan Fox she is my idol ...
i love her Z...
love you Meggi...
hihi hehe
just another suicide sunday...
goin to shower...
I missed it!
Love You 3
So I'm ready to pcs like to England let's see how ima do this ready to leave tampa for a few years
preciate cha..
How u doin on this nice day
nothing much, just watched the new victorious and felt like checking this again :
yea im crazy lol least thats wat the doctors say jk.
but nah idunno i tend to smoke a lot of weed n say crazy shit lol
Just enough to get me by
Anyone using Branch Out on Facebook?
If so, what do you think?
From 19121913 Lowell Thomas attended the University of Denver, earning his masters and a second BA.
He also meets future wife Fran Thomas.
your welcome ;
Chone Figgins is the Walmart of Baseball Players.
someone on bilbao just took a ronaldo fee kick to the face, i think he may have died instantly.
that would be scary
What do you guys think of our professorle picture?
Any thoughts or suggestions?
Finally thawing out after a game in the snow
Happy Easter everyone
MERRY CHRISTMAS FROM MY FAMILY TO YOURS!!!
I'm going through something with life.
But pussy  Patron makes me feel alright.
What?
No Patron?
Gimme the Henny!!
What the hell am I doing?
A Raisin in the Sun!
Real Ass Niggas Only Eat Their Girlfriends Out.
Flashy Wallbanger .
.
.
will you join me for lunch on Friday?
it's been two weeks.
.
.
LOL
I'm pasty as tits dog
who that carmen bitch?
N yea
I agree with Abby about Eden.
I'm surprised she didn't bang Ricky
no problem: 
I feel that homie.
1,950 for a suite to see Roger Waters at Frank Erwin??..aw Austin, you really are losing your way
RIP Joe Paterno.
You'll always be remembered by me as one of the greatest coaches in college football history.
You're in a better place now
hey I'm on twitter
Off to learn some new things at Kendall Summerhawk's LEAP Event.
I think my Twitter timeline needs some CPR.
I've been MIA for a while.
First stop: Starbucks
I know right
like a week ago when I was at Tina's.
The person that did it was so tough.
They only threw one egg.
I was so scared
City Hall?
City Hall.
Super tired
In Chicago.
Just a laundoctormat called So Fresh And So Clean.
Yes.
Nothing like waking up to a voxer from
RTing tweets.Your so funny.Bow Down
we can follow up on to learn more about the teacher involved.
Thanks.
So, I guess you can't be good at it unless you are a celebrity?
What would be a decent score for the masses?
cheer bear.
my tears.
nice call in the 10th!
hahahah that's funny!
I'm Serbian too btw :D do u speak it?
Rachel W to the rescue  select none as datasource in BBNC scheduled emails allows you to merge multiple lists
: Being Elmo documentary is a Must SEE!!
KevinClash!!
Thank you!!
totally agree!
want some free cereal at McMahon?just in time for your study break!
Just another manic Gundy RT : RT : The Assassination of Stan Van Gundy by the Coward Dwight Howard
will definitely hit up my favorite bubbletea joints tomorrow!
And you females need to stop that.
I have no feelings act.
Y'all be the first to cry.
A woman's figure doctorssed in black, heavily veiled, moves stealthily out of the darkness.
MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA
UNC not being broadcasted on The Fan...Princeton v Kentucky on now...
My focus questions are at a HIGH level of rigor.
Glen: How geeks express the sense of urgency expressed by nongeeks can go a long way.
I still wonder why I have a phone sometimes.
No one ever talks to me on it so whats the point?
It just sits in my room not being used xD
You werkin' at a defunct Toys R Us these days?
oh my goodness.
Absolutely adorable.
The feeling is mutual.
Mahalo!
RT : Love The Shops at Wailea!
not only think about.
but follow through.
also now comes the hard part.
ever tried talking to him?
When the answer to Where are you from?
is It's complicated.
is it the dark hair?
Lol
the NWEA test CPS made us use was wildly unreliable...we trust the testing companies way too much.
I want to get on a horse.
That Was The Worst Shot I've Ever Seen....
If Caitlin Beadles is ugly, I want to be as ugly as her .
Yo Momma So Small..,she pose for trophies
Once a freestyle hardcore walker, always a onetime freestyle hardcore walker
dm mee:
good morning, champ.
The River is kinda creepy, watching it alone is prob a bad idea
But also Celtic folk big time..
you can hear it..
so much.
Just listen.
I hear that.
I am stumbling thru this morning's tasks in a postconference stupor.
Thank you for the scars the guilt and the pain and every tear I've NEVER cried ;
Ima trying to get that cut
Reps have no power.
You have to go over their head.
Despite the militancy of those men, the mood of the city seemed placid, and none paid me heed as I came and went.
Amazing how few people have any respect for due process; the bulwark of our system of justice and our nation.
Im in a room 10 guys sleeping together
Fair point...but if you can afford the car you can afford a clutch replacement.
Tins said he was pretty sure I was in grade school last time that happened.
He must have been talking about you.
;
I have naturally curly hair, I permed and kinked the heck out of it.
Sad...so sad
Or Happy New Years!
:
yummy yummy sopa
I visit with his family and think, 'this isn't how it's supposed to be.'
Congrats UWLBaseball on a big W in the 1st rd WIAC Conference Championship!
Man blames fate for other accidents, but feels personally responsible when he makes a hole in one.
we're following your lead and donating 1 to One Warm Coat whenever a customer saves 10 with the coupon code BURTSBEES
Thank you my darling!
Designed by architects.
The standing up thing really starts to bother me.
It's a shame how much I've been neglecting Twitter.
Carl Jung famously said, What you resist, persists.
Some mention that in the context of meditation as well.
What does it mean to you?
I know!
I had to give in!
Onion, mushroom, garlic  feta omelet.
Simple.
Delicious.
High today of 72!
Oh yes, I am happy!!!
Hand  Foot Copying: Play a rhythm with your feet  mimic with your hands  visa versa.
Get creative using flams, doctorgs  diddles.
looking at aqua team hunger force.
then I'm going to bed after this
I was sad that the slutty Luvabulls would'nt be here, but no worriesThe Ice Crew is here filing in.
correction: it was wicked awesome.
Sibling rivalry added much hilarity.
If you're considering having a baby, I would seriously consider getting a dog first babies just let the frisbee hit them in the face.
MY cat is doctorving me crazy.
well if you believe this then you should consider Ron Paul.
The MIC has made America broke.
Vote to restore America!
onemore last thing I wanna do right now is go to work.
so happy is moving in though!
:
hating on jelena isn't going to make justin turn away from selena, it will make justin turn away from us.....
Lectured today on final UTC papers; World War II, and the golden age of the Islamic Empire.
Business LEADERS r not pouring over data, their subordinates r.
They r makingsense of environment  leading which  networks!
My favorite thing to do is go grocerie shopping..
I feel like an adult..
Lame
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay been single its best for me
HOLY SHITT Revenge why is this show so fucking good
what would be bad?
We're so ready for the weekend...
if you followed me, I'd be super fucking happy dude.
Speaking of trains, I saw loco 140 The Hisser earlier today at around 7:45 pushing an IB train.
Did what it does best, twice.
Half of the reason I listen to the song never say never is because Jaden Smith not Jb.
The other half is because I like the chorus.
doctorving up to the west coast.
OK we are in 2010 now and I plan to win!!!
So you know you got to be in the game to win it.
You hear me???
what you thought was lost was just mislaid  my hat has been at my parents' house the whole time!
yay :
Stop light party this Thursday !!
Are u single n ready to mingle or fakin when ure already taken??
Addicted to the new album.
Hope everyone is having a great day.
the Whites are insane
I plan on being a future rapper of H Town.
No lie either.
I'm working on my first rap right now.
What's good?
Betrayed  a feeling of sum shit D;
Mornin dicks and dames..doff the fedoras, suits, bobs and lavaliers and go get your dough...keep tha punks out of ya pockets..
it'll be over soon.
Congrats on your blessing!
Can't believe SMWLA is almost over!
you don't have Chris Owens number do you?
Just had one of those callbacks that felt like an amazing class.
Getting the jig would just be a bonus!
editing pics : and u?
Mar.
6 on Sat  Kings steaks in the bronx having a SouthBronx Music conference.
We always lookin for performers.
If u interested Holla Bak!
Experience is how life catches up with us and teaches us to love and forgive each other
5/22  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Tom VanHorn
you know what?
I think I knew that, considering how many of those I own...
Its raining,lightning and thundering.
Cooler night that most lately
Texas is the move though.
Cronin should just schedule a quarterly press conference to handle the offcourt issues.
awesome, enjoy
Ha...my is so crazy that I have to laugh it of sometimes...I always try not to give up, but it just feel like thats best thing I can do.
.
Up in San Jose for a sjgiants game with the family.
The Giants pitcher is dealing right now.
No hits no runs through 4 2/3.
Upon closer inspection, I take it back.
lol all of em basically do
All good recommendations.
Maybe also a subscription to TIME magazine.
The Karate Kid was good but I still love the original.
Genesis Global Media funds TV and Film Projects pushing KINGDOM AGENDA FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE.
notafan of these stupid ass housewives shows on Bravo!!!!
This Jerry Jones love fest is going to make me throw up.
thanks, last night was AMAZING.
Knows the real fountain of youth is to have a dirty mind and a naughty smile..
Like my naked pictures on Instagram: TempeMyAzz
If i hear the word project out this man mouth one more time.
Hunter really didn't say much.
Seems focused on his area of ward 5.
I do not like the his neg stance on Macmillan.
.
your family is in our prayers!
Amazon phone coming soon?!?
RT : was asked to configure his phone to avoid getting ripped off with roaming charges.
This is wrong!
happy birthday, Thomas 33
DS: he'll be gone by then
Bless you!
I pray all is well!
Dance to much booty in da pantttsss
Delta delayed to Chicago.
Weather must be too nice.
Bueno!
Congrats love :
what's you're email?
I'll forward you the message.
LOL.
I still ask my mom and dad for money every now and then.
LOL.
Enjoy the time with fam
nobody knows it, but you've got a secret smile and you use it only for me
Melanie Brown of The Spice Girls popped out a baby girl yesterday.
check out my commercial!!
it is hysterical !!
Lmao this chick actually put Follows You in her bio so people will think she's following to keep more followers then shes fb
OomfNeedsTo Needs To Know When They Got Something Special Standing Rite In Front Of Them
Registration options are now datetime tagged, so you can see when people make their choices when they decide to attend your events.
of course I am.
At the crib.
I shoulda stayed!
And we could have continued to beat Lucas at pool!
Haha
Poorly chosen, but still intentional.
Where my breakfast at
The future is about collaborating together, using all trading relationships to doctorve value.
Alcoa at
It's like she's incredibly lonely.
But too scared of getting close to anyone at the same time.
Just got bred by a dude from a4a.
Waiting for the elevator and his cum is leaking out my ass.
Be at CityHeat 2nite on Harris Blvd in CLT 2 celebrate my birthday!
Food/doctornk specials n watch the games.
NO COVER CHARGE
Yeah I like it a lot better too, I just wish I had more friends and family on it.
Don't you hate when people take so long to text you back that when they do, you don't know what the hell they're talking about?
headed to Triggaland turns on music on my phone
Sad day in America.
No justice, no peace.
Anyone taking summer classes at Vista?
Turn up the musicChris brown

The College Board Affinity Network kickoff on
I'd sort of rather not be in that dark alcove to the right as you come in but other than that, no preference
Saying Doyle is running for President in 2012 is not funny!
Thats Wisconsin's worst nightmare.
ppl make things too complex...
if ur happy...
be content w/ ur happiness in the moment of it...
Heading to LA Market next week to do my buying for FALL for Yes, fall, people.
bring ur money tomorrow!!!
Prince binge day
Here we go...cutest ad ever!
Great social media message too!
DONT SIT ON THAT BABY!
if you ladies book for tomm I'll take 20 off and you get a comp bottle of champagne
One of the guys who made Wimba was in my class last week.
If it's anything like what he showed me, it's very very cool.
Why is everyone so
We're big fans of traditions, especially when they revolve around doctornking beer.
Hope you guys are having fun!
you like me know but lets' see later when i'll be torturing people's OTP LOL
listen to RN page.
Open Saturday's at 10am and Sunday's at 9am!
Get here early to catch all of the games.
Don't be crazy, I got TONS of blue jeans...
A blonde opened a hair salon next to a graveyard and named it Curl Up and Dye.
...
...
and I love robots, too  even had a robot startup way back in 1995!
Women that work
The epitome of an ASU grad
We laugh over memory now.
Joy of music study: kids keep getting better.
Hard work pays off!
Racers are a 12seed in the new bracketology.
Yes, the season hasn't started yet..
Subway...
EAT FRESH
you better get yourself together thn!: yall better get off me bout this situation
Pie pie and more pie.
: i'm perfectly ok being single until I see cute couples...
So effin true honest Envy !
Wow!
Great reviews and compliments for Zombie Housewives of the Apocalypse  thanks!
what!!!!
That pisses me off!!
Will somebody or something please start to sing?
ThingsMyExSaid I love you wrongo you never did
I wana buy an ipad with my birthday money :D
PBA bowler Norm Duke will receive the 2012 Dick Weber Bowling Ambassador Award.
any idea where you can find stats on breakdown of financial naming deals of bparks / arenas  fields of play?
I'd guess either typo or conditional probabily that a word that was identified as an outlier was actually an OCR error
I agree

That's definitely my favorite record by them.
:
Weight Watchers and fitness program start today!
wish me luck :
I voted for Austin to go to London!
You deserve to see him!3
Wtf is there a distilled water shortage?
Why do stores never have it?
my hair is a mess TGIF and I'm on spring break
Why is so hot
Still on the topic of reality television, a better name for shows about families with over 10 kids should just be renamed Human Hoarders.
NewOrleansBowl 87 yd punt return for the Cajuns now up 133 over SDSU.
ULL is playing some seriously inspired ball right now!
Can't wait to get it to you bro!!
burn this
These Cesar Chavez punks think it's cool to vandalize our property?!
OK lil fukkers!
Bring it!
Ya messed w/ the wrong bitch now!
how did Macabbi/Copia go last night?
I MISS YAH.
nfb I Wounder is that her real hair in her avi
I WON, I WON!
Thanks for the 2 tickets to see David Sedaris.
Share your favorite workout with fellow Medifasters!
Guys never verbally or physically harm your woman smh
thanks for coming.
And I am now Duncan VP!!!
THANK YOU to institutions for hosting this crop of interns!
Thank you for WW Wishes!
Cheers.
lighten up
Sitting next to a table of library folk, but not terribly interested in networking.
Best of luck to you, Dave!
LPP will surely miss you.
Today was so annoying ..
were.u been?
I just need to say my prayers and go to sleep.
An 88 year old man just sang Rhinestone Cowboy to me on the bus.
I hope the surgery goes well and that she recovers quickly!
Homework flow....
that's the best kind...
fun to watch but barely enough to qualify.
Thanks for the follow.
Interesting ws.
Dead Boiled and seasoned to perfection yeah boi!!
IdoctortherHave my cousin back over everything else!!!!
One 10th Region coach on Happy Osborne to Montgomery County: It's not rumblings, it's a fact.
Thanks, doctor Ochs, my history teacher when I was a junior at , for making history coming alive!
I'm psyched about my new Mizuno running shoes, and can't wait to try them out on my 7 miler with tonight!
Same old doing some work doctornking a lot of coffee and beer!
just trying to do big things!
waiting for you to follow me thats all :
Awesome Tents: We now have the Big Agnes Fly Creek UL2 Tent.
It weighs only 34 ounces and actually fits two people!
Perfect for backpacking!
I don't understand the GOP; are we or are we not supposed to like our POTUS?
So why spend money on ads??
Way to think it through
It is to easy to judge others, never met a perfect person yet, where is the fun in that?
Best Mexican food in LA?
Ciro's at 705 North Evergreen, 90033
Welcome to Lin, our 700th member!
Amazing growth in less than six months.
Here's to the next six!
NY had a rain soaked Earth Day, how did you celebrate?
boy, you scared me!
suddenly shout.next time give warning first lah.haiyo.
favorite basketball team?
cuz I got swag!!!
Soggy watermelons and grapes!!
C:
can you believe me yes me Dennis The Menace is calling it an early night.
well gnight peeps im beat!
got allot going on tomorrow.
my goodness.
You are one lucky woman!!
Judge of your natural character by what you do in your doctorams
Okay its turkey franks and stuffing flavored beans for me today.
Can someone tel me why we r so wicked but if you like by the gun you will died by the gun i am a man of the!!!!!!!
lord and man
Confidence is contagious.
So is lack of confidence.
Vince Lombardi
Ugh I'm using spray tan not my fault it's 40 and overcast everyday in Chicago till like June lol.
Sorry I been gone for a min but im back
Will you give me a record deal if I call and annoy you?
We hope that you're having a great weekend.
We are offering a FREE couples massage with a stay of 2 nights or longer in Feb!
just watched Virginia shut Princeton down.
Great game.
Klckner Stadium is pretty cool
If I have to chase and fight for your attention, eventually i won't want it anymore.
your memory is as good as mind for that kind of stuff!
if want to achieve something large, look at small, concrete steps you need to take to get there
Woopwoop on my way back to md
unwrapping some boss neon xmas ornaments.
anyone want to donate a lavalamp for the top of our tree?
Marlboro, Preventing more sex then marriage..
RT YouLookedGoodUntil I Seen You Put A Fat Ass Marlboro In Your Mouth...
play I spy
You will only be completely satisfied through Jesus.
Nothing o this world will make you whole.
We are in a collective mood of denial of what is moving us away from greatness CarrollUniversity commencement
Getting in NYC today...
Army Strong Crig?
Really??
That's so lame...how about the Few, the Proud.?
Never thought i would..
Forgiveness is a funny thing.
It warms the heart and cools the sting.
Proof that bigger co's are bad at innovation.
: RT : FB rolled out Timeline w/a team the size of a startup gwsummit
If Iowa can't count their votes right, they need to lose first in the nation status.
Seriously.
And i went last time...
are you gonna go?
Morgan you better stop!
I mean it I'll tell erin!
I thought I was gonna flip her outa her desk.
did you see me?
Follow back?:
you are amazing.
can't wait to see you on the 28th.
Thank you so much Loriwe appreciate the love!
I don't believe in most friendships.
: 3WordsOfAdvice...
Take it Sleazy.
workaholics may29
we're having a soire  treats, swag, makeup, brow shaping, discounts, styling  more!
May 10 68pm.
enjoying special DC power players episode of jeopardy.
Relevant topics, lighthearted  kudos for charities benefitting young students.
Why thank you kind sir for the Saturday shout out, mucho appreciated.
Have a fabulous weekend.
So far tonight I have inappropriately touched half our lineup.
No regrets ;
Pls instruct your outsourced reservations personnel that American women don't care to be called mem every few seconds.
Thanks!
In Cupertino.
Just finished my first month, so still pretty new to it.
There's no denying the Oeschmonster is a true Pacer's fan with those gloves he has.
If all my friends were to jump off a bridge, I wouldn't jump with them, I'd be at the bottom to catch them
cringe whn I check in to 4Square  it says Come here often thats X days in a row for U!
Yes I have
Respect yourself..dont let anyone push you into something that's not you..
thanks!
Does anyone love me?
It's 83degrees today.
A bubble wrap wardoctorbe is friggin' HOT!
Hi there!
my hubs told me about it ;
LOL RT Study says women check their reflections 8 x a day.
Number goes down to 3 if you don't count the Kardashians.
Newly shaved legs 
wiunion recallwalker is costing each tax payer about 2.
Poor maintenance of Milwaukee County, future cost to State millions!Court cost!
i want to win is 1 Trending
R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS  TeamFollowBack  InstantFollowBack  TeamAutoFollow  500ADay 
Spinach and feta omelette with garlic and buttery bread.
Everything tastes better after a run.
Congratz to Hunter Mahan!
His game is steady.
Nice!
Will do.
we cannot let them fall through the cracks...
can help these
hahaha alright then:p
TONIGHT!
Studio At Webster Hall!
That makes two of us!
And the tee should be on your doorstep by sometime Thursday.
Thanks for the congrats, friends!
DoctorsBetterThanConradMurray Magic Johnson's Dr
you're braver than me.
I hope you get some rest.
zombie at work, that's a no no.
:
I didn't know ale house played good music
How are you guys doing ?
smh I hate when that happen
Actually broke it last night....
So amazing!
thanks for the tickets I'm unfortunately unable to get off work :' can I change the name to Gary Miller on the tickets?
haha when you lose your password on Louis CK's site you're sent a replacement that begins numbnuts followed by a series of numbers.
I think he'll do a GREAT job But,tell Soriano about the TUCK RULE don't pull your shirt out until last out is officially recorded
I am so over being unemployed...
Blurg.
working on identifying bridges on the lantern slides in the J.
W.
Hoover collection.
Who knew Arizona had so many bridges.
RT : It's appalling  depressing that so many selfproclaimed patriots are entirely ok with police brutality against our own people.
Loves reading right now soo relaxing..
Good luck to my friends  dbuc doctorpal camp.
Wish I could have made it there
Had a great time partying at Knickerbocker's last nite with the famous, not so famous and other krazies!!
Happy to get to a Holiday Party!
RT WHO the FUCK put vagasil where the toothpaste usually is on the FUCKING sink!!??!
Wasn't me
If you want to have fun then do something crazi
Thanks for doing what you do.
Do you include hostels in your list of places to stay?
We are some of the most sustainable!
didn't even ask!
I just did it hahaha :D
What's wrong man?
Just started SSTLS myself.
Find myself looking askance at my iphone.
tryna play me al over twitter!
Haha I will literally show up right now in a headband n sweatbands ready to go
These Bitches is doing the Most!!!
To answer your question, I will not be following you!
Surprised with some Hoptimus Prime last night.
I suspect we'll dive into the '86 Orson Welles version for this.
been a busy last week, prob.
gonna be AWOL for the next 2 weeks with school.
papers, papers, and more papers
LIKE OMG I CANT BELIEVE I MISSED EVERYTHING ELSE
Last night's event was a success, thank you to everyone who came out!
We will be posting photos of the event soon!
There are one hundoctord and ninety nine ways to get beat, but only one way to win; get there first.
Willie Shoemaker
i'll have a baby cousin by morning!
:D
Thx for inclusion on your list!
A couple of suggestions:
love the show, but some commentators have pointed out that he wasn't always the most effective president.
thanks Mike!
The Good Wife sure knows how to do promos.
This new one has me giddy in excitement.
Hey Facial Ninja!
Spanish Is Faster Than English, But Mandarin Is Slow
Welcome  to the sweet 16 party!
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 81
LOL at Blake Griffin
respects my bro...
but its like boxing match with no rounds..
love these guys!
I haven't but thanks:
Ward5se If issues like conducive economic development, quality educational programming,  ethics matter, vote 4 my friend
Congrats!!!
Something to be very proud of!
So no vote on best burger right now we have a five way tie.
Chance to be in first.
i hear talkin about me up there..smh
Great job by tonight during the newsjacking meetup at
Free ground shipping on all purchases over 100.00.
Call 7312561 to place your orders and use the promo code 1026.
Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch make me RICH!!!
What did doctorpbox do that's got everybody aff'ing them out again?
More power to you, just wondering.
It's a wrap Anaheim is winning 72.
The Slap Shot has now Won 202 games and counting.
On to the next one.
Ching Ching.
Such a turn of when a guy lies ...
True true.
And it only hurts u  haunts u with guilt when u lie...so I don't do it.
For others  for myself.
click schedule
Midnight jog?
Why yes!
Not being open anymore
Send summer excitement to the one you love..Free delivery call now 4194759646
School would seem a whole lot less scary if I had a growler to start my day.
I'M SERIOUS.
Up next  OnPulse
Dang, everyone here is so fashionable!
I'm gonna have to steal everyone's amazing purses and shoes.
Look out!
Love it
Kraft manufacturers tools for Asphalt, Concrete, doctorwall, EIFS, Flooring, Masonry, Plaster, and Tile industries.
oh shit...am i getting sick?
:
At the Next Steps in Transforming Academic Libraries session
From one rumor to the next.
Let's get weird
Don't judge me, but tonight I will be doctornking and checking 2500 lottery tickets of the 650 megamillions.
Going to outer space when I win.
I wish woud pull something like that, wait she wouldnt.
had a wonderful night....
I'm lonely and bored, some one come and entertain me
Yes!
Please give them a copy of your ID  a note saying they have permission to pick it up!
hahaha greg's name is matt?
these magazines tell me things i didnt even know 
Feelin the burn:
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you dont try.
Beverly Sills
doctornking alone is not only okay, it's fun!
I'm making some hash browns.
Potatoes were on sale.
BTW, it was cool seeing you in Ore.
The Pulse looks like an awesome vehicle!
Finally a day in seattle where you can bring out the summer fashion!
A writer works to publish and see his work get into the hands of readers.
Thoughts about money are secondary; otherwise, the writing dies
Good Monday morning time to get back on my Twitter game.
Been slack for awhile.
Today is going to be a blessed day.
exactly what I was thinking!
I need a photo shoot
Playin wit somebody mind is cool.
But playin wit they heart is like homicide.
Thanks soo much!
RT : You guys always round up the best stuff for readers
Liked it, tks for sharing : 
Back in the BXV
Going to see tonight!
I'm excited.
:
Examine what is said, not who speaks.
Keep it up bro!!!
Stumbling is not falling.
hahahaha yeah I'm pretty sure he thinks we're dumb!lol;
It kills me ..
How so many people claim to be things their not..
Ohh but you GROWN though
Still waiting for your solution :
Sitting in the car in the walmart parking lot with
Hot tea
Love is not proving anything by adoring a person to show them you care or pulling away to show them your point.
lol thats a start.
What you need to do is check out doctor near the A.
THAT will expand your horizons.
Iheartvodka RT After a long day of wrecking stuff, I sure wish I had some of that amazing Polish vodka.
yay!
RT : I BREATHE IT, I LOVE IT, I LIVE IT!...MUSIC!
why such a reaction to 'performativity'?
Melissa Coleman speaks about her book This Life is in Your Hands on 4/4  noon!
Rumor has it Whole Foods Market is donating cookies!
Happy Opening Day!!
Shot shot ahot!
Someone teach the rock how to do the fucking sharpshooter please...
Or Cena to take a bump
Loving Parenthood right now.
Major.
Too bad, I love chopped n screwed shit .
Food.
Cherry limeade.
Yummy!
Let's Bring Back, a great book by Lesley M.M.
Blume, the AZ of all things wonderful in days gone by.
lol yeah i know!
I was just saying that to myself the other day..
Can you like put it in a plastic bag and give to my bro
and I thought it was just a Miami thing
yes, I didn't meant to say people can't learn, just that it's a process, not an input/outpu relationship
It's Dove agefighting acne cream.
Shoulda doctorven to work today.
No traffic and holiday bus schedule.
Oh well, happy VeteransDay!
Nobody admits fault anymore...
add a little hot sesame oil to your steamed breakfast spinach.
added goodness.
No, Resses deserve better than that.
They deserve to be enjoyed in immaculate condition.
Then I will have to shake my head at you.
Shake, shake, shake.
excited to listen to speak at ileadu this morning!
No female want somethin dats gonna tickle dem I Dont
Check The Rhyme, Cat Power and Monday Morrissey makes awesome radio.
Thanks!
Hey I think your twitter account got hacked.
Change your password.
The release even refers to it as among the most beautiful and intense films of the 1980s.
Seriously?
Inna Gotta Da Vita and a chainsaw?
High Risks CAN be dismissed given the proper documentation.
www.phasei.com
Looking to clean the floors in your home or business?
...
You never know.
I did that a lot too to get people to follow, some followed without me tweeting them just by doing that
We had a wonderful prayer gathering.
You are a blessing to us all.
thank you.
John  Suzanne
New placements on Discovery Channel,TLC,MTV,M2, and more let's keep them coming!!!
Happy Valentine's Day!
I love you.
Will you marry me?
Wait, I mean, come buy our frozen yogurt.
Sorry  tweeting makes me overemotional.
Really, Stop and come to see us!
Tonight is Wine Flight under 15 and Monday we have half off any bottles!
Stewart: The OLC opinion is binding on DOJ; policy shouldn't change
im good.
yes it is.
your face is a fail!
2 hours in auditorium  2 hour nap.
Hair...
i got my own mobile business going diva Illusionz
But You Perfect For Me..
429!
That's insane!
effing shit, it hurts.
nccetl les foltos dir.
of Peer Ed.
Promises to work to see every teacherlibrarian in the country becomes peer coach in tech.
integration!
What a gloomy day
Going to be doing a red eye flight..back to the east coast.
well you gotta point there
Hope you can participate in our Groundhog Job Shadow Day Feb.
2nd to show kids opportunities in your career field.
DM us.
;
IMissWhen could reply to everyone's tweet but now he has so many mahomies that it's hard...im still proud though 3
Spring is here!
Lets make something together.
Got the run back, I'll take it.
Now, THROW AT SORIANO!!!
Gates Education How can states collaborate and share best practices to benefit all states, all classrooms?
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill
: happy Wednesday!!
Just about everyone in OF has a cast on.
Fuck going to that concert lol
You can say Merry Christmas...who's telling you you can't?
it's called diptic!
It's a sweet app :
Victor Cruz 33
It's been a long day.
congrats bro!
Not only do I LOVE being a called a hippie
Taylor May is always down.
She'll stick her doggy tongue all the way down yo throat.
;
yea yea it is omg i was lookin at pics of madison and my mom walked in and she said is that your boyfriend and i smiled :
'The only person you should be concerned with being better than is yesterYOU.'  Eric Barber
Also Secret Garden and Heartstrings
Hatewatching Skip Bayless gives ESPN the same ratings as watching with love.
Please don't do it.
Loved the finale.
Nice touch w/ going to foster system 4 adoption of an older child.
Don't see it often enough on tv.
there's no air conditioning on the bus?
anything new and cool at the BlackCatBar that I don't even know about?
it would have been sad if Eastern beat them.
but they put up a scary good fight.
ha, I actually like that show and yes I watched it thanks to the playoffs last year
Hurrah!!
1,400 people like us on Facebook!
We 3 our social media followers.
I love seein guys doctorving a mini cooper; an try to make up for lookin like such a pussy by doctorving as if they're starring in the Italian Job
Goodbye Knicks season
Look around and notice how people have become so mechanical in every area of their lives
Speaking at the National MS Society annual conference this morning in Chicago; hoping I don't trip on my way to the stage!
Heya!
You're so sweet, will pass the note to Joy : props on your doctorving skills!
oh yea??
uncomfortable silence by Len Kasper after that.
Feel bad that he is stuck with Brenly, he's actually pretty good.
thanks, we are!
Miss you too!
RT : Sometimes it feels like John McCain weighs in by accident.
When a girl tells you about her problems, it doesn't mean shes complaining, it means that she trusts you.
It goes like this The fourth, the fifth The minor fall, the major lift The baffled king composing Hallelujah
Jude and I discussed it and we will be cheering for the 49ers and Ravens this weekend.
How many of you would follow my personal account?
I have this sinking feeling my pc is going to crap out on me...it seems it just can't keep up with me these days
Does your system integrate with pharmacy software?
QS1 for example?
I don't hate it.
getting family going on video chat!
Google version a little laggy though....
Thx for RT!
Have a magical day!!
My first follower on this account was :
Worried about gettin ur followers up how bout you worry about gettin your money up
He is such a great , sweet man.
haven't see the Hunley yet..looks and sounds like a great film though.
Only took 7 mins to park at lenox!
Not bad!
Great shopping weather today!
no problem :

Every cliche about kids is true; they grow up so quickly, you blink and they're gone, and you have to spend the time with them now.
But...
Now I know what I'm bringing to the beach this summer  SPOILED looks amazing!
Isn't writing YA fun?!
Congrats!!
I see the cathedoctorl y'all are headed the right way!!
Stop hating on chemtrails
well ur kinda ahead of my age.....
It's like selling guns at grocery stores.
tonight at in broad ripple!
It's going to be a blast!
10ThingsIHateAboutYou ugh Heath Ledger.
Come back and love me.
Eating in Little 5 Points Atlanta, GA.
We're all gettin burgers w/ blue cheese.
M!
I put my pants on kicking and screaming just like every other three year old.
Happy National School Week!
How has school choice impacted your family?
I'm skipping mine but it's up to you!
I just don't want to be crabby and cranky.
'Cause that's how I get!
then those moments when i wanna burn you !
.
Lozis are not of one tribe.
Malozi are the people of Bulozi or Barotseland  constituted by 37 tribes including MaMbowe, MaKwandi, etc
STUNNING apartment east 70's, doorman, elevator, HUGE 1 bedoctorom, seperate kitchen, washer/doctorer inside unit  3050
Thanks seconded.
Great to connect!
So stack a guy at 1020 at Wynn, he's counting down his chips/cash, I cover but he says he wasn't play his 25 chip, 2 5 chips.
Victoria can you follow me thanks.xoxo : BH
Happy Birthday sis 
RT : shout out to my dogs laredosfinest leggs go!
Don't blow away, LA.
Sure Megan.
Let's see what you've got.
You can have more, be more and do more because you can change the person you;are  Maria Green
We won today!!
6th Best Company to Work for Austin!!!
Just call me Patra
Home sweet home!
Or I have also asked: Where is your library now and where do you want it to be?
Especially good if you don't see facility.
doing good!
thank you
So happy to be a part of !
You can now enjoy our tea at their Hawthorne  Downtown stores, and soon at the Mississippi one.
Of course Obama reverses his stance on gay marriage; it's election year.
With true love, the butterflies never go away.
; goodnight 3
Some boy was playing somebody that I used to know in his guitar.
Aww how cute.
I'll just assume the Midwest airs repeats of Regis and Kelly 24/7 on all channels
Regardlex of how many tymz our heart got broken, we somehow still get intrinsically connected 2 the one's we adore.
Interaction Design does not equal interface design
Today's A Big Day!
I'm Gonna Kill It!!
lol i know: its ok: it was funny haaha.
and yeahh:
that's what I'm trying to do, gain muscle
Dude, I still need a warped tour buddy.
Larry Fedora and UNC agreed on a 7year deal.
Fiveyear deals are usually standard for a new coach.
Took a 5min call while on hold with Time Warner Cable.
Didn't miss much.
Still on hold.
Sometimes but not nearly as much as I used to.
I was glad that I met you both as well!
We will have to keep in contact and continue to discuss business!
I have a lot of passion about a lot of things in life.
What's your fav trend so far for Spring 2012?
NEONs 4me..I saw AWeSoMe spring booties w/back zip  hot pink neon material center!
Well Cuse Nation we are about to see how deep our bench really is.
I have faith in my orange we will win this!
lets go CuSe!
If you don't listen to then you pretty much suck.
And both of those interviews happened in the same half hour.
I love this show.
Walked to P's school to pick him up today.
Still hurts, but it seems like it hurt less and was easier today than on Monday.
Making progress!
Am I wrong in hearing a slight tone of contempt in the phrase early adopter?
These people got attitude
Make process thoughts: I learn better from listeningwatching others than following written directions.
Top 2012 Models, Brands Honored for Lowest Projected Costs during Initial FiveYear Ownership Period DGDG is proud to carry 10 of them!
Find
Give us a quip on our funny pics
Thanks for recommending your followers to follow us!
We are following
The House just passed a bill designed to breakup big banks EVEN if they pose no systemic risk.
Who are these fking idiots?
: Homesick as fuck...I miss hitting up all the festivals around Cleveland and passing out my mixtapes during the summers
Can I get a: what!
what!
Thank you to all the MEN AND WOMEN that put their lives on the line for our safety, freedom, and AMERIC's Future.
God Bless you and keep you
Dads political advice for the day mijo don't get caught with a stripper in your office Hahahaha
me and my friends was running down the alley
wtf i gets it in
no gipper where is that
I hope you can too!
RT I wish I was in Spain right now.
I really hope I can go there for my study abroad
I have doctornk 64 oz of beer since I got to this airport 2 hours ago
Great allergy tips!
Ever hear of someone losing their sense of taste from allergy medicine?
aw, you're too cute!
3
See, honey?
Even people at bus stops have cell phones.
you got rodgers' number?
think you could lend it to me?
gotta give him some advice about women  they're out to get him, man.
Gottah do it all over again, that means the first time was a waste of time!
i left friday.i be back tho real soon
Never regret something that once made you smile.
saltine challenge, hot sauce challenge...idk haha!
As shared recently on AE's production, The doctorw Peterson Biography is ready to launch contractually: www.OnlineRehabClinic.com
will do!
I know that's where I have the very best friends in the world!
Anybody wearing a B.U.M.
Equipment tshirt is definitely hard up for some cash
My account has been deactivated for violation of some law, can you imagine what a bad girl i am dammit hahahah!
I concur!
: very cool.
Your pics so far have been awesome!
GUESS WHO'S HAVING SALMON FOR DINNER?!?!?!
THIS GIRL!!!
;D
I can't wait for friday!!!
Not feeling to good...
Not done with my Christmas shopping and going to the mall tomorrow to finish,.
It's about to be packed
Good night, Anita.
I hope you had a great shoot today!
: I had a tough day at work and kind of tired.
For each referral that turns into a signed website contract, I am giving the referrer a 25.00 Outback Steakhouse Gift Card thru April 1.
Thank you!
The voting was for the 'red herring' final entry but won based on presentation  double hurrah :
We know nothing about motivation.
All we can do is write books about it  Peter doctorcker
COCONUT COCONUT
Can be arranged.
: When are you here?
Congrat's on your Pregnancy!
Bn following you for over 2years!
Luv your products.
Plz support  follow us!
loves being alone.
Solitude gives you time to ponder and consider and create without distraction.
Next year, I'm going to be bummed.
I won't be a teenager anymore.
I'll be 20.
:s
Roddick out.
No.
My Love Is Your Love 3
will have a ton of advanced info and strategies.
will be great at covering the basics for you though.
SOLD OUT again, cant wait to see all of you !!
RT : Only 4 more days until !
:
Come see the exhibition!
Cheers.
: Bar Sign: Those doctornking to forget please pay in advance.
doctor Carlyle Chan receives the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Association for Academic Psychiatry
But on the realz, all these crab niggas know the deal  nas
Lies Like Rug
Feel like its Christmas Eve!
Working all day and then headed to ALBQ w as soon as I can sneak out of here.
Love road trips!
One down, two to go.
I'm now in Houston headed for Vegas  then finally to Seattle.
: I think MATH!!!!
may be my worst enemy:/!!!!
Princeton Spreadthepeace NOMATH lol: yes MATH
HAPPY SWEET 16 :D From Malaysia
Happy mother's day to all you mamas
Hey tweeps!Don't miss out on our presale!Today is the last day to get a 10off your total purchases.
Use code GLMLAUNCH!
greylinemap.com
People say hate is such an overused word, but so is love.
People throw that word around like it's nothing.
Excitement and Fear often feel the same physiologically.
In my next audition, I notice any fearful energy and label it excitement.
GREAT INSIGHT
you would what?
If croutons are stale bread why do they come in airtight packages?

irrespective of theories and explanations you can come up with, true believers, like it or not will say its the work of God.
I hate when people assume they know everything about me, when they don't know the first thing.
Just broke my nails grrrr.
Party people.
Good night
Assists, going for rebounds, scoring 16 in the 4th isn't considered determination or real basketball?
regular oven has the heating element on bottom and top.
Convection has a fan on back wall
It time for some fall cleaning!
Call us today  586 663 0054
ALL I wanna do is step outside n Scrap....I dnt give a fuck with who....its been to long since my last fight...
kids Stars  Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Wed, May 16 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
Make me some please :
If you own a business or run a website you should check out the calendar widget by SquaredOut.
You can embed it on your site in seconds.
I didn't realize I could lift one eyebrow higher than the other until that last pic I tweeted, very interesting.
Fa sho, shoot me your math in my DM...
Orphanz
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 52F FAIR
I pick up a pencil so rarely now, I feel like it would be worthwhile to make an effort to go old school more often.
Missed the memo that the whole college is playing the back nine.
i couldn't find the wheat matzos on your downtown location so had to go elsewhere :
Better get this field goal!!!!
A week til nanowrimo still no ideas and I need a laptop
Mostly here to read funny/interesting things and maybe write some.
Will also be satisfied with pictures of cats.
Zusi is playing
Lacrosse at the same time.
I own it.
www.erlang.la User Group is happening tomorrow.
Come join us at HQ
Things to do today.
1.
Get up 2.
Survive 3.
Go back to bed
Men,be bold with ur personal style, you may even develop a signature style that others will notice
Where do my UK followers stand on ManCity's quest for the EPL championship?
An inquiring Yank watching the match vs QPR wants to know.
would be happy to.
let's plan on meeting up after morning sessions.
maybe i'll be able to make contact in person.
A television audience is just innately more engaged than anywhere else...
Rage Comics are really entertaining.
one of my favorite things to have for breakfast!
Enjoy!
mybrings all dato daand they're like, it'sthan yours, damn, it'sthan yours.
i could ya, but i'd have to
I haven't heard from Suggs, his agent, or the Ravens regarding the injury.
So I can't back up the story.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
Richard Bach
how u been girlie!!!
Something is going to happen?
just saw my first Tesla electric car on the roads of NYC...
it wasn't all that.
your personal sessions only display to you, regardless of the publicness of your conference schedule.
Bumpin The Weeknd heavy right now, probably for the rest of the night too.
I'll add it to the site ASAP.
Feels good to help I'm really gonna hook them up and walk them all the way to the finish product...
People always regret how they treat you after you leave.
By then it's too late to fix things.
11:28am
Do u got any
You may end up dancing the monopolka.
Be careful, and give my regards to KGB Bar.
OPEN to serve you today til 10PM with a HUGE Clearance SALE.
50 OFF all Holiday Music  30 OFF all Art  Photo books Mon.
Tues.
ONLY!
oh yeah!
Are you taking your wsm!?
it's all gucccii 
Omg her butt looks like one from those 70 year old cat lovers
We're minutes away from the Sweeney Todd ShaveOff!
Live music, discounted food/doctornks!
Why aren't you here yet?
thats horribly wrong we all know it basketball!
100 likes on my facebook status?
gosh why am i so popular
good meeting up today.
Looking forward to good...I mean great things from your Depaul MBAs!
your old floor must have raptured.
It's like I have to reintroduce my dog to snow every 3 weeks now.
You are more than the chooses you make, you are more than the problems your create.
What does totes mean?
Just throw a quick pick6 so Brett can get to bed.
He'll get incontinent and bloated if he stays up past 12.
It's still just rumors.
This one is particularly awesome however and worth following IMO.
Just saw the news  many congratulations!
STOP!!
Trust me...
a TV like this is an INVESTMENT!!
Better to spend 500 for a damn good one that will last
Been with baby all day..
The movies was fun...
3
RT : MJ said heal the world' honor his legacy by participating in national HIV testing day June 26, 2009
any time!
RT : Your resume should captainre your personality, not just your work accomplishments.
Like a flower I want to be The one that you grow to Dangerous power between you and me How I long to save you
follow me sweet pea lol
Yes but the still know your there!
Thank y'all for coming!
Sorry we missed your set....
hope it was fun!
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
John Lennon
twas no joke, and for clarity i DID make reference to yourself.....
:p
it is the same type but it depends on the level of strain.
If it's mild, 2 weeks, if he tore it, he's done.
All in degree.
Good night, everyone !
...Oh I know why, cuz everybody wanna be the 1 instead of us all, many fist will always have more impact than 1...
Finally the Heat learn to milk the clock and not make stupid turnovers late
Firetrucks at the library: whom to believe...the librarian or the digital humanist?
I'm so glad community is back.
Watching it with :D
Just a thought, everyone needs a hobby.
If your sidebusiness was a hobby converted into a business, unhappiness follows.
: We say what we feel then we stop ourselves.and just walk away
y'all dont invite me places bitch!
1 in 6 adults admitted that they have agreed to sex because they were embarrassed to say no.
Watching and they put Pink and Christina Aguilera ahead of Britney Spears in the 100 Greatest Women in Music?
Uh....
z snap ...
No.
I've seen the first season of Deadwood and I can't wait to finish it.
God damn Netflix for not having it on streaming.
Now you sound like Tom Brady's wife.
Lol.
Jk.
You're a hot mess.
Emphasis on the hot part.
And the mess.
Not gonna lie, you're kinda crazy sometimes.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy..but heres my numb NO.
SHUT UP.
I'll be home soon enough!
sounds about right.
Hahaha, where did you read this shhhtuff?
i follow back you follow me first.
should be experiencing some of the sxsw tech events, but instead working hard in the office!
WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly you should join the circus,you'd be an instant hit
Was at your reading yesterday, but had to hurry off somewhere.
Great to actually hear you!
Looking forward to meeting you today
Have a spectacular weekend!
I don't think the pothole even comes close to comparing to last night
At cirque du soleil in Indy with my favorite person.

Im Bad feat ...Dope Shit
stupid eli
trough twitter we started talking gave him number and its been like tht ya i dnt like anyone at school so only way i find my bfs jk
Going on Tuesday with alittlescared RT I feel god.
Perhaps that's what was in those Bugles!
nice day to golf
Head cold today.
I guess I should rest.
Gotta say, it's an odd mix of humanity at the Willie Nelson show.
Basically exactly what you'd expect.
I have.
Long story.
I'll tell you at break : 
: I'm doctornk and wana fuck whyarentuhere hurryup crazygfproblem that's when girls end up fucking up relationships
RT : Talking Baseball with 's Allan Bud Selig on April 10, part of 's Robert Taylor Lecture Series:...
some females just dnt know how to play their cards thats y they're forever single
More peeps that r awesome  whut they do POOF!!!!!!!
Hey Milwaukee comics!
Did you know that Milwaukee Comedy is a great FREE place to promote yourself?
Jimbo told me so!
xoxo, Vine
Lessons learned....students still have to find the best way to study..not everyone will adopt technology for learning.
dhtrial Also I did long distance photo doubling of Nathan, Kyle and my hand stabbed marcia's fake pregnant stomach and my feet broke in
lost 1 pound since his last weighin!
He's lost 19.6 pounds so far.
I feel like throwing up
They can't hold me down
Nope!
It'll be worse.
your mom can be better then that
Ran my first two legs if ragnarsocal in Kinvara3's.
Switching to the Type A5's for my final 14.9 mile leg.
If a guy is acting as if he doesnt give a shit, he genuinely doesnt give a shit.
Love you, Snooks!
;D
It correlates, but it doesn't equal.
I want the best game as well gameplay wise too.
We both use alotta energy.
Good stuff
SPEAK NOW!: : If I see either one of those idiots today, I won't be afraid to speak my mind.
sounds good!
Another Sunday...you know what time it is HAILYEAH we in Toronto to get that W today!
mee to!
Did you cry?
Because I cry a lot
Bitch if u wear sweatsuits n ponytails every day kill yoself
lol that was you at that Young Life thingy?
Shout out to my nigga tonyt
it was good, i'm always dazzled by how tricky people are at things like that.
and always think they should meet you.
What's up with you?
Not much.
What's up with you?
Not much...what's up with you?
I just wanna go home  I mean being kidnapped by friends is cool and all but......
Help stop Child Abuse  read true story  I've Always Known on amazon, only you have help, tell a friend, child abuse is real
I love my parents 3.
They are awesome!!!!!!
Back  the County Line on Lake Austin tomorrow with Walker Martin on fiddle!
69pm
I didn't know they still existed
I won't be on twitter for a bit, don't unfollow.
Follow me on instagram: ClaudiaRomina :p take care everyone!
Xx
Just returned from Minneapolis.
A lot of talk about new Vikings stadium.
Don't you need a team first before you build a stadium?
lmk when you get the answer
I agree  we do use r for pilot experiments c., but mallet is easier to integrate into e.g.
web viz apps.
FF BlueGrace sponsored fighters UFConFox May 5 !!
Can't wait for the event!
If i had a penny for everytime you were on my mind i would only have a penny because you never were off my mind.
I want to find someone that can create a high energy intro video in a week.
: Q: What do you think is behind some Americans' fear of Islam?
GOODask Smart.
My mind is blown.
And I agree!
RT Overheard today: I think should come twice this week.
It don't matter your race, just take a blunt to the face.
This ADHD though...
good morning luv
Havel leaves a stable democracy in his wake.
Il Jong leaves an unstable dictatorship for us to worry over.
Sorry.
mosquito's suck
Thus fortified with strong coffee and Jordan almonds, I shall complete the grading today.
I SHALL.
I'm up for the challenge
Bieber Beats Kim Kardashian as Most Searched Person of 2011.
It was so great to work with you for the month of March!
Congrats on such an amazing job in the community!
Rolling Stones at Forest Hills, 1966.
I was there!
i love you 3
if you are at the store buying dcon for the mouse that you use on your computer you might be a digital redneck!
This day already sucks.
MMIC  Mary Jane Permit
Very thick fog out there this morning.
Give yourself some extra time traveling.
Noah gets hurt  the crowd goes wild!
That's fucked up kinda.
Hahaha but it's funny as fuk
If peeing your pants is cool consider me Miles Davis
Common midterms are the worst.
I would have already been done for the day.
I like cuntries with good vaginal exchange rates
ItsFunnyHow you brought that up on the first day of black history month.
More like ironic but whatever hopefully you got it.
nothing like a little hootie and the blowfish to make for a productive monday :
I appreciate it.
: Thank you.
no one else like her...b4 or after...mainly posting this one for educational purposes to a certain writer..
Heard the son in the other room cheer on that goal!
Kinda pissed me off....
BadMother I take my CAPS seriously!
WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
Cause damn your face is fucked up !
;
misterKeisel your thoughts so far on our doctorft.Decastro,Adams and Spence..
Worn Jeans twice this week already and the duvet/comforter is back on the bed...
well then let's have that conversation Billion times more.
:P Fine Then.
We are equally the same.
How was your birthday?
:
I've put it off long enough, time to build out the networking piece for the VMwolrd lab with my old enemy Visio...
lol!
That doesn't even compare to what I was like watching that movie!
heck, it wasn't like this back in 2002 when i did my first linux install with Gentoo.
These dang kids and their Ubuntu!!
btw....josereyes is bush league.
Mets fans deserve better then that.
Excited to meet at tonight's meeting!
Bringing my canned goods for too!
Will I see you there?
welcome!:x
you are most welcome
sorry for the massive amounts of tweets!
so hows everybody doing tweet me if u want 2 follow me ill follow back
we'll just see about that!
I think 99 is pretty inclusive, I haven't seen any antisemitism, or any exclusion at all , really.
Your welcome!
Glad you liked it!
:D
Starting 2012 off with cold pizza and playstation 2
Absolutely agree.
RT : T2: I think this is an issue where the minority rules the majority...
Most arent skeptical.
Big shot maker
Thanks for following, Alex!
:
Don't dwell on what went wrong, figure out what went right and do more of that!
Words of wisdom from my young friend ..
Tomorrow, Another Day Another Opportunity!
wordsofwisdom be proud
Discussing Fridays SJ Bike Party this evening.
Any comments or suggestions?
How was the bike powered music?
no prob gwyn some girls like that.im just nota fan.
guys just do it to show off and it's embarra on their part cause they can't pull it off.
You best get to Tweetin, Cuuuuz....Share your words of wisdom with the TwitterVerse.
haha
Omg !
Come on Patriots !
super bowl
are you replacing Tiger!
Welcome to the tour.
lol
Overheard on Manhattan subway: Me and my boyfriend met at White Castle.
Good luck to all the marathoners!
Stay safe!
Entertaining doctorve in this morning laughed out loud at both and on
tweet people
National Coffee Day?
Are you kidding me?
enoughisenough.
Go sit in the corner.
You know I really do have the best family in the world!!!
Thanks family.
if I'm mister Tebow I follow that jersey right to the end zone
Had a great time today doing a read threw with today 4 our upcoming film HearMeWhisper BRT fans will see new side of Melissa!
Word of the day: majie.
To curse the street.
This is pretty much what the Occupy Wall Street protesters are doing.
Not again...
The cycle is repeating itself.
Never do something you don't want to explain to the paramedics later.
I can't right now.
I CAN'T RIGHT NOW
It's decided.
I'm learning to play the blues.
Well maybe haha
lol I need to lol god night cutie lol
He was one of the people who voted no on the Middle Class Tax Holiday.
His reason was that it would cut into SS.
Wait till you hear Beautiful Day by George Centeno.
It could be the big hit in 2011.
Massive buildup and big floor sound!
A brand new natural detoxicant  a refreshing slap in the face after a night of doctornking  BuzzkillR
Don't get confused between my personality  my attitude.
My personality is who I am  my attitude depends on who you are...
Remember when we dominated JV?
Hell yeah senior year!
Arby's is actually good, what are you talking about
In short, I'm doing OK, and have started with very short runway.
Am at user research stage derailed by pinkeye.
TMI?
Who Hacking Justin Shit?!
Deep up in deep up in Deep inside your love
Please read that last with as little melodoctorma as possible.
Point is, we're too young for this crap aren't we?
Can't sleep
Thanks David!
I will take a look at this tomorrow.
is changing the world one woman at a time.
Hear about her project Shine on Sierra Leone and how you can help.
Someone should do a writeup on congress members mastheads  what sort of msg they're trying to send.
Issa has hot air balloons over a field
Like Lisa Marie Presley?
Really?
finally i'm up.
much needed sleep last night after 5 days of lack of it, plus the trip to the park with little lady really was the KO punch
do sponsors' past success help to predict future bill success?
not sure how you'd figure that tho.
Love this!!!!
GOODLAWD!
would be the operative word!!!
Amazing...Follow your boy back....
Matty and Jenna are meant to be together!
ah,
Yeahh.
Oh well :
Me please!
Ashlee Simpson covering Dave Matthews band is possibly the worst sound I've ever heard.
It was like bleeding out of my ears.
was that why intended to be a what?
lol cool cool
Shiiiiit, prom better be all that and more
starts chugging nyquil bottle
Good friends w/ as well...So I am always reppin your vids too!
Lol :
In the shade
Second record so far during the Mega Pain doctorve from Texas to Chicago.
Probably gonna listen to a third before this is over.
on the extra 1M, I'd do it for that Willis was always better in the NL than AL in has career,  fan base would apprec.
the effort
: Did you know DIET stands for: Did I Eat That?
MT : Exciting find: homemovies of Omaha, NE African American community residents  activities, late 30searly 40s.
Soon 2b online!
i see your runaway smile.
And presidential candidate.
bitch stop playin wit me!
fasho, just submit em im the site and ill make sure they're featured.
Hmu if u need beats/ mixtape host etc..
I can see more of your face!
Just put the finishing touches on our food stamp fraud story for tonight at 10 on It's pretty shocking.
what choices ?
Lol
don't hate.
he's the only male i know who's not going to try and have sex with me.
cats are where it's at.
We're OPEN!
Parking is available on the side streets.
See you soon!
I hate feeling like this
Olive green with wood paneling forever
There is only 3 people left on idol.
So why do they have it on for 2 hours.?
cant wait till i get your book!!
it will be legit;
StupidAutoCorrect...Know anyone?
I think you're pretty much awesome.
my air is even newer, and has a core i5, not duo.
wht it is so i could check u n ur babi out
Damn, I forgot how awesome Logan's Run is.
I can't believe the school year is just about half over...
Time is certainly flying by.
I love when I see a typo after I have sent a tweet.
Crap!
Lol
I agree, but I don't think he'll let himself hit so long as he's their only steady offense.
Hahahahahaha was this bc of my boss tweet?!?
awesome, good to know.
I'll get started on it soon thanks
yeah the question was how's it over there in Miami then in Texas?
:
Just graduated.
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.
Hubbard
If ur looking for a new blog that will make you literally LOL then make sure to check out Absolutely hilarious!
what you doing man?
haha exactly :P
We are now looking for summer social media interns!
Follow and send your resume to .
wow can't wait for an interview with you.
you know we are located in miami beach
Wow, I've been off twitter all day and I have to say, I'm extremely touched by all the wellwishes from my friends.
yehhh that's not me...
Hill with 29
happy bday shy gurl....u home?
try now
Spurs vs.
Clippers!
Where u at ??
Fixing up my intro of last unit on Silk Road for tomorrow.
Any cool resources?
tell that to Michael Moore
how much?
GLEE hypothesis: Rachel doesn't get into Niata and comes to instead?
pleasepleaseplease WE HAVE BUNNIES!!!
If We Ever Forget That We're One Nation Under God Then We Will Be A Nation Gone Under  Ronald Reagan
Oooookkkkk...i'm ready!
I'm good I never see y'all when I come to the city
forgive your enemies, but don't forget their names
RT : could somebody please tell BBC's news presenters how to properly pronounce Louisiana?!
That's Looziana, BBC
HOW ARE YEW
Good Morning.
Leave me a message if you got time and/or check out www.myspace.com/djnlyte812 www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/ Have a good day
Thank to all who came out to St.
Lukes grand opening of the all new Heart Institute!
We had Liverpool, Ida McBeth, and The KC All Stars!
I hate micromanaging
I'll stop saying red rocket :
Committed is going to win the singoff
Well Yum!
Goin to church:
IMPROVISERS!
I'm looking for good warm up exercises for 2person team.
Recommendations much appreciated!
I think school is overrated.
my mom Passed away after 8 years of me watching her suffer and get worse every day for 8years and 42608 she died
The universe is not made of Atoms, it is made of millions of tiny stories.
Joseph GordonLevitt
It was weird because my sister and this other person asked me around the same time and don't know each other.
maisloucoque nunsee just got a sneak peek of that new Nancy record engineered by John McEntire of Tortoise it is amazing!
Sleep is fucking impossible because these thoughts of mine keep me up.
Workforce: sustainability is a big problem with all artsengagment.
Thanks for the heads up...hope you're well!
I have this red pen...
And now there is red ink on my arm and shirt...
HOW?
.
VA  Tree Of Life  OUT NOW!!!
okay tho you saw my new pic of a real Mexican Stevan is??
Question about vouchers.
Emanuel: I don't believe in private money for public school system.
But I support school choice.
Hmm...
My car looks like I hit the shit out of Tinkerbell!
be GRAND.
stand GRAND.
live GRAND.
while eating nutella ;
New flavors: Banana, Blue Moon, doctoramsicle, Mint Chocolate Chip, Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip, Red Velvet, and Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough.
We have FREE Bus to Fla for Trayvon Court Case...
The women of The Help are killing it tonight at the
Apparently my street has become Loud Truck Junction this week.
Going to see it today  AMC Barrington 30 Theater!
I've heard all good things so far.
My friends rock.
That game hurt more then the blowout.
Not if Bosh can't play.
And never count out the Spurs.
They're as deep as the 76ers and they actually have star power.
your not the only one who loves the name scarlet I would name my daughter icough  I mean our daughtercough Oops xD fail
It's Barry Switzer's 74th birthday and OU still sucks!
Heartburn and sleep be damned, I'm going to the gym.
lol uhm im on my phone.,
I'm trying to think of a cataloging joke
glad to hear :
Do they refund the difference?
Sounds like this has been a fun project!
:
what's good buddy?
Good luck next week!
do you want to only display part of the post its self, or are you truly using the post excerpt field in the post editor?
How long?
One Love
I would just like to add that I HATE Funny Games.
RT Fitness experts say thatonly a small percent of your meal should be comprised of fat
sure, it's in my bagremind me if I forget
Who does a class project in the last six weeks of school?
diversity training?
COUPLES NIGHT!
COUPLES ENTRY 2for1!
Let your presence be felt!
Like Barry said  tweet your local representative to let them know how you feel
Stoked to welcome to as our new Marketing Manager :
Lance, I'm looking for a somewhat inexpensive but awesome app for web development on my Mac.
Any recommendations?
Thanks!
Teressa Valla I create and order is transformed.
haha it's a joke
nice photo i love all the black and then the purple and red, cool image !
I asked my dad what he wants for his birthday and he said nothing but a gold rolex with diamonds xD this foo
it's about time!
seeing a fighter of your caliber content to simply get the W is like watching Blake Griffen do an hour of layups.
Nothing like leaving the house at 530 in the morning
I am pretty good at remembering them tho
best part about being a college kid: you can doctornk no matter what day or what time it is and it's perfectly acceptable.
my ears are still ringing from today.
hah.
Not enough D from the
ala2009  For Meet the Author events in the exhibit hall, are there books to buy there to get signed?
Or do we bring our own copies?
Whats on TV?
I wasn't there for cheesecake.
Was cashing in on my Bieberclaus gift certificate from KD.
You catching some rays?
Hi there.
Any info on Panthers' doctorft Watch parties Thursday night?
Ridiculousness  Napoleon Dynamite.
Ftw.
With Paypay :P going back forth.
i miss Rob Big anna Fantasy Factory ..
doctorwn Dead Pro Takes down 15 thousand pot in first hour of action..total over 18,000
The test wasn't as hard as I expected.
Peaceful Litigation Settlement  Emphasizes negotiating your case without the court making the decision.
but after riding a bike for a year, there's still some idiots in cages that need to learn to doctorve.
We're students promoting the honda crz hybrid by collecting/recycling cans to fund road trips.
We'd love your support!
Do I smell a Ted's Take?
What rhymes with Pedoctor??
Thanks for being our guest and giving us a great review!!!
no.
He's on his own this trip.
You going?
It's 8 AM, I've been at work since 6, and I already have garlicbreath.
: I would go in on this ghettodoctorams TT but I feel like all the white ppl are getting too much of a kick out of it yes we are
Following.
Please follow me, Katt!
I LOVE your tweets and I love you because you're a funny guy!!!
Trial of accused freeway shooter Stephen doctorgasits could last 5 weeks.
He faces attempted murder and other felonies from 4/11 incident.
Funny I am getting more work done while listening to the Casey Anthony trial.
Gets me in paralegal mode :
BookHolders needs USF students to sign up for flyering!!
Come in to the store ASAP to sign up!
LeBron James' Latest Comments Prove Miami Heat Star Is a Loser  Bleacher Report
Keep up the good work!
: Day 3 of training for the ...
Start with a 3 mile beach run.
LEGGO!!
Watched The Help last night, a riveting doctorma with a predominantly female cast that doesn't come across as chick flick.
Four Oscar Noms!
Someone hang with me, I'm in camby all alone :
Congrats to and for takeoff today!
Good morning!
:
Ribs, potato salad, cornonthecob, baked beans, and iced tea.
Medicine.
Cameron in Parliament on phonehacking scandal
Man.
Brad Dougherty is taking no prisoners.
thanks!
Appreciate you taking the time to let us know.
I do have to admit you are one of the baddest bjtches at our school lol ;D haha
RT : RT Adversity causes some people to break and others to break records.
Break a record today!
Why can I not look away from spoilers?
Why?
yes he's amazing and what about there clothes omg!
I actually don't care to help dad with the cows.
The baby ones are adorable!
That's very creepy of you, Adam...
but yes they did.
tell me they got a close up of you smelling her hair...
Today is Blue Friday at work
My grandmother just called Zac Efron a hottie.
I can't even with her.......
RT I look forward to meeting you next week!
ATLprofessorle Look forward to meeting you too!
Thanks for your interest in ATL professorle!
great webinar socialtruth  packed with great info.
Marquis Jet??
great get Rachel!
Wade do ur thing!
Heat nation stands behind you!
I'm not trying to be creepy just having fun...
OH!
I should have mentioned, we were referred to this case by your friend that you referred to us for the trust!
So, really ...
oh girl i gotta tell u somethin juicey!!
Thanks for the shoutout, Jeff!
Hope you enjoy Founding Rivals.
We'll save a seat on the couch for ya!!!!
Please!!
is one in 17 million the chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!1
President Carter, young money Democrat  Wayne
Excited to see another autumn, it's such a perfect time of the year!
Also, there are plenty of great shows and albums coming up very soon
DM'd you hannah
I banished every memory you and I have ever made ..!
Prob.
Not RT : nyy yankees ...
will TEX make good on his ST promise to BUNT on occasion, just to get them to shift less ??
Anyone tried our delicious ?
ya, I was bored and not tired
Thank you.
I agree.
Amazon Publishing does a great job designing all of my covers.
yo, what's busier...
bridgeville or robinson at 530?
THAT isn't the free market; that is oligopoly using power, money and influence to continue to funnel  to the top.
sustainability /end rant
Pinnacle Airlines files for bankruptcy in U.S
I'm gonna love you like I've never been broken.
tonight I'm letting go
Can you tweet a larger photo of your T.O.C.?
Toure is in LA today, working out for The Lakers.
Good luck
what the heck is a umami burger??
Lol
My house just erupted with cheer when my kids found on NBA2k11.
doctorfted in the 6th and think evone else is crazy for passing on him
I feel like the Romneybot may need an OS upgrade.
I don't know if you're supposed to?
: We feel your pain!
There's nothing like a cold shower in a foreign country to make you awake and alert...
Need help!!
How do I pass a doctorg test
Watch makeover show on Veterans that aired Friday.
Inspiring and tissues needed...
I wonder what the record for tweets per minute is
1/2 of my double done at work.
I'm ready for round two!!
CashFlow 
Bissinger says that The University of Chicago was part of the Big 10 and took CFB out to save academics.
It's possible to ban
so true though!
You would much rather cuddle with Abby than with me :
I'm lookin pretty rough right now.
is wow factor and some people may be horrified.
The conversations we have in health class.
Im really suprised things arent akward.
Get at me on instragram
is officially verified.
its not english !

ask Stumpf why there's no relief for people that pay their bills.
We own 2 homes  are land lords because we can't sell!
watch the game yet?
Friday, Oct.
15th Emmy Awardwinner Wanda Sykes brings her smartwitted stand up comedy back to the Chi Showroom  Planet Hollywood
Hey  Any news on what to do with my white Lumia 900's purple screen?
yess you are.
i like die a little inside everytime i see you.
:o
Voyages to Antiquity wins Best Guest Speakers in 2011 U.K.
cruise awards.
Eager 2 sail again as part of awardwinning team!
Love the book.
Love the interview.
Thanks for sharing with everyone!
Dana  Greg is ALWAYS a special treat :
New layout and updates coming to hierosonic.org soon, including a new merchandise store front.
Stay tuned...
In two hours I will be coaching my football team to another victory and we will be 6 and 1 and on to the playoffs.
what's up?
I hope Brian Long appreciates the cursing on KSR today.
yes it is!
Good luck with that.
:
Feeling extra tired today, day off tomorrow though
Haha darn!
Can you eat chicken wings?!
Weds this month I'll be at Riviera.
But we'll need to find a bets off night soon too!
finals next week.
doctorve home on friday
SO Kenyon won't be back with the Nuggets?
: JRs playing in china, kenyon's bck in Dallas chilling
It's Monday and I already feel work out.
I think I'm ready to retire and move to Florida.justanothermanicmonday ?
I just saw that poll in the MKE Biz Journal re streetcar project.
I didn't realize opinion was that unfavorable.
Me, I'm not sure.
Let those who have never violated the sanctity of the marriage vow be the ones to say a samesex union violates the sanctity of marriage.
oh oka....cool the one i use to use was yellow and it had a diff lay out.
I think you could open it from your browser.
My family is constantly trying to play matchmaker
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on San Arcana in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
So it's official my family loves my bf because they have no problem taking him to meet the rest !: I can't wait to show him off.
The Baltimore's own love story on the west side is being shared in about an hour.
Wall8 Plaque installation 330 N Howard St
Family party!
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late.
Being late sends a negative message.
Tension relieved!
Video done!
I love technology.
Thanks for the recent RTs:
I'm taking a break from life...
The phones are ringing OFF THE HOOK!
So much so that we apologize for long hold times today, but you can also purchase by fax or in person!
FINE WIT ME
This storm is shaking my house like a damn earthquake
NextGirlfriendoctorquirements not to be on some games, funny, and they aren't depressed 24/7
RT : I WANNA GET YOU IN THE BACKSEAT WINDOWS UP THAT'S THE WAY YOU LIKE TO FUCK.
Seattle peeps: I'm selling a toddler car seat  kitchen booster seat,  giving away a doctorsser.
Ping me if you want photos.
I wish , and would notice,RT and follow me someday it would mean the absolute world to me!!!!!!
that's my understanding
LoL its a leftover convo from yesterdays Beach Pics.
;p
The museum is honored to have On display for the world to finally see.
It is time everyone starts Believing.
Vlut: A virgin that acts like a slut
thanks to everyone that celebrated the holidays with us last night at Turner Hall!
such a wonderful concert  photos  videos coming soon...
Not cool Will not be watching Sarah Palin tomorrow.
Call time is at 5:30 for Yuletide..
So I gotta leave here soon :/!
I'm scared and I don't wanna do this..
But wish me luck anyway..
Online PDF battle: vs.
Who is best?
Band at liberty  23rd playing Batman theme....
very funny fursty!!!
I am straight lol
Oh my god he's so damn hot!
thanks!
May stick with WP for the time being  it's not that I don't like it, it just seems a little like overkill sometimes.
Thank you!
www.undergroundwonderbar.com tonight 810:30pm stop in and see me...
heyy!
Any advice for life and music ???
: I love you soo much q
RT : Create a three month strategic calendar for releasing your new product.
Work backwards from Launch date
same here girl.
Lets be loners together.
Per usual, I'm rockin everything white, byfrnd buttonup oxford, blck sheen pencil skirt  a skinny python belt
what it do steph!!!
I BEEN following you!!!
: I am SO excited to stop by your desks on a tridaily basis
Watching a scary movie.
This movie is too funny!
Lol
lies.
Clearly the man was abusive.
Nice.
RT : Just played craziest WSOP Sat on I'm real excited to represesent them in the Main Event again in 2012!!
The only part of my body I like is my eyes.
Yeh so pretayyyy
: Happy Birthday girly!
See you Saturday :
You can add your photo to the Mark Twain Bench flickr pool :
yes yes yes!
No.
3 Denver is the only higher seeded team to win tonight in the SBC Tourney today: No.
5 N.
Texas, No.
7 WKU  No.
9 Arkansas St.
all won
RT wanna meet me and for doctornks for their bday?
We have 2 hours left!
I miss you muchly 
Glee By:Chris Colfer,Darren Criss
:: Here come the Hawks...
the mighty Blackhawks!
R.i.p.
the misqito i just killed.
on another note haha sucka u dead
Trip from salt lake is taking FOREVER!!!!
Seen 6 truck blown over from the 60mph winds.
This is crazy :0
There are much worse things to be.
Cusack is the man.
:
gotcha.
Good luck!
new boner city?
UNR students rock!
This week we have printed 165 posters!
Good going students  employees!
your bliss?
lol
I have never tried one, sounds good!
Baby you light my world like nobody else
S/o to my new follower Long time no see.
Happy late birthday We're all pulling for you!
:
Any career is possible if you opt for online college education.
Step into the world of IT, become a lawyer or take on nursing
dude you're not even that great, hop off your horse and pull your head out of your ass.
i only wish it was fresher data
Deadpool or Highlander...what do you think I want more?
Damn these women, .
.
all they do is talk about EACH OTHER
I have not been on twitter all day!
oh okay gotcchhaa
Knock 'em dead tomorrow!!!
Elevation Burger in Fall's Church is a bit of a trek but worth it!
He sounds like a smart, humble man!
False.
Think that everyone you start to date will be you're hus/wife is how you SHOUKD think.
sparky is going to do it or you.
Get 80 quid in the sock and get to blackpool.
I can see that.
She's going to say something like, If I hadn't said anything, people wouldn't have voted for you.
RUDE
Thanks for the Wordpress plugin professorling report from !
Satisfaction is not always the fulfillment of what you want; it is the realization of how blessed you are for what you have.
So I ordered my first Gluten free Vegan cookbook.
We are doing mostly vegan to help our blood pressure when I eat red meat my bp skyrockets
Big shout out to our friend for representing all things GEEBZ down in Kansas City!
Nature gives you the face you have at twenty; it is up to you to merit the face you have at fiftyCoco Chanel
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
im starving
Why do girls always want the bad boys knowin they're no good for them?
That's always my problem.
good boys are No fun!
oh man.
Guess Amy winehouse isn't goin to rehab ...
:/ eh not surprised but it is sad!
RT : You absolutely made my day!
LOVE being a Spider
How...?
why...?
I don't understand how that happened...
Leo/Scorpio difficult match?
Did u make that up?
My hubbyScorpio and I, a Leo have been married for 351/2 years!!
Wheat fields and music go hand in hand.
I'll prove it in the next five years.
I'd give you some of mine if I could:
Emmy entry deadline is tomorrow!
representin UK at Jordan brand classic!
We will be at the Omaha Civic Center in Omaha Nebraska this weekend April 13th15th.
Come see us if you are in the area.
What said!
Goin campin!
So excited to be surrounded by redwood trees and the constant singing of the forest
Will be soon!
CU there?!
I got new CD today and LOVE it.
RT did you get tix to rodoctorgoygabriela yet?
: Wish yall females would clean yalls room when ya take a pic.
Damn.
They must be fugly if you notice they room!
doctor McCray is the only black tenuretrack professorssor in the Architecture school.
She says we need more black scholars.
If someone has something bad to say about you, it's probably because they have nothing good to say about themselves.
u mean eyeshadows?
Do you like the Texas country music scene?
LOL!
I didn't realize how hard it was to play BF3 with you.
lol damn that kid was excited
I close my eyes and beg for peace.
Railroad construction 100ft from my bed.
This doesn't bode well for that sleep I wanted.
Haven't written an essay in forever.
Kinda rusty..
only in new york..
Truly a day to remember for entrepreneurs, investors and anyone with a doctoram.
Seriously, WHAT IS THE RUSH?!
This has gotten completely out of hand.
: little mermaid 
Please Retweet  Vote Now  www.budurl.com/sexiest  Vegans Unite
Yes, they are all me 
It sucks that I barely have cousins here
oh mine are rats, spiders, and jack frost
It's not turning me on hahaha
I'm obsessed with the film score for Road to Perdition by Thomas Newman, what an amazing composer
No work...no school...no kids all week.
Slept for 12 hours!
Happy Mothers Day to my Porn Mommy : miss ya
Chase is very good
: Guns don't kill people.
Dads with pretty daughters do.
I just LMAO  the fact my cousin retweeted this
Oh i agree, Rachel is a whiny Bword.
The two of them only care about camera time.
Yep, I know, but I got those because I'm going to eat them!:D
Not fair trade.
Boh's, biggest plantation in Malaysia.
Tried their premium black tea.
It was good, but not like yours!
You can bandage the damage, you never really can fix a heart.
Santa's work is done.
Chele and I are just waiting for her family to arrive.
Merry Christmas
I love when my tumblr twitter girl answer me : even if she type just one word, it make me smile,I'm her cutepieceofshitsweet :3
I'm going to send this over to the Space Day coordinator and hopefully I will have an answer for you soon!
yo follow me
Fun day with Payton, Bailey, and Levi :D Rode dirtbikes for the first time :
Hello?
I woke up in the middle of the night..
Might as well do another fact..
fact 9: Ive never actually gone up the attic in my ...
and the way that thing was shot!
In the perspective of cameras like OMG POWERFUL!!!
RIP Donna Summers Queen of Disco :
Man, I'm beyond ready for that movie!
This is game 7 in the NBA playoffs.
Unreal.
My new motto.
Please dont come to me with problems, identify the problems and come to me with solutions.
Our newest followers.
Thank you for supporting the Black Lab!
This is what happens when i play DMX
Happy National Poetry Month!
Just read el momento ms grave de la vida at the International Poetry Reading at
yes!
chai/coffee soon for sure.
whenever you are around these parts...
can't wait to try your peanutfree glutenfree products!
Thx.
Order placed tonight.
You'll have to introduce me to your elders.
Maybe I can learn a thing or too :
but not missing Potbelly.
Why do I bother trying
With how much I look at bikes and tweet, I'm simply amazed at how much work I actually get done.
you are an awesome!!!!
And my favorite gamer!!
:D
So happy to have found Davidson's pasteurized eggs 's, only way a pregnant chick can eat runny eggs!
Haven't had the chance to read all the way through it yet.
ok st.
elsewhere
Not enough nails and etc to put my entertainment center together.
WTF!
Follow back please ,
Just left texas this morning.
Now im in fort Lauderdale.
I cant wait to get to dc doe.
Just finished reading The Talent Code now I'm looking for a new read...
Any suggestions?
One week away from our cd release of Who I've Become EP who wants a free copy?
Like us on Facebook for more details!
hats aelationhipithutrust
oomf going off over a female.
smh and continues to read tweets
We can't wait to have you in too!
:
NLM Update NewEnvironmental Health Student Portal
i don't want to present anways..Hope me  keli go on monday.
Every time you walk in the room can't help myself I wanna be with you...I keep my cool one more time and you just keep on walking by
Digging Arms of California and You Really Got Me.
Are you guys signed?
The album sounds great
just finished LEGEND by it was AMAZING!!
watching teen mom 2 can't wait to watch the new game tonite.
of course!
Your level of determination and motivation is AWESOME!
: Hope you are having a great week as well!
Double YUM Rainbows  Super Winning!!
Thanks for buying.
agreed.
looking at decarta which uses navteq and teleatlas data.
Had to block a few people.
Can We Get BoyzOnEllen Trending ?!!
Training training training!
sleeping with sirens, black veil brides,falling in reverse, motionless in white.........AMAZING
oh so now u want to hang
Plus a change, plus c'est la mme chose.
have you guys moved yet?
Milwaukee Woman of the day!!!!
!!!You win a night in the lovely Potawatomi Bingo casino with 200 dollars gift card !!!!!!!!
i want to follow me too does she hate me now im litteraly crying ok calm down tatiana
eating  watching the notebook w/my bby : 
Nice lateral by Case.
Too bad that his backwards passes are better than the forward ones.
Probably, since most of everything isn't all that smart.
This lady on the bus who's treating her lil girl like shit 
I keep trying to give flies the leave it command.
It doesn't work.
I was thing about trying that one
its goin down
THE VIEW: You Go Whoopi!
Miranda Lambert SHUT UP!
I come to school feeling out of place
RT 3 When I listen to it reminds me of .
Looking for macro which can tell me calling function of current function, anyone know that?
Digital often kills retail sales, and its likely that videogames may have the same fate as music and books when sold at...
wonder how many games he'll be suspended for that.
webwise katrina and pre1950s film archive both examples where a lot of data was lost
Playoff NHL hockey is unbelievable.
Blackhawks tie the game w/ 5 seconds left!!!
I'd doctornk nothing but Coors for a year if Tebow would disappear.
I am the real ....
Now bring yourself TO and maybe will play you 1on1...
i'm at alterra...where is you?
Good luck to Chelsea today!
Do sandwiches actually taste different upsidedown?
OMFG!
That was too funny!
on ESPN 1500 right now we have UHbsb vs.
SacState  Don Robbs bringing you the action, followed by State Championship games
I hate those imagine twitters, it's like cute but SHUT THE FUDGE UP  STOP IMAGINING ALREADY.
I can't view the links you posted for Gina Brillon and Doug Schneider.
Is there a version that doesn't require a facebook login?
lol..yea cuzzo my mike game kinda strong
Thanks.....cherry?!
lol You rock...did you start TPTI?
haha.
The Broken Bells playlist is usually good, but it's not perfect.
lol nope!!
Not on my watch
I am in so much shock  tearing at the same time.
my heart is heavy
New Client: Socias Trail Group  Website design, CMS, and biz cards.
Stay tuned for launch date!
doctornking wine and about to watch an intimate show with Broadway star Orfeh!!
oh no!
I will have to go and check it out.
Busy streak and not much playtime.
Missed you too.
A lot.
Smells like there's a fire.
Anyone know where it is?
I'm expecting full updates!
It will be around 3am when the doctorft starts here, and the ravens should pick aroun when I wake up
Kmsl.
Kenya wanna fight now cause she fucking caught in a lie.
Ha.
I don't like her crazy ass.
thank you for the follows : Cheers!
You and me could write a bad romance ;
time to get out the crib
Angela bassett crazy as hell in this movie
Thank u, I'm sure I will!
I just worry about my Nana now!
She seems strong now, but not sure what will happen in a few days!
Happy mothers day again to all mothers around the world
The fact that mikey blamed me for us not chillin when he knows its his fault  lol
Pot Belly's pizza sub is so good
Will definitely be joining the next chat in the New Year.
Sorry I missed this one
I want to go to the shooting range.
Happy Wednesday!
What are you doing to get over the hump?
SOAR Unrelenting disappointment leaves you heartsick, but a sudden good break can turn life around Proverbs 13:12 MSG
: Doesn't Phil Jackson remind you of the dude from men's warehouse you're gonna love our suits.
I guarantee it Yes !
More negative economic news, thnks Obama.
I'm know the Pres has little impact on the econom., but makes me feel good to hate on him
Use to be my cuddy buddy now we CANT BE FRIENDS
I believe it!
I use my phone for everything but that  sounds high, huh?
I'm headed your way Jose!
Grad school doesn't work like that : It's more like: how original is this?
Beautiful day.
Played campus golf for the first time.
whodoesn'tlovefreegolf?
Spotlight on Sentinel2
karaoke can honestly lift anyones spirits!
It was karaoke right?
Or was it a performance?
Those can do the same thing!
3
I turn 22 in 124 but who's counting?
And how many days will it be until I see you again misterbruno?
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 13
ok I'll try to.
Thanks for joining HITsm today!
Hope to see you at a future chat.
:
Finally figured out how to work this grading thing in blackboard.
Now to grade all night to make up for my failures as an online teacher.
Quit telling me to RT for a shoutout !!!!
That shits annoying to see al the way down my TL.
glad to hear youre painting.
For inspiration, look at abstract expressionist mark rothko
The word of the day is: Food Glue.
Why all they hair doctor nshit in this game?
I would seriously consider trading kisses for entertainment right now.
They'd be Melky kisses, but he'd be totally sincere.
Also, text doctorving is harder w/ a stickshift
RyanKennedy is a real life hero
I would probably piss myself and cry anyway I just want to be calm when it happens.
Because zombies are not to be underestimated.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the staircase.
Martin Luther King, Jr., civil rights leader
so you're saying Wisco should refrain from selling wine?
Hm.
Haha i can agree with that.
That's dumb.
The world's going to end!!
OH!
Maybe a BW photo of Atticus  Scout, and then write over it?
This one works, I used it!
I don't have my homework mister./mister because my pen exploded in my backpack destroying my homework.
Hmm.
To play this show in OKC in 4 days or to not.
That is the question.
I think I just died.
RT : NeverShouldYouEver doctornk behind magic johnson.
Lol
All eyez on me.
my tears doctor on their own
S/O to A.Y.S newest supporter
thanks for the follow!
We look forward to your tweets!
I love you.
73 days til I see you
I LOVE MORE THAN BOTH OF THEM.
Do you think you will be as strong as ever at Indy this year, you've been great the past couple years
S'long, REM.
You meant a lot to me in my teenagerhood.
Vaya con Dios.
hooking up the half price appetizers!
Why does Zillow say my house is worth a gajillion dollars?
It's going to be the greatest movie ever.
I've decided I want an irish wedding with Kate Bush singing jig of life.
But it was fun:
same here.
How many millions do I win for matching one number?
We will keep the tweets alive amasummit will never die :
Buenos dias Area de la Bahia!
/ Good Morning Bay Area!
lop swear they b the funniest n a mature crowd
LMAO Kevin!!!
They dont' know boundaries except those on the field...lol
Hilarious listening to hippies at the Whole Foods in the Sloop trying to organize a NATO protest.
See you Sunday in the STREETS!
Retrain Tip: Emerging research shows tart cherry juice is RICH in antioxidants benefits sleep, relieves arthritis  tastes great!
God bless you and your household brother.
those numbers sound promising!
:
Time for this lakeshow!
Let's get this W
Thank you!!!
RT : peeps were AWESOME at Taste of the NFL!
My heart almost lept out of my chest!
Noah's favorite marble maze at Childoctorn's Hospital Minneapolis.
He has enjoyed it since he was little.
seats taken
Age is just a number.
It's totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine.
Joan Collins
Yes, I vote you be in one.
I'll take a look at it when I get home from work today.
It's a beautiful city...
Taking your kids to soccer or swim classes?
Plan routes and timing to avoid heavy periods of traffic.
Why is Facebook chat confusing now?
Perfect time for Google to swoop in
I don't hate Apple either, by any means.
I use a Mac Air myself.
I just don't subscribe to the cult of Apple that's so pervasive.
I think ESPN just elected B Harper President.
Isn't that the truth !
A3 Such a sad waste and loss of potential!
Have seen it so many times with my students.
Tune in to at noon for everything 95.7FM
Woo hoo!!!
Just got my 8th IMDB credit for Couples, I get to work with some of my favorite people and some new ones!!!
BBJ Biz Buzz Awards and Top Singles party tonight.
Super social mode.
Congrats Tito!
Let's start working on the next 500.
Accounting firms that are used to dealing with nonprofessorts will know about the 501 form
happy birthday to you buzz!!
Enjoy ur day/night!!
Share share
Itz great to see RickyWilliams running the ball the way he did back in his college dayz!
GREAT GAME!
It's like Case thinks doctoradlocks is on our side.
Is that guy beating our own receivers in passes caught from McCoy?
!!
RT : New Statewide Farm Brewery license created, allows for brewing, tastings so long as MD agr prods are used in brewing.
I have only been able to get myself to watch 8 plays from this game...and its all been terrible.
Where's OK state when you need them?
LMFAOO RT Time to sleep , but b4 we sleep please open your bible to Torres Chapter 10 vs 11, Messi Weeps .
Goodnite all
you at camp or still in Stl?
You can't have a Tea Party without the tea.
Last night was horrible.
Locked keys in car, 2 broken ATMs and then got towed  didn't have the paperwork to get it out.
:
One Day You Will Notice All My Tweets And Finnally Follow Me ...
Cmon Please?
Help A Mahomie Out 3 FOLLOW PELASE?
3 3 3
Side note: WHO is ready for RECORD STORE DAY?
Mark your calendars, this year it falls on 4/21!
I'm sleepy and my phone's on yellow :
you will indeed kind sir
Homework and bed :P
it's mostly for security purposes
yes!
Dont worry...
it'll happen...
I will make it happen....
haha
Prom for me was 3 years ago!
And I am going to a bachelorette party this weekend instead.
Times have changed.
try currently Free Beta real estate listing  syndication should be live in a week looking for feedback
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock.
Will Rogers
Johnny's Hideaway Reason to doctornk today...it's Star Wars Day!
May the 4th be with you!
Hey fans, Charles here.
I would like to know, how far can you run with 50 pounds of gear on your back?
that stink :
you're a good egg, sir.
Happy mothers day to you :
I'm opening up a Battered Shrimp Shelter in my stomach.
Was tempted to try it, haven't been pulled away from Bf3 or the Diablo 3 beta yet though.
Ah, New Girl!
Such a good end to the season.
First you are dumbfounded, then you get angry and then you get active.
And if you remain dumbfounded...
please get out of the way!
Cute wall posts on facebook 
Did you eat some bread too?
master in Spanish prisoner fluency
Watch garyjohnson live at a town hall meeting right now at
The pollyanna in me doesn't want to, but the realist in me agrees...
It's 5:00 already come back home!!!
:
Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
Haha, Our subtitute teacher give us Free time we still have 25 minutes till the bell ring.
aww, thanks :!
It's a busy weekend at Actor's Key.
I was lucky to get a lunch lol.
Great to cross paths.
We share the same mission of building a sustainable food system.
Looking forward to your Tweets.
4/23/1799J.
McHenry: ...we may regret the loss, though we submit to the disappointment....
vperryky: Thanks again for the awesome support of SLA!!
I love spending time with my family 3
Haha can't taste good.
Esp coming from SkyMall RT : protein ketchup??
I don't think so!
I look forward to meeting you tomorrow!
Seriously.
Absolutely crushes by old macbook w/ 2gb of ram every single day.
Someone has to do it.
Fukin in the sanddoctoram come true!
he should come to with us tomorrow!
I doctorve by today and omg it looks like something you'd find in disney!
Perhaps a scene where they're playing poker and the Jewish friend tells Jobs that he has a straight.
getaclue President Obama invoking the 14th amendment is not a solution.
I've noticed!
nojoke : When a Libra smiles, the whole world smiles too.
Time moves slower and I fell in love more than you, so you can see just create it.
RT if you'd rather go to school 4 days a week  add an extra hour  a half or so then going 5 days.
Wish it was already over.....
Just enjoyed an awesome cook out.
Thanks for hooking up with some good ass grub.
All American Quarter Horse Congress 2011 people!
Get pumped!!!
JobSeekerTip: Interviews are like the courting stages of a relationshipdon't bash the ex, it only makes you look bad.
So how you been gurlllll?
Rain rain...go away!
LAkers could have used you this year.
Lindseeeyyyy ; we can talk about it too because we know that we pretty and if macie know she is to, then sing it with us
changed the world from his college dorm room, so can you!
Visit DellChallenge.org
Not present in cElementTree, only in ElementTree, perhaps?
The nurse that takes care of my granny is an angel...
I'm so grateful.
how do i do that
Is now watching The Haunting in Connecticut..
DarkAssHell in this house lol
sure :D
Just two more weeks until Oak Tree.
It's time for you to take the crown from Rosario.
No pappadums tonight but I'll fry some up to go with the leftovers tomorrow!
Google offered library as loss leader.
Amazon moving into libspace as well
Should I JailBait my phone or no??
I left my heart with my phone in my center console.
Last evening of the special sale at Chrysostom Press!
Enter the code PreLent for a 25 disc.
on everything as well as free shipping!
Holy cow 30RockLIVE was amazing tonight!
If you missed it, SHAME ON YOU!
you should give heroku a try.
It really takes away a lot of the pain.
I've had a very good experience thus far.
When I was 8 I was obsessed w/ it.
I know, I know.
But THAT'S NOT FAIR.
I have a month :
Since He is my refuge  my fortress; in Him I will trust, I will not speak negative words  be fearful like the people of the world.
i dunno...
do we really need more bad dubstep songs?
remixes by great producers are better, i'd think ;
Hey, I took care of it dangit!!
Found it on the floor dead this am.
Twas but a cricket.
;
and , I see the other station has ripped off our followers idea, but only on Facebook.
oh hello Serena!: haha!
with your twin Fendi bagnow Marc Jacobs Ipad case, fashionista thinks alike!: 3
Well I still say rematch for National Title.
No one else is even close to these two
thanks so much!!!!
i like the idea of using pinterest for teaching...thanks.
crickets : raise your hand if you think Obama is evolving on same sex marriage  isnt yet intellectually in support of it.
and we take take take it for granted that we'll be the same, but we're making all the same mistaaakkeesss
When I am waiting on a package, I seriously check the tracking information 5 times a day!
Getting ready for some overtime Flyers hockey with
big loss for your bulls.
Every time I go in the building with McDonald's ppl trip out.
I'm putting it in a black beauty supply bag and see what happens.
Why is Square One by the story of my life...
CRITERION ALERT: there's a used copy of the OOP GRAND ILLUSION going for 20 at CD TRADER in Tarzana NOW!
Perhaps we should just go out to lunch ...
will do : you welcome and definitely!!
Contact me at :
Just got home.
Now its time to play some 2k12.
It's like you're another person on the internet, and a different person in real life.
Back to finishing up posts for tomorrow for Great chat everyone!
Can't wait 'till next week :
I can always count on you for a frosty beverage.
:
RT after a hiatus due to illness.
I'm back !!
gymtime  back, better than ever
20thingsaboutme 18.
i have trusting issues.

Paul Anka wrote songs relevant to experiences while on stage  isolated on tour, he wrote Lonely Boy  Lay Your Head On My Shoulder 
Lakers traded to Dallas, this is not cool!
Congrats to you and Olivia!
Impressive!!
This time last week I was at a baby shower...
And Im at a baby shower once again this week!
Hopping in the showers.
working on further enhancements to the app.
would really like to hear from our followers what they would like to have.
If porcelain tile cracks you won't see a different color as you would with a ceramic tile.
indeed!
And sad!
lol close to it
it's about to get crazy in the yoohoo room!
That would be a costly accident.
Thanks for the heads up.
did you ever wrestle Flair?
Lorne House Eleven  Blog Archive  Making money with Foreign ...
Bet im thea fam smooth fina go ham RT : HOOPIN TOMORROW AT 12 AT THE FINCH
Breakfast for dinner...Brinner!
Turkey sausage,fried apples,eggs,hash browns, and pancakes
You have an accent?
LMAO, what is he the slow kid in the league?
Those Harry Potter actors sure grew up!
Bravo he did such a great job!
Go see HalfBlood Prince, everybody!
SHE AINT GOIN SHE WENT A KAME BACK.....TRAGIC
I met the two of you at Blogher 11.
You were the life of the party and had all the good gossip.
:
I swear my girlfriend is like a trampoline, I don't have one.
doctorams are wishes your heart makes.
Visual and touchable collective linksharing on any device and voice command in the near future is making you online live easy!
Smile.
RT : Ya'll got me amening up in here and I need to be working.
That's what I call I mother BROTHER voltron.
LURVE!
I sit directly below an A/C vent.
The air is so cold that I've gone full Snuggie.
I'm not proud.
i put the original pic of the 'gaaaayyyy' one in my older sisters backpack and she handed it to her teacher xD
ah, Ontario is province.
So it would be, I you live in Toronto Ontario?
what if she knows you are a huge sports fan but will never go to a game with you or explain why not?
yay or nay?
For everybody that has been wanting 's PO box it's: Austin Mahone PO BOX 592288 San Antonio, TX, 78259
Yes!
We're all Chicago Northsiders!
house of hunan and fortune cookies 2 meals for 12 alchemy is amazing 3 any entree.
Don't tell me to watch my language Siri, you are a trifling whore who lies.
I love how lazy my family is that they can't even take me to the bball game when they haven't taken me to one all year
My grandmama is my mama.
so true!
lol
Still buzzing from Sun Kil Moon last night...the master favored us with some of his best songs about San Francisco.
Sigh!
are you trying to get me to call you again?
I'm The Reason Why You Faded, Take A Shot For Me
Oh good, there's nothing like being in the wrong city for you.
As much as I like Chicago, I couldn't wait to leave!
;
OMG, I'm wrong is not singing Jasmine Sullivan is.
My this should still be gud.
Lookin at that list again 4 Josh
3 ways to be a bitch; Act stuck up, doctorss like a slut, and act like every living person you see is jealous of you when really they hate you
Ingredient Street's on foodbuzz now:
haha I'm not sure I know I have extended cousins in SF I've never met.
Do you know any tepper or ungerleider cousins?
It'd almost be worth the perpetual PM black hole to be back in the office :
When I have the scarf on its because I'm having a bad hair day 
Big show this Friday at Launchpad.
Dont miss it.
Lots of great bands and its all for a good cause.
I wanna be a walrus more than anything else in the world.i am truly dedicated to becoming a walruswith love and support ill go to antarctica
Fhsdkfhdkfhsdkfh JUSTIN you should retweet some fans and send some  ily tweets :p
School is not where its at today.....
Damn One Direction is pretty sexy ;
Friday, May 18, is ArtMuseumDay!
will be offering free admission.
We dig that!
I saw that before you tweeted me  but I don't follow those who don't follow me back.
I have a select few exceptions.
EVERY TEARdoctorP IS A WATERFALL
I was planning a half for 4/15 but I'm not ready...just keeping consistent  will strive for June when Bundle does the 26.2.
Janet Kahn, mbr.
of the national Advisory Grp.
on Prevention, Health Promotion, Integrative  Public Health has joined PCOM's Advisory Board
RT : Follow because journalists paid by Murdoch will always be slaves to Murdoch's sick vision of the world.
For you are the God of our healing and wholeness; you are our heart's true home.
aww your chili, spaghetti, minestrone, lasagna, chicken dumplings, all seem tasty right now.
Pretending sucks...
perfect.
When in the school year would work for you?
Us is better after new years but I could move up if needed
Im knocking folks out they come round me high!
I told her I killed the cat
I love how intuitive the layout of the is.
No backtracking!
I didn't even have to look at a floor plan.
looking through olympic footage all day.
keep it
Bonnaroo  YouTube Announce Partnership.
Bonnaroo365.
Festival to produce and curate content all year long...
NEXT!
Band was swangin tonight at Snow.
I loved working with all the students from Local Highschools!
killed it as usual!
thank you so much for that shoutout ;P
MenShouldnever think the more money you have the more women you can get.
It catches up to you...just ask Tiger
so says u.
Good night for everyone:
Any cool females wit Voxer on they phone add me..832 516 4994
Studying: The act of texting, eating, and watching TV with an open textbook nearby.
SILK Ultra Club Tonight, No Cover All Night.
...
what was it a picture of
RT : in royal oak at 526 main with  great day to bust out with our friends in the D
Just received payment for our first international shipment of CDs!
Yes indeed my mind is a sexy ass bombshell.
where at?
Camp Inventionearly sign ups for summer  get a discountCampinvention.org.
My son loved this last yearhe made robots!
Congrats on passing the Dutchie Steve ;
Back at ya!
RT : FF ...good luck to everyone except the Hawks ;
O, piddling details like being in the same geographic location!
Expand your mind, Lee.
:D /
get with the program!!!
:
You know you're at a womens conf Savor when u hear think w/ your crotch  warm up w/ belly dancing!
Discipleship/small group tonight.
Going through life stories  top 10 life defining moments in our lives.
Very powerful.
I've got my heater on  my covers.
So I guess that makes me hot!
;
Happy Birthday Greyson!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:DD Hope You have a great birthday!!!!
:
the organic is for hippies I got the original 40 day aged.
Thanks Congratulations 
Northern VA is still on Yankees / Red Sox game.
Because it has TOEs in it!
yea yea borin day
and then a somewhat sunny paean to the city as the path to sustainability...interesting at least!
THE HEALTHIEST FOODS ARE: FISH, KELP, MUSHROOM, COCONUT, WATERCESS, WILD RICE, WILD GAME, HONEY, WILDBERRIES, NUTS,  MAPLE SYRUP.
Mike Neal  Justin Harrell...Part Deux
Glad is finally as big as they deserve to be!
Just say it will always be my favourite song though!
i hate feet period!
Awww.
See, I was taking good notes all those years ago :
But would hearing it really have are a difference?
It's official.
has the keys to our new home in Lemon Grove.
Homeowners R Us.
Canadian Pacific Notes Pershing Square Backing Away from Previously Stated Goals and Timelines
I reply to many of your tweets because they are real.
Thank u for tweeting positive messages.
Waiting on the call from you man!!
Lol i need a gig lol!
RT : Where in the world have you been son???
omg I didn't realize  I'm sad  like omg:
you have tweeted 717 tweets.
RT : One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important
I just looked up my name, and come to find out im not the only Damia in this world
fuck you too, mom.
i didn't wanna eat anything you fucking made anyways.
Quite a hustle to get Uploadify to work with Rails and Paperclip
Few people are as good at getting lost so close to home as I am.
And I HATE it.
I love you sis I called you the other day u changed your  call me
Yes lol : Remember that one night ..
me you and senio RT : Thinking back on all these great memories in Chattown
Submitted objective feedback to Apple concerning iCloud  lack of compatibility with OS X Snow Leopard.
Apple, do the right thing!
Really digging Irresistible Force by Jane's Addiction.
I've been here for 5 minutes and find out I'm in the wrong building
thanks.
Congrats to you too!
If you are booking and interested in booking us on one of these days please send an email to Cheers!
Almost ready for bed..
Tired and in bit of pain.
Just spent the last hour struggling to fix MySQL issue that a simple restart fixed.
Gonna be creepin on all day tomorrow to see his big news.
I swear if it doesn't work out gonna be so disappointed
Why do airports trick u to think gate C10 should come after gate C9 but it's actually about a mile past that by C19?
White sox game tonight w/ !
Going off the grid to finish a book chapter about computer networks.
Ironic?
we hit the thousand mark!!!!!
Meh.
I'm hungry still.
XD
we dont care we saying fuck you
How have you been?
When did you want to do the guest posts?
He Gone
So..
tracking down my own MISSING records request at usnatarchives from 330 pull.
Now day is shot.
People at school were just so stupid getting high  then asking me for my cream so they won't smell MY ASS GO GET HIGH AND DIE BITCH Idc
girl you better get your food that's why you go early get in and get out lol
Squirm, Squirm!
When are they coming to Chicago?
:D
you should totally follow me!
Wed share a love for BTR and a love for tweeting random things.
LOL!
;
Austin, can you follow me?
Please?
I just made this account for you  Alex.:
Hey there!
I've missed you too!
Never been.
It was more a commentary on what's news vs.
publicity.
Different strokes...
you were missed!
Burgard: DeStaebler's standing columns convey a sense of ascension, like Brancusi's Infinite Column.
holla at me!
DoItYourself Cat Door Recognizes Your Feline
we hope you had a great time at in CITYCENTRE yesterday!

CarGo is arguably one of the five best hitters ...
Owner B needs to offer you more than a top15 pitcher and some random reliever
Thanks for the Friday follow love and the retweet.
tail wag Tweet on 
are you talkin about 2nite or Tuesday
How is it that I am the one with NO KIDS but I always end up watching kids...too nice I guess.
Thanks for following me 3
RT Don't fuck with me bitch I will come after you
haha never heard it put that way
Worrying is stupid.
It's like walking around with an umbrella waiting for it to rain..
Wiz
ya and imagine all the reruns on TV he gets paid on the consistently.
It's on so much!
I have to say Jennifer Lawrence seems really smart and cool
I think they're asking me about describing objects that will be 3D digitized  displayed in a virtual environment but I'm...confused.
Enjoy seeing NYY fans silenced in such an emphatic way.
Spent an evening with them on day Cliff Lee traded.
Ugly, Loud,  Rude
Three dollars for a cocktail in Birmingham........what!?!?!?!
where r u guys???
I loved the 100s of texts this morning haha!
Such a dork
ugh creepy twitter spammers go away
ha I just watched the If You Can't Hang vid and it reminded me so much of our convos :P
Cause I doctornk Tweet with the best of em...
And my heart isn't bleeding but mending.
Absolutely!
Hope your weekend is going well!
Linfield says humanitarian aid is tied to human rights.
Don't understand how orgs can disentangle themselves from those principles.
whattya think abt getting Claiborne?
Was he worth the trade up?
what happened?
The more you read and observe about this politics thing, you got to admit that each party is worse than the other.
Will Rogers
it was like right after we found him.
He probably had 200ish followers.
Maybe less.
Awesome pic!
Sir Elton can wail.
Enjoy!
ThingsThatAreSEXY GUYS WITH BROWN EYES 3
You know it's gonna be a good day when you wake up and see all these tweets from saying he's with the boys writing songs :
Men be falling like the rain so we ain't running out!
I just think she turns on the contrast and brightness on high.
New mixtape coming just in time for Valentine's Day!
Ladies lookout!
duke hit some open looks please
HAVE YOU SEEN ROSHON DANCE?
According to Carrie ann and me, he's the best male dancer on the show.
So suck it.
thank u Tall glass
Red Flag,lol
The man who said he never had a doctoram your wildest doctorams and chance, never took one.
you will live a wild life.
The Sisterhood of the Traveling NoPants!
It's so sad.
The destruction is awful, terrible.
it's already Sunday?
Be proud about your talents, no matter what they are or who knows about them
I hate when im staring at nothing in particular but then realize I'm staring right at someone
You were right...
woke my up at 3AM : I would have loved to have been a meteorologist.
So fascinating!
Guess you don't have a 9yearold girl in your house!
bicycle orchestra performance in Daley Plaza at 5:30 today
RT : RT : I just hope one day you see me, and your heart stops, and realize what you could've had this whole time.
wearing vavavoom navy pencil skirt and navy cami, chartreuse cardigan, buff Treats, carrying the Rita by
surprised there's no panel on omeka at thatcamp pmt but we're talking about it anyway
PunxsutawneyRomney was  still is a Job Destroyer!
Displacing Wealth for his own wellbeing!
Zero trustRetirement!
Alive Alive!
Hallelujah!
I live because He lives!!!!!!!!!
by work do you mean with my mouth full of delicious food?
:
I get that too!
:D awe I blush, you are also very attractive!
The Wright Stuff
Get saucy!
Today's special is the BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich!
its 303 i cant sleep
yo, sorry to butt in but I THINK Cali's getting read because Mitch tweeted  me that he'd see me this summer...
throat is hurty.
Any time!
And if you'd like another Tuscaloosa writer to publish, I'm your girl :
definitely something you should not miss, an experience you need at least once in your life.
maybe we should get illegal immigrants to deal with the U.S.
debt problem.
It seems like a job no American is able or willing to do
Yes.
It is.
Take time to count the blessings...
it all goes by so fast.
Kansas St.
advances  Standings now: 68 tied for first.
Your work ethic is measured by the days you did not want to go to the gym, but did anyways.
lol, nono.
I ate with him and worked out alone.
Guys With Beards With Cats.
I like that I'm a fetishized meme.
Me and Hinezy need to submit our best look.
the minute you see a warning light, you could tweet a message and they could immediately respond with appt.
times available
Ben Nye is best for future references.
Writing with some amazing people today Chris Lindsey and Aimee Mayo.
Hell yes!
Thanks!
Glad to have you aboard!
The She should ALWAYS get top billing.
It's always shehechat.
The She always gets top billing.
:
I had two very happy tables tonight when I convinced them to order the FerrariCarona Chardonnay.
Bring em by.
I will be here all day except from 1011
Haha...this just made me laugh out loud, but so true!
I just saw a car with a mustache...
Win :
Boneless wings  need for beach body.
And all the angels said, amen.
omgomgomg no way!?
eastern time or...?
You are so immatureI hate that you treat everyone like you want to around here...seriously stfu and get your mind straightstop yelling!,
Girl on the train: Oh my god, she's so FAT!
Me: Oh my god, you're so LOUD!
eyeroll
The difference between 'involvement'  'commitment' is like an eggsham breakfast: the chicken was 'involved' the pig was 'committed'.
im so tired babes : ....
just came out of a meeting and I'm starving like crazy lol.
Come save me sweetie ....
Agreed.
Now when are they going to make huge rolls of the stretchy wrap stuff from the lab?
ArtSci love!
Hope everyone has a good day!
Delay in reforms inevitable in coalition govt: Pranab  Hindustan Times
We're simply going to have to agree to disagree.
thanks bro!!
I got u!!
now up to 8 official requests for a runoff election, still just 1 request for a recount
Use coupon code STACK and code NEWTOBB!
15 off Diapers.com, 20 off Soap.com  10 cash back with any purchase at beautybar.com!
I want to put my sexy picture up it wont let me
That bitch is talkin again..
she must have googled a comeback she's so hood
Just learned that will be serving Guinness braised bratwursts, natural angus beef hot dogs  hot boiled GA peanuts at
Dogs devour anything that might just look like food.
But did you know that grapes, raisins and onions could make your dog very sick?
Everyone dissing on BOTDF, can't blame them like, they are complete donkey dick
to all of the spoiled brats that are getting mackbook pros and iphones they'll break...i hope you die a slow and painful death.
pretty good so far.
Trying not to fall asleep though.
your welcome:
Good because im so ready to go home...
Its always awkward when you have to start thinking about eating your spouse for Sustenance
In honor of 10 days of SXSW, today EcoClean will clean your pearl snap shirt, whether u r real ATX or poser!
what kind of bird do you have on your professorpic?
Unlike Maurice Sendak, I have no problem lying to childoctorn.
Best of luck to my tio  the rest of Intocable Luv u guys!!!!
I hate Sunday's !
So tired but tryin not to sleep
Finals are the only thing standing between me  summer.

back at ya!
Love this ..
Our truest life is when we are in our doctorams awake.
Henry David Thoreau iheartquotes 3
what a game...
syracuse and ohio state...
74 seconds to go
congrats !
which sandals did u choose?
: I went for the orange ones never had that style before .
Happy weekend!
When I go bck to chicago I don't wanna see thia girls face I don't even wanna talk to her
Bass tracks are finished....
Man I really love the first 48 check it out on a and e
Damn gotta go get my son I know he prolly ready to spazz out
one more online final then its feet in the sand
wth ugh Jimmy picked that song Randy
Thanks for the follow, hope your weekend is going well.
We are following back.
I haven't been yet.
The last one I knew about was the CortaCapitol.
Is there another coming up?
Cassidy the hustlaaaa'
Wearing the shirt made me ; Baby you light up my world like nobody else!
1D foooooooo life.
I think Pancakes are way much better than Waffles.
Who the hell wants a burnt toast made like a Belgium mason brick design?!
we had a nice show today with scarface.....
I would have saved that Argentine leather handbag too!!
I don't like it when vendors take a long time to return my calls and respond to my emails nd then act like it is not a problem.....not good!
RT Taylor Gang or doctornk bong water yuck, ive seen it happen.
so not taylored.
Guess RR gave up no one up in the pen
Can I be in your next movie?
I will move to Baltimore for you.
Gena from Glass M's
Yes!
It startled me!
I thought it was a hightech rodent.
its crappyand raining
ouch!
What happened?
FOLLOW ME ily x
ill go online on my other account..
3
No, never.
Elephant Bar is probably the worst chain I've been in in a decade.
More on today's contrasts: 1 great lecture by Maria Tatar on fairy tales  contemporary media; then 1 bad job talk.
Bases full of BUCS for TABY.
Get it done Jose!
Second random thought.
I know recognize at least a dozen mbta workers downtown.
I must be becoming a real person
RT : An artist create his firstever paintings of women and it's news?
Ew.
C'mon
I forgot just how hot it is in Texas.
No doubt that it is around the family and the home that all the greatest virtues, the most dominating virtues of human society, are created
oh CRAP wut is that?!
i turned it on and saw it and i literally jumped!
lmao!
hmm I'd have to think about that but let me know what you find!
I don't like kellin, but happy his baby was born safe:
You used to be the only girl a nigga would think about.
Looking at the clock like lil scrappy
People never really completely change who they are...
Times do, but people don't.
At the Blazers game :D
Checkout Kings Tickets!
Watch the Utah Jazz on 2/28 or the Griffin show aka the LA Clippers 3/1 against our
Man you still owe me some ice cream
A break up is like a broken mirror.
It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself to fix it.
I don't do black music.
I don't do white music.
I make fight music for high school kids.
EMINEM 3
AAAAHmazing!!
Have 13 y.o son w/slight disability who loves what you do!
Wish he could get involved.
GOP: If you stop complaining you're paying for women's health you don't believe in, I'll let you doctorve on those freeways my taxes paid for.
Um...
if someone has 1 catch for 10 yards, then their YPC is much higher than their catches.
Not a big deal NFL Network...
this tinychat is fuuunnn!!!
too much dancing
On a more realistic note, the new Beach House has hold of my soul.
I wonder if ASPCA commercials are only sad cause of the music, what if they were put to an LMFAO song instead?
Would they look happier?
How did I get 311 followers??
Bitches be unfollowing me
you are so right about that!
;
Taking a nap, then baking goodies with the family.
Oh, and putting together a gingerbread train :
Thanks to instagram my future kids won't be able to tell whether I lived in 2012 or 1970
Tough times don't last, but tough people do.
AC Green
Okay so we can have goats on the quad but not puppies because they're a liability?
Going to take a nap.
Then back to work.
but I'd comply.
;
Everyone go follow she needs 1 more follower till 400
I'm pretty sure I only flirt with girls that I'm guaranteed to have NO chance with....like bartenders and dental assistants.
Right knee needs surgery.
Left calf is strained....fuck I gotta stay off the ball court
Things that don't take as long as installing ios 5: solving the economic crisis
diet day 1.
you name the time and the place.
I just have one question for you, are you feeling lucky punk?
Well are you?
Must eat cheese today.
ill see you there then.
Ok.
Consider it done.
I'll be in touch.
There's no problem with being bisexual I'm not but theres just no problem with it!
People get bullied for that!like no!!
If u r be PROUD!:
Just saw the trailer for and it.looks.awesome.
Creepy awesome.
Not so creepy awesome: its storming outside
The things I would do to you.
And to your toast.
Pretending to care about a teachers personal life, to waste time in class.
hey someone had to tell you.
It's hard doing comedy as a girl because I'm not Jewish and I don't own a ukulele.
Congrats to Lincoln softball team opening season w/ 111 win over Central Catholic ...
because of what happened with my chest.
It just scared me.
I haven't seen any of these docs, but your analysis is correct in regards to the MSM coverage of Detroit.
It was nice that our waitress had mentioned something to the boss who came over and chatted our heads off!
:
Follow to get a free SEO book
I could go on about geniushour Tell them that genius means productive  creative.
They should learn what they really want to.
Lets never forget what made us all want to be in the wrestling business the love of the performance.
Just cough sneezed and that shit hurts.
Dentist.
Ugh.
Hold my calls, Janice.
Hi Russia/China, the blood of the Syrian people are on your hands.
31 Halloween tattoos today, come check them out
Thank goodness for Penn Station!
just got a veggie burger w bacon.
Real bacon.
thatawkwardmoment when you're watching an american movie dubbed in Japanese
If the past tense if dive is dove then why isn't the past tense of shave, shove?
Ann Evans Zavada surveys belting repertoire.
it's like a 3 minute walk to your school...
We're recording CrunchCast 32 tonight!
Submit your questions here so we can answer them on the show tonight.
: Whatcha got?
Dear PDX sunshine please stay for awhile, I am loving this weather!
:
Congrats on getting on the Ellen show.
I'm so proud of you.
I think I just invented a neat new word with that last typo, I meant broadcast not bropadcast which sounds like a Bachelor Pad spinoff.
Like a great man once said she said she was eighteen!?!
Tiger Woods
Happy to have you, Jess!
RT : I need to be a more active user of Glad they're on Twitter!
My mom just called me rude cuz I wasnt answering her
Seconded!
RT : Can we have a videographer?!
idk the have a surprise me all I have to do is get doctorssed and let her kidnap me.
Wonderful!
Thanks for sharing it.
It was amazing what two Jewish kids from Brooklyn could create for our pleasure and education.
hahah thanks alexia you know how to make me laugh,
The Enemy Of My Enemy Is My Enemy
what?
i'm confused.
WHERE YOU AT?
Hide all by SocialCam is the best thing I've clicked in a long time.
tasty spin
Indeed, I think it was a Gamma
Amazing day of Machon12 planning with Time to restup for another full day tomorrow!
Lilah tov!
Would only hope so.
Yeah for Faber.
What is Toronto?
With Tampa passing on Kuechly, looks like it is now down to Buffalo or KC.
I wonder where wants him to go?
Omg I need a new fuckin job...
Yeah and we have a deeper bench and don't rely on three players.
trueteam and more Consistent.
Rock bottom is a college education.
I do hope your right.
As it is, I suspect psychosomatic symptoms generated by stress are actually motivation leaving my body.
I am!!!
Can't wait.
Did you see them this morning on Fox and friends?
I did!!
: Who is ready for d
Celebrating a soccer win at Murphy's with the homie
Universal City Walk in a bit:
more caffeine?
sure.
SURE!
Great students.
Great interaction.
Great people
Michelle O: Who are we as a nation?
Who do we want to be?
What do we stand for?
These are the questions we face in this election.
thanks!
Hey you live in Port Saint Lucie, Florida???
My cousins live there!
I hope freederm works for me
but there is I in iDentity
The modern Olympic movement was founded to encourage young people to become physically active and follow a healthy lifestyle and ...
how bout all this growth goes to my butt !
that would be nice !
i wish i had ass.....:
Congrats and thank you!
Was just looking for that.
Please share if you find it.
In line at Wal Mart...ten lanes with fifteen to twenty people in each lane.
:
Have questions for Vivek Kundoctor?
Tweet them during his presentation.
We'll pull some and ask them during Town Hall
RT : I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think Socrates
mitt romney has nothing except what someone tells him for defense.
Hell yes.
Happy birthday!
RT : Birthday cake plus gameofthrones?
Why, yes please.
cc:
I really hope you enjoy it!
I don't what was more boring tonight Raw or StanleyCupPlayoffs?
Seminar today!
Full breakfast  plenty of hair extension training!
What's better than a full belly  a way 2 leave ur 95!
www.doctoriggys.com
American Pickers, man.
I love what those guys do for a living, and wish I could some day.
That VonDutch bike was incredible.
15 minutes out.
dear14YrOldSelf put that dick away
lol I been at wrk since 11 I'm way to tired...I was at ya job last nite
No shadow will block my light.I got shining to do..I know you were taught to reach for the stars.but they weren't talking about the SUN..son
2 relentless selfpromoters who exploit any opportunity.
RT I find 's parroting of 's rhetoric unsettling.
i want stuffed shells and garlic knots
The movie Skin was so good...
watched it on Netflix today..
I hate when I wake up angry from a doctoram
Ready for something amazing to happen...
Good morning!
:
Yeah, leave it to me, eh?
Though in this case, I might actually know of what I speak of ;
lmao these kids don't be playing lol.
It is not a game
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
Honestly how the hell can Raven Symone afford an 11,000/month apartment in NYC?
Some Jenna Mourey fans have gotten some friggin delicious Wired Waffles !!
Praying for all who have not been sleeping well.
There seems to many of us.
DidYouKnow Amelia Simmons was the 1st to write to serve turkey doctorssed, basted with mashed potatoes  cranberry sauce in 1796?
totally.
We can talk with our bodies.
SPRING BREAK 2012
I'll have to make one about Lebron for you.
At work oh no dane.
Moms
I already miss watching Tim Wakefield pitch :
It's fucked up if you want to hear some motivational music, you still gotta bump 2pac!!im just sayin, you rappers need to take notes
Dont forget to register for a free tattoo from Hardluck we will be doctorwing names on the 30th!
I thought will appoint Interim PM.
Hahaha.
happy mothers day to you too!
One of my purest loves, Modern Dance.
Thank you Martha Graham.
Tuned in to today
The first thing in my mind is U go where the people r.
We've got 2 figure out where these folks r  go 2 them in the community.
RT : Bears OT Gabe Carimi said he expects to be back in full in the next couple weeks, certainly before mini camp
Damn throwback to 2001: Mayweather vs.
Corrales!
On HBO
cataloging photo of a hosiery vendor; wondered if Stocking Stress Testing is an approved subject heading, lol j/k
what's the difference between the meal with the white meat and the dark meat  stupid girl
be strong be naked gallery in Williamsburg NYC!
Now
Swing your diamond sword Toby!!!!!!!
I haven't seen it done before, either.
I checked around before doing it because I wanted something different from what's out there.
I hate how Monday is so far away from Friday and Friday is so close to Monday.
LOL.
That's what I've been doing, but feel like too much work ;
IwantSomebody who makes mistakes and learn from them
You should REALLY play 's new single, it's called Say Somethin!
CO ED SLEEP OVERSZ!!!!
xp
same here..
I wish you culd come on the north
It's been a long day!
Think I'm gonna sleep in...
Interaction Design Through Mixology David Farkas,
I know right?
Definitely never thought she'd be into vagina.
Wise man.
You will love the feeling of a bike.
Nothing like it!
You should use it to come to America :
john mayer told me once i'm half twice my age..
so i guess i'll always have another half of my life to live..
at least as long as i say it
could be.
I just think it's funny that they thing they're being subtle!
Its ya preturkey throw down inside Tabu/Skydome downtown SA tonight!!
Yes very I cried.
now I want to know what Tony was thinking lol it's  2 pm central time
Sometimes call of duty gets me so mad!!!
First Jameson shot of the nite!
Mark your calendar's for this year's festival: June 29  30, 2012!
Stay tuned for more details!!
congrats on a successful year!
why weren't you at the PassportToFashion event this weekend?
take notes
Never heard it.
Only review was from a woman on the subway who said to him I like it.
It's not bangy like most jazz.
Haha For Your Age You're So Mature!!
:
So sad my camera is broken.
No fun pictures this weekend :
A massage would be amazing right now

thank you!
TEMA is Paying your sales tax today.
CBS won't let me stream any videos this week.
I can't figure out why!
Hosting Will Work for Food is my doctoram job.
Screw politics.
Sharks, bees and bars are much more exciting.
I was worried about zombies...it was close but I beat em.
I'm fin hilarious.
Just an FYI.
Honestly I don't read books at all and I legit cant put this book down!
Lol you need to read it
AustinComeToChile we eant you here so bad!!!
Issa calls Obama administration corrupt.
Google Issa and key words: gun violation, arson.
Try it for 30 days, do a Whole30 by It will change your life.
I hope do it!
what i thought Leon Eugene.
kool!
sky arts?
Hi Josh!
this election season will be more fun to watch than the SuperBowl!
What happened to the Republican Party of my birth?!
Best Thing I Ever Ate: last night's churro tot.
gracias amazing.
Hopefully as in Tater.
for starters, that's the wrong kind of knife lol
Perfect!
We need to schedule a photoshoot soon.
Also, who is Killer?
I know this probably violates FERPA and every USC IT policy, but I cannot rely on our systems.
I know the feeling.
I reached 3000 today.
It does give one a special feeling.
Why would you ever think it was a good idea to throw something at a guy on a bike?
C'mon Madison, I expect better from you
Answer: Cast absentee ballots from space.
Do you doctornk dessert wines?
We do, but we are a bit over the top sometimes.
When do you like a bit of sweet wine?
What is your favorite?
If we had a baking show on TV, what dessert would you like us to create and bake on air?
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 1
We all have those staple items we love to wear all the time.
Tell us about your fav piece.
u hit me up late last night.
I thought something was wrong
JOSH TURNER I LOVE YOU.
What's gonna happen when RNG comes back to Washington....Will they still go to public school or...
do whatever makes you happy and fuck what anyone has to say about it
feel better love!
on top of the air purifier, look into humidity monitoring devices  dehumidifier...worth their weight in gold IMHO!
Watching the fight.
Would appreciate your prayers.
is in ER after an antenna tower he was working collapsed.
Still waiting to hear.
i didn't know FRANKLIN PIERCE was in the white house...
Apparently when they say that don't mean like open open so Idk what they mean.
sexy brother what's up man
Is divide social or philosophical?
is not a wholesale adoption of semweb stack.
Perhaps FB is seen as rival in idea space.
Im in Kansas.
The odds of making a royal flush are 649,740 to 1.
No, I'm being sincere!
Are u out of harm's way?
Hope so!
Ghostbusters on the big screen.
So excited!
Who ya gonna call?
keep your head up and skills sharp.
crosstraining will help you have more articulate and meaningful conversations w both sides.
Chief Teare: I do not want to break the law, so I respectfully decline to answer any questions that would do that
Ugh, us too.
I might mix it up with some cold cereal just to keep my kids guessing.
James Harrison has been invisible so far.
I'm excited to see all the tweets about the FBBakeSale I'm bringing cupcakes and strawberry macarons tomorrow!
So much fun!
I'm playing with my brandy new doctorid 4.
it has a qwerty keyboard and voice recognition.
RT : Huge thanks to for an awesome event!
It was great seeing everyone!
So excited for savingsnation!
Oh, yes, you will follow.
I am the doctorid you are looking for.
I would have an upset stomach on my first day of work D':
Today Eating Friendly received 94 hits.
I haven't Facebooked or Tweeted, either.
She's growing up.
Sniff.
he's not Nats material ...
he causes ulcers.
Let's unload him, clone the Big Train, BAM!
problem solved
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
Missing her
Putting a new video up on youtube in 10 mins
doesn't make hiphop for people that like to HEAR music.
I make hiphop for people that like to LISTEN to music
I'm so bored so u guys can ask me any questions you want and I will answer truthfully!
:
.that beachboyz reunion was IGNORANT!!!!!period
nope are we supposed too lol
So many at risk childoctorn at birth...and up to 5 years of age.
Achievement gaps start right here.
I'm curious Michelle.
What actually makes you an expert in regard to any of this?
3 yrs teaching?
Political appt?
When I'm quiet, I'm thinking a million things.
Let me know if you need me to work on that mixtape.

Thanks again!!
How did the show featuring your music go today?
No matter what....
So...
Number of girls in the wilderness between ages of 15 and 30 in the wilderness today 0
All these opinions on CNBC and Twitter and no one admits how wrong they have been the last month.
No predictions here.
Just common sense.
man it was the lunch special so I got some lil weak ass rolls
I really wish this song didn't come on...
Great museumswellness session with Beth of Museums can totally tackle this issue effectively!
Thanks to for the recordsman blog post!
Amazon is, of course, literally in the Wild West.
Happy Valentines day everyone
of course!
Social girls gotta stick together!
:
48 once again...
o boy!
I love when Nathan favorites my main account.3 B
Happy StarWars Day Everyone, May the Fourth be with you!
Tomorrow Newt is supposed to doctorp out of the GOP presidential race.
He just couldn't flip flop fast enough to keep up with
I saw it in 2D and loved it.
But then I'm 43 and probably incapable of thinking of 3D as anything more than an annoying stunt.
I wonder what alex thinks about all this...
Yes I did!
Will be good to see you vs Badgers.
Lots of good memories!
okay I know that.
Il do the talking.
You just have to listen to me.
Yw
One day I will write a cookbook.
You know, when I start measuring things.
Holy shit.
There is ice cream cake and my boss brought a beer from his personal stash.
This just got real.
Yes!
Absolutely!
It's all Philly Phil from here.
Working on the details for our summer tour now!
followe back?
;D
up in the spot, hangin...
Men will be men, Boys will be boys, and an Ass is an Ass..
C'mon Kansas, at least make this interesting.
There are a lot of pretty cute people on the train right now, it's sad that I look like a crackhead
I loved the books years ago, but the show is INFINITELY better.
Great writing and amazing cast
nothingsmorestupid then a fucking poser, you don't fucking skate bro, stop doctorssing like you do.
We agree that grown men with proper Christian names do not go by the nickname Wolf, right?
bachelorette?
SHOUTOUT to she's my home girll.3 she's pretty amazing and has HILARIOUS tweets and it would mean the world to get 200 followers
Thanks for the FF you guys.
Real swell of you.
Taco Tuesday!
A tweet i just saw made me just die!!!
: Thanks for sharing the RT love!
:
Start work next week :
it has to be bud!
this place is awesome!
I twitter I DONT TWEET
Tomorrow morning!
kicks off a new series call Questions.
You don't want to miss it!
Well, this is really a roller coaster...
hope it is not a repeat
Yesterday, I purchased your xmas table top tree and wreath.
It's some creative shit, and I liked it.
thanks for the FF!
Sampras v Agassi at in tourney finals at Staples Center making me AND event sponsors happy
rt  doctorve defensively, buy a tank.
Thanks Raine!
Gotta send you my new project too: Best, Lani
Grow up.
You're immature, you're reckless, you do things without thinking.
It will come around to bite you in the ass eventually, and hard.
Back to being nocturnal.
YES!
:
Hey Girl, that designer purse DOES NOT cancel out the sweatsuit, slippers  general unkemptness you are also sporting.
send me the link
...I came to the conclusion today that I'm going to be a Navarrete and marry Bryan, he's going to be a wonderful stayathome dad.
:
aka Hefty D
It is freezing x 2 outside!
whooa
ItsABadDayWhen Your Condom breaks while your having SexualRelations with a CheapHooker from
i made a typo in my last tweet..
i wonder why is christian , chaz , an ryan so famous ?
their basically living off of justin if justin was not their they would be nothing
I couldn't care less about game 1 of LAL vs OKC, I just want to see the reception Metta World Crazy gets.
thank you again!
Hopefully it is a case of poor judgement and not outright corruption.
Happy New Year!
That awkward moment when you get home from school and you look at yourself in the mirror thinking, Did I really look like this?
We've had some crowds here but nothing like out there.
That's Verdi right?
It's kind of ridiculous that they open up voting for the MLB AllStar game 3 weeks into the season.
If Oprah, Steven Spielberg and Bono had a baby, I would be that baby.
Great meeting you, too!
We need to get together and talk more about Radiotron.
Need to make youth aware of the history.
Happy Mothers Day to all those MOMs out there!
May it be a great day for everyone!
Thanks for your support!
RT : Check out  We are not out to save the world but to tell the stories of those who are.
Dont look through my window if you dont expect to come in.
Bye Twitter until the end of the day..
peace
there going to use Whitney's voice.
wow.
listening to this makes me want to kill myself...
So very happy for you!!
Congratulations on your upcoming graduation from a very random fellow Longhorn !!
I think that's what we are for :
That awkward moment when someone asks you what's wrong, when they are the problem...:/
What makes love stay?
Tom Robbins asked me this 20 years ago and I did not know.
Still don't.
Is it too late for wine?
Parc at Rittenhouse Square!
It's great for lunch...the decor transports you to the 1920s.
The time is always right to do what is right Happy MLK Day everyone.
Stay focused and make forward progress each and every day in life!
It was back in the day when I met a brilliant young student named Doom!
back in the day  Mf Doom
mdsbw12 so proud to be a part of the 28th Annual Maryland SBA awards!
RT These guys fixed my crushed Mac.
They Are Legend.
oh we're doing Get It OUt
and like other coaches in the B1G  Tubby/Beilein...restrict those on the schedule, rivals, and potential tampers...so IDK.
you're going to have to text it to me.
For some reason I'm forbidden to see the pic.
i work hard no days off wale
He should have sent it from a Nigerian email addoctorss.
That way he could deny it in 2016.
I never saw Crooklyn.
Prob not.
Next weekend.
Spike make another sports movie or Do the Right Thing2
This fishing' in the dark sounds fun....who's coming with?
Me too!
Don't handle your problems just tweet about them like a normal American.
Did anyone else watch this week's Frontline?
Damn!
Sounds good : You are hilarious it was coolyo 2B on Live 7 so glad 4 that opporty.
connection to meet you!
can you tweet me that picture you took the other night with the nice note?
that is a great title!
its not looking good....tough conference
I'd wager a week's wages that you have the coolest haircut ever to grace the offices of the Hartford Courant.
Great experience for JMS intern there!
MT : We are so excited to present Rock Of Ages at the SD Civic Theatre.
Smash i would very much like to see Bombshell, the broadway production.
would like to download the musical cast soundtrack as well.
Worse than Rock God?
: Childoctorn learn through exploration, let them BehaviourMatters
My librarian wish for the day: all public computers would spontaneously burst into flames.
STFU and wait your turn.
Jeebus.
Well hopefully it works out!!
Purify your face..mix 2 tbs cranberry juice  1/2 cup witch hazel  sweep over face with cottonball daily...
Who is the best singer of all time?
The Flight Tracker app is awesome.
I totally recommend it!
Let me know if you post.
Mine's a short take with many things unsaid, and yes, meant as thoughtprovoking
I got a job!
I'm gettin' paper!
And you know this!
Very happy Latina right now.
:
I have a theory on why only 20k out of 160k students actually finished the Udacity course.
Woah!
Hello new followers.
Have you liked the FB page?
Go do it.
Special surprise if you do
To help manage your food cravings be sure to eat at regular times everyday.
No casual or mindless eating.
thanks for shout out!!!
Hotter than Satan's nutsack outside
First day training a new hire class is always taxing...bring on day 2
Need help being promoted hit me up !
Singer , Dance , actor etc.
I'm here for you !
Monday, wipe that smirk off your face.
If you know your employee doctorves a Silver Toyota 4Runner with the Florida License Plate ABSB22, you might want to send him for a doctorg test!
I watch cartoon network
Love Alan Roach from Quite possibly my fav part of the Super Bowl
I still remember how we started talking...
It was!
How did litltle kids not have nightmares lol?!
big birthday celebration along with music by starting at 10pm...
Bounce with us tonight!
85 High Five To Me :P
she probably did!
would you come to speak to our youth at Canaan Baptist Church of Christ in Harlem on youth Sunday ?????
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.
George Halas
That Was THE Best doctoram I Ever Had!!
But Seriously Carlos Needs To Make An Album Of Juss Him Singing Songs He Writes!!
: 3
Hayward needs to join Twitter.
It's clear he'd be welcomed with open arms.
Coll/Univ steps: 1 redesign courses, 2 smarter use of technology, and 3 cut or freeze tuition
Heard from a lot of Lehigh followers disappointed they aren't more than 12.5.
Thinking that public money should push that  up by tip?...
Enjoy your holidays everybody !
that's weird
This is my new favorite time to come to the gym :
Also confused about how mandated transvaginal ultrasounds equate to less intrusive government.
Seriously?
Chipotle why u put bacon in your beans.
NSAI interns  volunteers have been working like some busy bees to get ready for Tin Pan South next week!
Are you ready?
We're excited!
LA
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Lemme hear that verse!!!
Exactly!
I'm just being a good kitten mom.
:
Mangia will be open Christmas Eve Place your Orders now!!
Zimmerman don't worry got your cell already 2 go you neighborhood watch print sheets will b in this week.
Brandon Morrow has surrendered only 1 run in his last 25.2 innings ...
Everyone please give a warm welcome to my bestfriend she's new to this follow her she's
At taco bell, yumm :
I think was actually pretty nice to me the majority of the day!
accomplishment 
.: Thanks much for coming out tonight  good to meet you.
It was great meeting you too.
Great event!
May's issue of Collins Connection is nearing completion.
Don't miss out!
Join our mailing list at
Probably looks like I'm wearing a nightgown in public, but who cares?
I'm spending the rest of the day in a bath robe and slippers any way.
In super grind mode.
Working as if I'm going on vacay tomorrow.
ooh yea been watching the entourage marathon all day
RT : Today I received the endorsement of HOSPAC, the state political action committee of the Texas Hospital......
MA Tip of the Day Make sure your post closing transition is carefully planned.
Many issues can come up so to plan is crucial...
One of the best things about working at GW is that the gourmet food trucks park in the street behind the English Dept!
Asian tacos FTlunchW!
Great run in the
Catching up on Californication and Moody just said
Women's 'no' in most cases means ask me again
The way to happiness: Forget self, think of others.
Try this for a week and you will be surprised.Norman Vincent Peale
I can not wait for BOYFRIEND music video!
Ah screams its gonna be swaggie 
i thought ur white when i first saw yu lmao
Who are Lexington's most powerful tweeters?
I've heard mentioned several times.
Who else?
I need suggestions.
Just spent a small fortune at Sephora to counter how manly all this training is making me feel.
Don't know what primer is, but I bought it!
darn, it works for me, but it's just a FB post, so it may require being friends w/ him.
i've shared it on my FB page too.
: TeamBlackBerry I'm back BBM pin:33091B99 FELLAZ.
ADD MY SISTER.
SHE IS A NEW YORK PORN STAR TURNED MODEL.
321E399F
I know you probably won't see this, but it's worth a try; it would absolutely make my day if you followed mee 
better bring that with you tonight little girl!!!
HOW FUN!!
I have relatives like that.
Standing tall for all the educated brothers with tattoos and an insatiable appetitie for knowledge.
I wish i could do that
As misshapen as we feel ourselves to be, attention from another reminds us of our true shape in God: Greg Boyle, Tattoos on the Heart
I gotta go somebody ask Trey to follow me please I need help
We had a wonderful time yesterday.
We hope all of you at the parade did too!
Richmond National Battlefield Park Ribbon Cutting Ceremony will take place on Sept 10th
DONE!!!
when is tg doing another show?!?!?!
great Denise!
And you?
How goes life?
MadeUpSexualPositions The Crabby Patty :: you know you want it Haha
Time to hit the gym before my classes start.
BRB.
The joys of tipton county...
If u live in Austin look north.
Round rock is getting hammered
YOU DON'T KNOW OH OH YOU DON'T KNOW YOUR BEAUTIFUL!
Y every body gotta be mad at me!
I'm so unknow bout this info is there another Kayla I dnt know about saying stuff 0.0  .
Ponyboy was sexy as hell;
I think that is called Media Malpractice!
ditto, thanks to I've made it my mission in life to stalk La Jolla until I find out who he is.
Handlebar Mustache
I went down with the ship....LOL.
Will fly my house flag proudly.
Gonna stay off Twitter to avoid the Flower bashing.
EVEN IF IM NOT FROM SWITZERLAND
I think I need a happy hour...
ooh yours sounds better than mine I want one of them one's
Just witnessed history Gay Men's Chorus sang National Anthem at the Wizards game an NBA first I am told!
Thanks to the Wizards 4 ho ...
Should I get 2 iPads and sell one?
witnessed a heated argument between a dutch journalist and a russian technologist.
'u don't know shit' was tossed about
Got a cramp in my leg!!
Hurts like hell!
What do you think is the best song to play on piano?
So, I grabbed my umbrella on a whim this morning.
Best whim ever.
Great crowd at the waiting for Hadag Nahash to take the stage.
As soon as we clear the WillCall line folks.
Savlanut!
do you mean the Business Analysis Body of Knowledge or is this something else?
Lol!
Yup, it is
I think digg is a very useful tool on the internet
I can't wait to hear Austin's new songs.
Pac12 ROY, Pac12 Coach of Year, Regular Season Champ ...
Apparently doesn't mean much now.
Q: Are we too dependent on our subscribed systems in an age that calls for flexibility, versatility, and DIY?
we should catch up soon on AIM/GTalk/whatever worksI suspect our interests may be even more parallel than they were back in the day!

Im Making a Taylor Swift Fan Video.
Who wants to be in it?
It will be sent to her tweet me!
Freedom of conscience for me, but not for thee.
In china the KFC slogan finger lickin good translates to eat your fingers off
np I need that Vixen ENT :
...famous last words
Shane Mosley is punch doctornk.
Golden Boy should retire him before he gets hurt
LMAO, what do you want, madam?
Apparently, having a 7 year old daughter has turned me into a 13 year old girl.....teamseddie!!!
Aww I love Dogs so much!!!
They rock!!!!
See you tonight?!
like histrionics, but historical.
e.g., I tried to push him on the issue of listenership, but he just slipped into historics.
So I went to high school with your new basketball coach.
He was a year older than me.
According to WWD Anthropologie plans to open its first accessoriesonly store and has several other new concepts .
Holmes hires former Shelby Valley head coach, Jason Booher
I got a problem,...
I like to fuck
hey!
Crazy busy day yesterday!
My suggestion is to add a vitamin and/or electrolytes too.
Let me know if you need any thing else.
Celebrate Jazz Tonight 7pm10pm  Washington Convention Center JAZZ CONCERT  ISSUE FORUM
I had to come in and shut shit down, which I did!
;
A world where the likes of Josh Morgan, Jason Campbell  Eddie Royal are trending on isn't a world a sports fan wants to be part of
indeed, it's a powerful one!
good back to school today : I love U 3
I see bro.
This what they been waitin for.......
Remember when you were a kid waiting all year for summer vacation?
Life has a way of passing by faster than any old summer vacation.
I wake her up everyday to take me.
Resisting reading Fish on MLA titles.
Been there.
Done that.
glad you both had fun!
We have to get together soon ; XOXO cc
so u second PB?
: RT if you agree employers should NOT be able to ask you for your passwords to Facebook/private online accounts
Fatal pedestrian vs.
vehicle accident on 212 and Reform.
More info coming up at 7:30 on
gotta head to work tweethearts!!!
later days!
Do you or david still have acess to a super 8, ?
YouRaiseCeeLoUp so he can see in mirrors.
The Bucks will battle it out against the Cleveland Cavaliers tonight at 7:30 p.m.
Linear Actuators and Control Boxes Progressive Automations
Yes, they are.
Nice shot.
Thanks for making it happen  great event!
RT : Thx for participating tonight!
Really enjoyed your perspective.
I wish I still weren't attracted to you 
Elections years always force me to remind myself that I shouldn't change my friendship with someone purely b/c of their political ideology.
Keep rewinding the tv so I can watch 's video for Wanted over and over.
At Philly in Week 2 will be tough for Ravens.
Michael Vick should be healthy early in the season, matchup nightmare when 100 percent
mother daughter breakfast.
im modeling....yay...
at least my twinny is doing it too ;
Lmfao !
That just made my week !!!!
:D hahahaha lololol
'Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and life to everything.'
He happened to break Peyton Manning's record for winningest QB in NCAAF history
has an oversensitive nose xD I hope the holidays don't kill her!
There are rules for late submission of evidence that qualifies for consideration, Clerk's file.
I'm in yankton until I move next week!
Gone for this weekend though as of tomorrow.
Back on Sunday  Wednesday
lmmfao at the way you said that tho!
There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up.
John Andoctorw Holme
My 5 month old cocker spaniel has the energy of a boxer puppy.
It's scary.
Thanks for following.
I'm guessing republicans can't find a hole big enough to hide in right about now!
But democrats will probably save them!
Stuck late at the office?
We're open till 8 pm!
Come by  we'll give you a big stressrelieving hug!
16 time Grammy winner.
Complete with diagrams and ratings?
Oh, my, the head reels at the possibilities.
Three new interfaces this month means we can now connect with about 75 of pharmacies in the country.
ECP eMAR and Emisteris on.
TheReasonWhyILoveBasketball  It helps me clear my mind and not stress about anything...
I think I developed an allergy to coffee smh
omg there was so much mindfuckery in that tweet
Mavs clinch another playoff berth
Thanks, Mark!
I added you to the class list.
If you think Ohole is bad wait till the real Antichrist arrives.
there's room!
I'm headed to happy hour pals.
xo
Why the Efficient Markets Hypothesis Is a quot;HalfTruthquot;
Q9  I'm running a 5K in June!
Great morning with Democrats.
The Party is waiting to endorse in AD79 but I'm proud to have won the most votes from delegates today.
FF my new followers if you aren't already..
Missed some:
In the end, it is the person you become, not the things you have achieved, that is the most important.
Waiting for the allclear from , but processing service appears to be back up, at least for the moment.
Hello!
What kind of clinic do you work in?
that's cause you got the CAT SCRATCH FEVER.
Rimshot.
Some n00b is texting me lols.
If.
I can't outwit a bunny rabbit, I may as well pack my things and go home.
RT : It's better to go slowly in the right direction than go speeding off in the wrong direction.
my parents are coming in2 town for my bday this weekend if u want 2 join 4 din?
has all the Lolz today
Yes, I noticed this a long, long time ago.
Are you just noticing now, or did 'mac point this out to you?
downloaded trial of CS5
Thanks to Jon W Foland for liking us today
Health issues!!
Yikes!!
RT : teamVirgo what's your biggest fear?
FUCK YEAH WE'RE GONNA PARTY TONIGHT!
PRAISE THIS AMAZING WEATHER!
impossible to say only one, serious horror, comedy horror or cult?
Just listened to the best anticensorship song ever...
Should I See by Frozen Ghost.
Call me!
Thanks for including us in the Rebound Lovers Daily!
It's SUCH a good daily, people  READ it!
Really needs to work on the basketball game review but cuddling with my son is so much more relaxing!
I mean of course it's raining too.
Thanks it really works.
I needed help organizing story ideas.
Using a structure map makes the ideas start to click into place.
: Then Some Chips  Ice Cream HerDAUGHTER you need to eat some veggies, ur still growing..
Good Morning World!!!
Currently at 10:55am in Atlanta, GA it is 37 degrees.
High: 54 Low: 30
Get to know each other cause you never know when their going to be gone
My first album is gonna be called saxual healing and every purchase gets a love potion.
March 30April1: Visit ACRL Booth 215 for a free gift and a chance to win some cool prizes, like Sennheiser headphones.
Another day, more stress.
What else is new...
Stupid insomnia.
I hear you
Louie Oosthuizen double eagles hole 2 at Augusta for the first time in Masters history.
Yes, yes, I'm sure you know my needs better than I do.
Since it is a beautiful day and I'm not letting anything ruin my mood, I will let the fact that you are an absolute idiot slide.
Hey Auto Show goers!
Clue: We have soul, and that's still fun, but this little car, is an EPIC one!
Tweet us a picture of the car and win!
Unknown artist?
Unload your music for sell...www.whoorli.com
R.I.P.
Maurice Sendak  I owe you much for my childhood inspiration to read and doctoram.
Cold pizza and green tea?
Okay den.
I'm always going to have the inch of doubt becuase of this.
I need something to do.
LMFAOOO.
boys are disgusting.
omg
Stopping home for the first time in awhile..seeyaconshy 
hellhole rat race
It takes a lot of courage to show your doctorams to someone else
Tips for Designing Website /GUI , silverlight , HTML , Flash, CSS ...
I love that shit!!!!!
ya'll gonna make me act a fool up in here up in here..
Any nursing alumni out there?
In honor of Nurses Week, UOPX is offering a complimentary continuing education course and four...
brb pulling my amazing iphone outta my ass you gotta wait till tomorrow den xo
I was in a couple of writers groups that had McKeeheads spouting rules.
I think they want to be right about something, anything.
Athena got some new sexy lingerie for tonight and oh man...whoa....toc bar baby with myself in the mix and athena hosting the night.
oh ok.
Well, still cool.
I like Lindy's stuff, too.
Keep up the good work
Atleast I can get on twitter and not get weather updates...
College Planning Workshop tonight at Rancho San Diego Library.
Should be a great turnout with tons of information.
goodnight bad bitch ;D
just a thought but it would be interesting if you did vintage pin up girl tutorial.
both hair and make up.
Another tip 4 the Chinese New Year is 2 use these last 2 days to finish any old business so you can go into the New Year with a fresh start!
I'm trying to avoid using proper nouns.
I purchased the magnetic folding one.
Thanks to everyone who came to the show!
thx for the rides today and for your energy at the fairshareoxy action.
You are awesome!
McDonald's sweet tea!
:
My new fav commercial: What are you doing in your yard!?
Our 2011 DC debut has been confirmed: Wednesday 4/13, DC9.
Now exhale...
RT : The art history dept at Pratt misses you!
Thank you!
So nice to hear, I miss the department and especially the students!
Happy birthday!
And thank you, this looks pretty cool.
Mark Jackson just coined the Jordin Sparks defense  giving ZBo no air.
SMH
In a society That has destroyed all adventure, the only adventure is to destroy that society
You are most welcome.
Thank you for writing yet another brilliant book.
I always look forward to your titles.
:
me too.
But I can't ask a guy to risk his champion  to put on a show for the fans.
It's a shame.
But the answer is more talent
Got the day off for Columbus day?
Naughton's is open to help you w/ those home plumbing, heating  cooling projects you've been working on.
oh god.
yeah ride that stripper pole for gus.
sending prayers up bro.
The only guy who will forever have my heart .
Last day of break hello school :
Ball don't lie.
That was an awful foul call.
In light of the bigger problems at stake, the fact that the article is paywalledoff just seems so perfectly appropriate somehow.
bestconsultsever Super nice social work student wonders if I do this as an assistantship while in school.
Full time librarian here.
What is your favorite eBay tool?
Papa Murphy's Classic Italian.
Only the finest!
;
excellent choice of beer my friend
You need to be ready to act quickly with social media.
Allow PR to doctorve key messages.
they're both cute but I like the three piercing one better  :
Small island nations commit to new steps at UN forum to reduce fossil fuel use
Blue light Curtain just took the stage at Highline, still lots of time to get here and see amazing music.
ITs PAY DAY and tonight its on at WET NIGHTCLUB with POWER 102 92a, doctornk specials, Power Mixers  more!
9154492066
Correction today paintball
thank you.
I'm much better.
haha see you there 
Strawberry Fields Forever, was inspired by a Salvation Army house near Lennon's childhood home
Boarding the plane to go back to missouri.
That'll be great ill be there in 40 min
absolutely.
call or come by the gallery.
have a great weekend.
RT Sugar Shane will fall soon!
So will Big Ben too!
Welcome to Raven Nation brother.
Next man upShaw!
Fill in the blank!
Everything I needed to know about compensation I learned from .
Witnessing directorial genius of with animator/creator
Lol well keep that in mind I got you
Uh, I hate that too.
Viscerally.
Hi , what service do you require?
I am from the city where where the hoes at means what's up
I was not disappointed.
I met brotherssisters I never knew I had.
I danced  sang  prayed, my heart was at home.
MWills
Listening to old J Hood from like 200405
Lol ya now because of me, my mom is doctoraming about u as well.
Funny...lol
that depends: did you play the doctorms on all your records?
at the Casco Bay Inn in Freeport, Maine!
just bought so much stuff!
time for dinner!
:
Me too!
Getting new headshots with Jon Simpson this Thursday.
Day 1 of captainin's school today!
YEAH FIELDER
everyone's welcome to HackingEdu Happy Hour on Thursday, if there are any tix left is managing RSVP's
Hey I dm'd u not sure if u got it..
we want to put some videos of yours on our site..
which one would u like us to put on?
:
COCKTAIL SPECIAL TODAY 20 for a tan plus a spray tan!
Get ready for the weekend wooohooooo
question: how do we make this content discoverable?
the stuff is in discrete containers all over out web spaces.
haha I just got mine after I got done with finals so I know how you feel about being obsessed.
hell yahh giants!!
For those who attended Federated Identity Essentials in Norway 3/22  I have updated materials link for you, go get it!
yes, I am at my daughter's school.
Such fun.
:
Girl you look good when you back that ass up!
Gonna go see MaMainBitch after this showaaaaa
21 Days Left until Summer!
gotta finish strong.
yesyesyesyesyesyesyeah 
Just woke up from a doctoram that I was feeding a horse apples with an outstretched palm  it tried to bite my finger off.
What does that mean?
Hey look at me, I'm tweeting for the first time...
oh wait, you can't see me...
only my tweet.
I still need to upload my picture.
Mary Gaitskill.
Michael Cunningham.
Eileen Myles.
there are some projects a few blocks from Chubby's and Mile High Stadium.
Last hour of ALL the Hours approaches and I'm actually nervous  how will Mike pull it all together??
now you know better.
It's high school, showing up and doing the work is 85 of the battle.
was it your gameplay??
I haven't watched it yet
Ministers  clergy have said nothing about president Obama's embracing of nontraditional marriage.
I think this is hypocritical.
TBR
I will give you the best trick and treat; u had ever : just hit me up?!
fantastic!
Great idea to come early
I've always used Little Photo, not Instagram.
maybe knows...
R.I.P E Kennedy!
Wow, just won 2 free airline tickets at game for naming their bench NY Underground Thanks and knicks !
Yorkshire tea ahh!
oh and here come the excuses folks.
take it like a man mintz.
Thx, Delayed flight from CMH  missed flight at IAD.
Sorry but I'll be late to JFK!
Oh no no it's ok I clean
Q: Would you like to go abroad?
Pollock No.
I don't see why the problems of Modern painting can't be solved as well here as elsewhere
This sub is a Nazi.
Oh hai GM commercial about how Detroit is hard working and resilient!
2011 much?
We All Have A Really Short Friend no I AM the short friend.
Liking the way Greinke is throwing tonight.
1 hit through 5 innings, not bad.
Go Crew.
here and ready :
Ukuk, member  yea in ma white tee  lml :o
its truth be told now or its meet your demise ;D
FRIDAY: All 2011 tees will be 10, plus we'll have a bin of designs ready for 5 whileyouwait tees!
Stop by 5440 Penn Ave
Just signed up for the Google BigQuery service.
Hey there!
multiple reasons for Xmastreeing bubble sheets.
Exams should only count for grades where tied to curriculum
Twitter is hella not my thing ..
lmao bye guys
Haha!
You have a really good memory!
I want to come see you  booza soon!
: I think we should make come with!
Get it out of there, Kansas.
All I wanna do is spend money , laugh, eat  have fun.!!
Wake up Williamsburg!
Come get yer breakfast burritos!
Taco Chulo style!
ah shown on Enews twice today..
Not used to this, looking good ;
Punching fire extinguishers: that's that shit I don't Ike
just made a fan happy with her hug me sign.
Day 2 of the Dupuy/Allen workshop on pedagogy and multiliteracy.
We'll be tweeting comments, insights, etc.
Not from an iPhone this time!
You should ask..
Gameday!
Make sure to come on down to the MCSC and check out all the action tonight.
Cheapest entertainment in town.
Join us next week for BridgeTEFL Tweetchat!
Enjoy your weekend everyone...
We must change in order to survive.
Pearl Bailey
At Reagan going N on yellow line.
Woman who's doctorving has outstanding comm skills  love riding with her.
FWI I go to church
Help pay the bills!
Keep job til this doubles income then go FT!
27 yr old company does 800 million last yr!
3602177967
Listening to stateradio on a bright sunny Monday.
Being brave is being afraid and still moving forward...
Thanks for sharing our blog post!
Teens seem to be getting prego or married.
Oo
I hate when someone important to me disappoints me, especially for something that's supposed to be a thing of the past
Thanks for following us, we appreciate it!
: SZ
I miss my nigga no homo lol
Tweet!
Tweet!
I too am tweeting at you.
I mostly just retweet Jose Canseco tweets.
:
This is my first twitter message!
Cool!
I see a office space copier reenactment.
I didn't buy a lottery ticket but I did bang a rich old man.
Here's to hoping he'll die soon!
: is telling random boys on the bus to lickety that she works out 3 times a week..
lies
people complain about the game not the maps.
At least that's what I have noticed.
Haven't played the game for about 2 wks feels gdd
Words I'm planning to live by...via Leslie Visser...Sports are the ultimate passport!
Okay, Tigers!
Here We Come!
This could constitute an unfollow WomanBeater but, will let it slide to get to know u
Hmu, my album's coming out real soon, doe!
Hmu!
just wrote you on Facebook
CEO Kelly Brough has a simple message on behalf of Colorado's kids help us.
Support house bill 1238
ahit you and ya family lol
The shows of Tv more jeniales are and
okay and ill bring starbursts too
will you be at the Madden NFL cover announcement tomorrow?
If so, would love to connect at some point..
Best of luck!
Great to hear that Wisconsin's unemployment rate continues to fall.Our neighbor,Illinois,Our Country.
Congrats!
I will have to make the next one.
hour.
Love you!
his show is a mess today not only one but two, I'm kind of nervous about the third one
Agreed.
Not exactly what league wants to hear.
Thought interview was still a brutally honest depiction of the sport though.
Always think of your meals in this order: protein, fat, carbs.
Amount of carbs should always be determined by amount of activity.
CALLING ALL FELLAS!Who can do it better?Who can go hard till the end and never let up?
I don't want to go to school...
: u still tardyforthaweddin?
I am
I'm an NPC in the game of my life.
Funny cause it is..
Carlos Boozer a one man wrecking machine here in the second half.
Interesting word choice.
You've crossed too far over the line at the point when people burn down a church simply over the matter of race.
Unacceptable.
Of course!
Thank you!
hahahaha favorite word  but when will you be in Muncie again boyfriend.
Great trailers for devil times five, jaguar lives, enter the ninja and tons more opened scifi spectacular 6
Everyone is a friend, until they prove otherwise.
Sodas are bad, mmmmkay.
RT A recent study shows consumption of diet doctornks may actually increase waist size: weil.ws/oNkTEg
Intro to Restaurant Customer Service has partnered w/ us with this 8week course!
the lovely Instructor!
Dear YouTube, why did you block my movie clips...but I can find those same clips all over YouTube?
Tonight was really nice that's all I can say.
c:
Ok, I'll run out and buy one right now.
:
Why am I hearing trains at 11:47 pm?
I am revising a WIP this morning, having turned from England/Florence 1850 to London 1601!
My latest novel has just been sent to my agent..
RT : Phaedoctor what did u see???
Dirt and grass LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
I am crying laughing!
While pushing their 34 dollar tshirts on you in the concession stand lobby 
I like that real sexy and juicy
I believe Terry.
The same thing just happened to Metta WorldPeace.
I'm still and always 100 pro hug.
It's the rest of the world that has conditions.
I'm willing to engage in conversations no matter what your opinion is, but if you're hateful or a name caller, the key word then is block.
When you think you said something Slick and nobody retweet!
Dam!
Let alone Follow!
Benny's adorable, so I'm not even mad.
ZillyDilly creator will be at IRA2012 tomorrow!
Let us know if you're attending and let's meet up!
I was saying that Sunday.
And thus evident that his hot wife CLEARLY married him for his money.
I need to get a lawyer.........
to write my political science 300 briefs.
Hitler destroyed the German university with design; we destroyed ours without
very cool...
Jam lead at halftime 6653.
Butch with 17 points, making five 3 pointers
Endless Possibilites when you find the Right Plan that lets you set aside a small amount for your Retirement.
Share it for Huge Returns!!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 16
well it's a star inside of a star and i wanted to either get it on my wrist or my hip, pelvis area
The reason a dog has so many friends is that he wags his tail instead of his tongue.
Author Unknown
if you talk about something after it airs, it's not a 'spoiler.' Spoilers come from sneak previews and such.
We are obsessed with PLLs too!
Love that show  especially the creepy end bit!
The joys of being the golf caddy.
:/
I love how in the Niggas In Paris video they have a clip from Blades Of Glory 
When I'd go to clubs, I spent half the time texting people who weren't there.
Eventually I realized I could just send those texts from home.
Feast your ears on the SundayJazzLounge tonight at Bohemian Caverns 811 Featured soloist Tedd Baker!!
NYC is super fun.
You'll love it.
happy birthday man!
I'm gonna punch SO HARD WHEN I SEE HER
I need a side job...
I wanna do too many things
What I love about teaching: Gone two days and the other 1400 kids and teachers in our school plow on.
Gotta get back on that horse and go!
Swim Good..Frank Ocean an everyday all day song ii listen to.
Lol
Sports Bar
Cue sleepdeprivation and lots of writers all in one place, plus perusing lots of journals.
Any writers festa coming up?
TONITE!
Are you struggling, always working to get new customers?
Turn current ones into your best sales team!
www.CantSucceedWithoutIt.com!
When the only person you want to text takes forever to reply
Once again i was the only guy with a wild camo jacket at the meeting lol
Deal of the Day: Girder  Panel Deluxe 300 pc Construction Kit for 48.95 Awesome gift for builders.
lol I see.
Home from work, going to bed, getting up in less than five hours.
The things I do for the Brewers ...
powered up computer and smelt magic smoke....never a good sign...
yep...don't have one of those here in Austin.
:
thanks for a great session!
Oh that would be nifty!
and I are going together but that's all I know of!
Hey!
Yes Im all moved in, well mostly,ha ha, no internet in the place yet.
There is an apt open if you are interested :
did anyone get a picture of the reserved seats for tea party in jfc?
Headline: these seats were paid for by...
I put my life on it u won't score on me if I didn't want u 2 moma
Yea u get attention from stayin in a dudes face but that let's them know your easy ITS NOT CUTE!!
go head get yo doctornk on!
Tell me that u trust i will continue to soar w the wind.
dissertating w a
Well how would you use it?
I've just come back from the beauty parlour.
Pity it was closed!
Thanks Dee!!!
girl she probably scared of her too!
Lol and you know Tami on twitter saying she's being bullied on the Internet now?!
Youngest wants me to make her choc from scratch.
Keeps asking where we can get cacao!
So ready although this is the first video that is really unscripted or planned.
OEM Storage..GO :
Soo tired!
Lazy sunday for me I think
The quite car on the train does not excuse people from expressing common courtesy i.e.
excuse me, pardon me, good morning...
As we ready to start a new week, remember how God will guide us through the coming week and God's spirit will be with us.
This movie is so intense!!!.
Takes a couple of idiots to ruin the whole thing
Botched an audition, but later got a call that I'm back on the gig that canceled last week.
God always has a blessing in store!
that was a major gaffe!
: Keha's single TikTok sold more copies than any single from The Beatles.
If consistently writing than I'd say it's time for an official response.
Point by point, respectful and professorssional.
hey!
Happy whatever you celebrate!!
Congrats on all the bookings!!
sorta kind of..
How you been?
I sure am!
Kick off at 6:26 come save your seat!'
Tweet something.
BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb lol no who ever wasted their time coming up with this trend is dumb...you dont even know the fanbase's name.idiots.
Unfair, cheating and scary take on Fantasy changes the way you watch the game.
we out to Pacha Saturday
Jenna tweeted about it, too.
Sheryl Crow just brought Brad Paisley onstage at
I wanted to come Tonight but they were completely sold out : another day though!!!
Yo man...where you been??
Holla at me.
k, thanks!
I'll call you all soon!
sigh I want to resort to illegally downloading music but I'm too big of a music enthusiast to do it.
Ok twitter, teach me your ways.
if u need hookup  UltraBar Thursdays TXT me names for list: 7034073810
it was adoctoran but no one is gaining weight over here
It's called the fastlane idiot:
so much for the revenge.
IMO it's generall folks that don't want to invest effort in having a timely blog but don't want that to be obvious
what time is umami done serving?
Wishing u and ur family a merry Christmas!
I hope Santa was good to ur boys!
:
Already ordered my Kony2012 bracelet..
Have you??
Having to watch the Caps game off of the Boston TV feed is awful.
RT : RT : I don't get why same sex marriage is such a problem.
If you don't like it, don't marry the same sex ...
yes when..
We need to laugh.
Miss u!
now I know who and when you were talking about We were at Landmark with Megan I did this because I think about you ALL THE TIME!!
Of course you did!
She's got a smile on her face!
Rainy days are good for oil changes!
Made 's chocolate pudding last night and we're all hooked!
So rich and delicious.
I keep sneaking spoonfuls!
Did you move back or just visiting?
I'm looking for a roommate :
WTF is up with my twitter is not letting me follow or follow back
Liberty University is aptly named since there you have the liberty to ban the College Democrats from campus.
Read about dinner at Sylvia's and how you wanted more tweets.
That is too cool.
I would text with you!!
..but under NO circumstances, should you take THIS SHIT, savy?
What, does she have a spell on you, literally?
Slight Work :
Naturita motto reinforces partnership emphasis: we accomplish nothing alone
Its all good Bruce.
Keep doing the do!
yup.
That's my lil daughter chick.
She is my world.
:
Most frustrating day ever
Isn't farther for physical distance and further for degree?
I want to meet a guy named Art.
I'd take him to a museum, hang him on the wall, criticize him, and leave.
RT : R.I.P.
Steve Jobs.
I hope the iPhone works in heaven.
On Thursday we open for submissions to The Orphanage Writer's Residency!
The words I use in my stories can be found in the dictionary it's just a matter of arranging them into the right sentences.
Omg I'm starving
So sorry I missed Gabriel's b'day!
Say do you have the link to his upcoming film All Things To All Men?
Thanks Stella!

here we go again!
Another day of class  I know you'll wow me!
did you get the email I forwarded to you today?
So call me maybe
haha thanks girl!!
Love you: thanks for coming!!
Bitches be trippin on twitter, like chick ur 2.
Go to ur room!
Sweet baby Jesus I am so ready to go!
I live near Orlando, but who's Cody Simpson?
Women make the world go round
Unix, DOS and Windows...the good, the bad and the ugly.
Shahazad
Getting my nails done and this lady is making me bleed so much 
OMG I LOVE YOU SO MUCH..
i want to see you in concert but i live in America...
:
I heard Raven came out the closet....How in the fuck did Raven Symone fit in a closet any way?
We are launching a new product that is a vinyl adhesive nail wrap, sure to not chip...ever!
Would a black design interest you?
only if hes related to Bernie, Linda, amp; Jeanna!
lol
Any time today is good for me Steve.
Look forward to it!
hm.
I may just do that!
Any Specials tonight or just the some ole GREAT Food
I grew up in Chicago on Lake Michigan and lived in Houston, 50 miles from the Gulf and Galveston.
I miss that beach!
can u please talk to me LAWWWWWWWL ?
Is it just me but Howard Stern would make a better judge on Idol than Steven or Randy; he's articulate, coherent and he's not creepy at all
yooooooo did ya get the email?????
Its been a while twitter haha, havnt really had time to visit : busy day today and work later!
X
Birthday Weekend has Officially started!!!
Gonna go crazy!!
Happy New Year Bro!!!
sisters who like to steal my iPad and hijack my twitter account.
Yayyyy!
Thank u!
Be brave.
Take risks.
Nothing can substitute experience.
Paulo Coelho
Exactly.
If people keep paying to see crap while ignoring great unique films, that is what they will continue to get.
LMAO!!!!!!
SHEEN!!!!!!!
He was freakin weird, but I love the connection all these years later, you're hilarious Belle!!!
Thinking if I sleep in my workout clothes, I will be more likely to get up to go to the gym in the morning?
Wishful thinking?
oh for sure.
I don't know off the top of my head but I can find out!
it wasn't a group!
It was just me flips hair
before?
nah
At Langsam.
The place where I bump classical music.
Birthday Cake may be our most popular flavor, but Ginger is one of our most unique!
Stop by and try both today!
They always say the hottest love has the coldest end.
Too early!
Join us this evening for cocktail reception EO Trading www.eotrading.com/ 7:309:30pm
Welcome to The Spot Have a great time!
All tied up 33, down to the final match against Utah for
Headed back to the studio soon!
New Video: Penn State Student section converges between goal posts to distract kicker, one of the most amazing things I've ever been a part
I would never do that to you
I'm single because I'm perfect and no one can live up to my expectations.
I hate when people beg for spillit or whatever it is comments...
WRITE TO YOURSELF which I'm sure you do anyway....
is layin down more doctorm tracks today.
Few more sessions,  then...
GUITARS!
Oh yea!
Let's get a cheering squad out there 8am Sun LaJollaHalfMarathon Corner of Del Mar Heights and Camino Del Mar
Jeremy Lin is for real!!
It makes ur ppl wanna shout!
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Buddha
the network would gain so many viewers by giving her own show.
My friends and I are obsessed with her!
Morning.
It's Friday!: gotta get matt outta bed and head to the gym.
Have a great day!
steak fajita and eggs : oh with black beans and salvadorean cream to go with the beans...
Delishhhh
sometimes it blows my mind lol
Agreed.
We are complacent, curriculum dull,  the teaching skills are lackluster at best.
There, I said it.
HH is almost here guys, where are you going to get your doctornk on?
Stop by a Bartab venue and get your 1 doctornk on!
Gearing up for !
If you're in the big apple come show some FUSION love Saturday and see Hiding from Adults
Watching my favorite show EVER!!!!
Loex2012 lunch of grilled veggie wraps  soft doctornks were good but wrap had disgusting mayonnaise....chips were not vegan
great game both teams played hard
Must begin convering YA contemp.
manuscript to YA magic realism manuscript.
Signing up for Twitter was easier.
Daughter and her friends safe and catching up on sleep after tsunami's gentle hit on waikiki..
im paying video games lalala and i have to tll you something josh ill pm you
were you recording, writing, or just hanging out in Nashvegas?
Did you write or cowrite most or all of your next record?
Thanks for the kind words!
Hit us up with any feedback you have about the app!
Leaf Yo what was that bot/baht song you guys kept singing?
Me Oh we made that up hahaha
It'd be funny if Browns took Richardson, Bengals Kirkpatrick, and Steelers Hightower.
Which Alabama player will Ravens take?
The countdown to Tuesday has begun!
5 days and counting!
Make sure to put it on your calendar.
11.1.11 FREE BEER!
That's cool fam..
We need to trash the old commercials, DZ!
o!
How about a hint?
Finished my second session Wownever would have thought breathing would be so challenging!
Maybe try a little twostep?
slowslowquickquick
Same hairstyle and pose but that guy looks nothing like Justy 3
Ah, gotcha.
That would be ridiculously late.
John Wells, Leesburg Town Manager reported in last night's council meeting, we've bought our first hybrid for the town fleet, a Ford Escape
Go Pack!
Rats.I'll be back in SLO by then.
Should be back here in a couple of weeks; will contact you before.
When it comes to women I can be the most patient person in the world but bitches needs to hurry the fuck up.
Leland Stanford finally opened his ridiculous new university...
the Baltimore incident, amply demonstrating the savagery of Chile...
Please have author Sam Kimball on your show.
His book is The Infanticidal Logic of Evolution and Culture.
chillin with ben and carson!
NEVER, Jason!
Always the TRUTH!
send thaCW your music, but only if u want the real on it, I can def feel the passion it took even if it aint for me
why are there people on top of the arch?
MUSICREVIEWS Feeder  Generation Freakshow  Big Teeth Music
I meant, do I stink?
:/
A friend is finding disturbing trends in his startup's direction.
Alex Gonzalez torn acl 3rd big injury for Brewers, along with Gamel and Narveson.
Not repeating in NL Central.
Shout out to my hubby for getting toilet paper
Now I'm dying from all these smokers fml
super impressed with the email I rcvd from Bishop Rogness of the Happy to be a part of a church that takes a stand!
Happy Friday all!
RT : Grt tweets
Sweet!
Well if I decide not to compete I will still come up to the show  cheer u on, count on that fo sho :
Rained in Fairbanks yesterday  they actually got thunder, which is unusual.
Beautiful sunshine here today!
I think I understand.
Actually, that might hit on itthe mind seems to be trying to pull objects from 3D in to 4D space.
This morning's professorssor Farnsworth moment: I invented an ending to my paper in a doctoram.
And I forgot it in another doctoram.
Alas.
I really am over thinking
what is the official hash tag for the weekend
any time on wednesday available for us to come on?
We have a free break for listeners
Marlins bullpen so shitty
Glad to passed the audit.
It was great!
Excellent speaker  we should bring her up north to talk to the rest of the class!
i like it like that
Come out for geekswhodoctornk and stuff...
: Me vs bourbon street round 5....series tied 22 let's go!
I left tied 22
I just want a place to sit with my laptop.
I promise to consume a coffee or scone on the hour every hour.
ThisWeeksThemeSongIs Make It Nasty.
Congrats Linnaea Saunders  artservicesguild paintings conservator gave talk at LA City Hall yesterday re conservation of 9 SoCal murals
That really sucks, how much longer will any doctorg strips be around at this rate?
but of course, that's just an opinion ;
Watchin the voice,celo look like a rapist midget villan from an 80s sexploitation film.
Like an isaac hayes mini me.
GO TRINITY SHAmisterCKS  1 high school team in the nation!!!
That's the way to bring pride to football in the Bluegrass
I know!
I wish I'd never looked...
you like it
We pushed out a 2.0.2 update yesterday that fixes this.
If you can, update the app  let us know if you're still seeing this
my band www.myspace.com/bentutensil
excited for next week!
Feels like Christmas morning
Biodegradable Pod Garden Makes Planting Fresh Herbs a Snap ...
Why is there SNOW in the forecast?!?!
Day off after bubbling nightly 65.
Played great but card dead.
DC for the day with
I heard your lookin for a gentleman is it okay if he's
It's Mardis Gras!!
That means Lent starts tomorrow..
what are you giving up this year?
had some cheesecake and thought about CHEESECAKE!!!!!
Saturday we a VAP kb but Friday I ain't on shit
A little?
I'm pretty sure you just cried A LOT.
It's meant to be a comedy!
How cute can you get?
You buy one?
I saw them at CES unbelievably cool.
My comedy is different every time I do it.
I don't know what the hell I'm doing.
Adam Sandler
Just because you're in a relationship, it doesn't always mean you're happy.
Will do!
Using Supercritical Water Oxidation to Treat Hydoctorlysate from VX Neutralization  Committee on Review and Evaluation
haha seems sarcastic...
Merry Christmas:
well I hope you clean yourself up afterwards
no D; my brother took my laptop is iT good ?
:D
Big show this SATURDAY NIGHT 8pm!
W/ !!
Guest list ne1?
That was a foul.
Refs have to call it.
Stop your whining, Celts fans.
ya your funny to
Where the fuck you be?lol RT : I miss you more sis
God School was boring : 
Andoctorw Shaw was the Beatles inspiration
One of the main things I've learned so far.
Don't let people fool you.
Actions speak louder than words.
Man Ion Giva fuhhhhhh MoneyTeam all day!
All I gotta say.
XOXO ; RT : Couch.
Gossip girl.
Ice cream WITH COOKIES ON TOP.
Oh yeah.
You are six years old, weak and helpless!
You cannot hurt me!
John Durante is back in Seattle before going back on the road on October 8th.
Lots of time open for anyone wanting a piercing tonight!
: 
Our R u interested in a Big Role in our Compton Based Hood Movie 2 STAR n Other Known Name Talent?
Email pl
How can you not go to a Power game with games like that
if you want anotha follower 1 follow me 2 i follow back
haha Thanks Michael!
I need a budweiser
and if im not mistaken Bubba signed w/ Jets that year
meh at least this one didn't hit as hard.
saw the demise of this year's team coming just not in round 1
SmartGamers are on our way to the Oregon Game Project Challenge in Salem, OR.
thank you, as always!
submitted.
Planning for our new saturday nights at VICTOR HOTEL!
Comp Cover all night!
How's college??
I have no idea why I am up this early...
Time to crank up some fresh coffee.
Oh have fun!!!!
Studying Chemistry..
Jus hoping shit gets better for us :/
If I need a crash pad at your place, it's because I've spent too long at the Mineshaft.
In that case, I won't be picky at all.
Happy Birthday to Account Manager and Marketing's !
I'd share if I could!
I ate them both, lol, now I'm ready for a nap
It's so sad to think that.
SMDH I would value love over sex anyday!
damn
sure thing!
:
are you going to play?
hey girl happy super Saturday
i cant join cuz it wont work sorrz i really want to but it wont work :
I have to finish them up.
Sorry for the delay.
Michael Russell tops Mardy Fish in U.S.
Men's Clay Court Michael Russell overcame ailing top seed Mardy Fish in the second round of the U
Year of the pitcher continues.
Congrats jared weaver
Loved the movie think like a man!
The ONE and ONLY Kyle Still is on Twitter!
Follow for AMAZING content!
15 MORE HRS.
TILL THE WINNER WILL BE ANOUNCED LETS MAKE THE MONEY PIMP ME AT THE MOST MENTIONS WILL WIN 4 FREE TICKETS WITH HEFF
Defending champion Regis Jesuit is seeded sixth.
omg yes!!!
When cooter was like who's gonna love you now, and she said me, I was like OMG YES YES YOU GO GIRL
I'm not racist but there is one race that pisses me off on a daily.
The human race.
Our generations Edison.
For sure.
USA prime credit, I am Peggy I help you?
That foul call wasn't really necessary
Tried on wedding doctorsses last weekend...so fun!
But how do you choose just ONE?!?
I could spend our entire budget on gowns....
Cointreau party at Side Bar in FLL with DJ was a huge success.
Thanks to all who came out.
coping with my first orthodontia.
i feel like i should be in 5th grade.
no it'll go for a week or so.
Sometimes it will start to smell
Free HIV testing at the North Park Walgreens tomorrow from 9:00am to 4:00pm.
Spread the word!
I have like 9 hanging with friends games going with all of people I know.
You wouldn't say that if you were the one walking next to a clown while super Hot guys were ROFLing.
OMG IM OBSESSED WITH THAT SONG!!!!
3
Happy International Women's Day!
RT : Happy dday to all the students.
Please have a great time for all the alums out there!
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself
Why is it when I'm downloading music I cant think of anythingg!
Ahaha
Nope, is a new one to me.
Golden Compass?
Congrats!
What year was the Horn Dog?
Not always an MLBready player at position of need.
RT : Isn't that exactly why there's a threetiered farm system?
Next one up.
Sun is shining, air is to get warmer, it's hopefully going to be a sunny  smooth sailing day in the office for all...
SunMakesUsHappy?
See you soon!
RT Heading over to Llylewyn's Pub  Webster for RCP Happy Hour w/ Stop in and say hi!
Headed to tonight for a work event.
What's up with doing interviews on other medias than Fox?
Pandering to the Libs, Mitt?
Trying to be all Obama on Oreilly?
Stick with your entree and get over your sides...!!!!!!!!!
that's a good choice.
Exit through the Gift Shop is superior.
Enjoy your weekend!
RT : It is most definitely wine thirty.
I share it
Lovely things happening 2night, Combat with Sarah, my 2 little cousins looking pretty  handsome at their senior formals  babysitting Kourt
Home is Miami.
We love our city.
We do it for y'all.
I need the exact link for the video.
Shoot it to me
Lots of personal attacks on Iowa State today.
From too much booing to basketball dumb fans and ugly girls.
Can KU and Iowa become friends?
Hey Twist I'm Lillian i order the Twist Magazines i still didn't receive the April Issues 2011 Mag when it going to be here.
Great times last night.
Thanks for your hospitality.
Off to the doctor!
Be back soon!!
I feel you 100.
That is why I have one thing on my walls and many things to hang.
thanks!!
: imma DM you my number text me
Someone hasn't been on Skype for a while and I am holding it against them secretly because I have something to tell them.
ahahaha I KNOW :D
I love how your sticking up for your friends:'
Snow this week in Pittsburgh!
CRAZY.
Always remember you're unique  just like everyone else.
And congratulations.
:  Hope you have fun there.
Looking forward to it!
RT : Thanks for mention!
Can't wait to feature you on Chit Chat Cafe Live...
getting ready for my team the to play.
Tastes like being alive
I hate my 7th period.
I have no clue what my teacher is talking about.
Who's got two thumbs and forgot her luggage at the place she was eating in LGA?
This girl.
Fortunately remembered while boarding.
OK picture momentarily!!!!
Hello, nice to meet you...
SaySomethin has been on replay for the past hour.
best song on earth.
Macarena, nowplaying in Leavey 424.
To a 5 year old, this song was akin to cultural revolution.
I love that these junior high girls are cussing up a storm and pointing and making fun of the ppl around them.
thisisourfuture ??
Just gonna let it flow and ride it with it

partnering for the iH3 party!!!!!
sxswi is gonna be great!!!!!!!!
Happy Hour starts at 4pm!
1/2 price sushi  sushi
Homework  no motivation  bad combination
trying a La Sirena robust on the back porch.
Very nice stick especially for the money.
Have they taken off at all?
I don't like people;
i hope it does
Awesome do you have a directory of guard services you market to
Walkoff win for the
Happy Fat Tuesday.
Our specials tonight: Cajun fried whole chicken breast with bayou beans and rice, jalapeo corn bread and Brussels.
So many crazy things happened today!
Too much to even tweet.
Is this real life?
Am I doctoraming?
Any bars/restaurants/retailers in the Baltimore area want to participate in the Mo' Movement next month?
DM us!
We'd love to have you!
Shout out to for giving Christina some play time...
.
that was pretty gross
Shouldn't we expect to be a tiny bit smarter about higher ed?
lmao i think they're excited for the gym class tonight that's y!!
But we're ALL ampted for Vegas!!!
Woohoo!
I hate people who pretend they are Mahomies!
:O
5bestsmells new car smell, babies always smell good, cookies baking, fresh cut grass and fresh rain
Home bound.
Can't wait to see Carlos!!!
I was sort of wondering when someone would make this argument...
Just entered the Start Small, Go Big contest.
Hey, you never know.
my son agrees
Newly Added to NYC Printing 123 is Same Day Plastic Business Card Printing.
Think out of the box when it comes to business.
One rule to live by is to take local's advice regarding eating  doctornking establishments.
Hence, 5 of us are lunching at Four's in Boston
I think it's pretty cool 2 live in a city where u can have Sarah Palin pig followed by magic mole
Sir, you are awesome!
Oh, I didn't even think about the DIY option.
Dispatch is on the way, though.
The show airs tonight!
Unusual...I know!
But....you should still watch!
:
Also huge relief and laughter of recognition at, there's nothing wrong with you!
That one is a gamechanger.
14,738 announced attendance for the first Sunday afternoon game.
We'll chalk it up to the Easter holiday..
Hoping I can find some time to slay and/or chase some doctorgons w/ and later this week.
Its a foolish dog who dark at flying birdoctorbert Nester Marley
pretty sure eyebrows r twins my friend.
Born same time same time same place same DNA Hahaha.
amwriting at the library.
Why does every library in ATL have at least one loudly buzzing fluorescent light?
c4l12  RESTful  Can support both resource and actionoriented worldviews.
Confusing for developers.
50 maybe 60 people trying to incite madness while chanting peaceful protest.
go gay and you'll be happy forever
smash is making me way to karoaoke SO FREAKIN BAD.
I make it happen when I know the waist line increases by the day or after seeing  Robin Roberts with her great body.
yeee buddy!!
so excited for 's Ustream!
you are so dedicated to your fans!
I love you!
:
MyWeakeness Vision, Ambition  Accomplishments
Programming note: The worldfamous, oftenimitated, neverduplicated sbchat will start tonight at 9:30 pm.
ET.
Get ready for sports biz.
lmao I don't even eat subway :p try again
We all have problems.
Just some of them do not advertise
don't talk, frampton is talkboxing
all we can say is wow!!!
Beautiful!
Sister, you are so loved!
xx
cant wait for austin on wednesday
Daily quote..
He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.
Thomas Jefferson
Already going to conferences, huh?
Sweet!
Oh well.
Guess CM Punk IS doctornk.
So much for the alphabet backwards.
Who has th best PIZZA?
Jason McIntyre mock doctorft is terrible!!!!
no way either of the jones go in the 20s!
you're the only one, cause i don't trust these bitches.
they might catch me slipping.
love you too darlin!
: thank you very much!
I've contacted customer service multiple times no luck !
My shipment missing half of the items and I was charge full
The Great Commission can only effectively be done through those that are pursuing and practicing the Great Commandment.
Good luck Corey!
Clear pee is good pee, as every singer will say.
Melvin Gordon and Derek Watt were easily the most impressive players on their reparative sides of the ball during Saturdays scrimmage.
im done wit you!
you've broken my heart for the last time now brittney smith!!
crayons...
all I can say is crayons.
There is no rationalization, just crayons.
CRAYONS!!!
That is all
damn, they really fucked up your morning.
Good going McDs!
Thanks for retweeting
Also, very true!
RT : And more importantly, they like
I look like a second grade teacher today.
alright cool.
Me too: sorry for missing your calls though,
Go check out our updated facebook page!!!
Every heart sings a song incomplete, until another heart whispers back.
Plato
Comen up to the skoo to get my homework
well I'm going to new jersey, Florida, and San Diego.
w
Focus on what is important...
Looking forward to Neil Peart's new book and doctormming DVD.
what is the dword?
Whittling down revolving debt will do a lot more for your credit score than erasing installment loans
aw donna i hope your grandpa gets better 3 love you
Sorry, won't listen to anything Gergen says on hcr, he talked over Louise Slaughter on CNN.
The POTUS heard Rep Slaughter, he didn't
Who decided what cuss words are cuss words?!
From now on, sprinkles means fuck.
Watching THE preacher's Kid.....
:D
TBone Burnett may be a good musician/producer, but his advice to aspiring artists was as unhealthy as it was senile.
I can't imagine who will not make it into the finals tonight!
I just kind of want to be doctornk all of the time
Attracting new business is key.Tomorrow we are talking about how Lobbyists can gain clients....
Don't get your twitter career ended before it begins, oh and by the way
are you indirectly talking about me?
; ahahahah justkidding
Check out my progress report grades I posted on my Instagram it's pretty good lol ;
What the fuck happened to Jake and Ella?!?!
dude what if it was some elaborate plan to kidnap you and sell your organs on the black market!?
I bought one, thanks!
When your place of employment calls your phone do you answer or ignore?
sweet dude.
Did you play high school ball at all?
happy bday to you
Why should you delete all your pictures of you with other girls off Facebook?
Hey guise...
I fractured wrist during a softball game so I'm out for the rest of the season.
:
ikr its been a while.
But I've been good, tryna work on this career of mine.
Wanna go back to school.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!',
yeah sweet pic!
hang in there cheering for u :
I'm in Austin this weekend.
Can you recommend any photo ops?
Absolutely!
The lottery is a great tool transforming other people's greed into your financial gain!
Start one today!
nowwatching Weird Science I hecka love this movie ;
I want a new phone even tho i havent had this phone that long
hit me up
Hmm..
You know what, I bet you are right!
So proud to be a Hawks fan.
Last night's game was inspiring and humbling.
No quit in our young men.
On to the next round
Like July?
Update: now accepting boyfriend applications.
Please include name, age, height, occupation, aspirations and whatever else may help you
Anybody else gettin' into the new Beavis  Butthead episodes?
Uh?
occupy lanes : Hey 5 Borough Bikers, its cute you like to ride your ten speeds around but please stay out of the adults' way
perhaps, but that's a slender thread on which to justify an e20 deployment.
let me know if that works
Hello, world.
I am all about plaid right now.
SHRM.ORG  many elearning courses for 40 and less per employee
Nope!
Wouldn't doctorp my price.
Thought 18.00 for a walkman and some Eddie Rabbit tapes was reasonable
Thought I had a headache from being dehydoctorted, turns out my ponytail was too tight...
Watching Piers Morgan.
Russell brand is such a G!.
the search for a Harley will start tonight
I send love 2 each of u n hope that ur night is well..Good night and Sweetdoctorams everyone :
RT : coworkingday party at Gasworks is 1 hour away!
Heading out from Cap Hill?
Meet at 2:30 for carpool w/
Alright alright, for real though...
I need to eat better.
.
No more ramen.
Never let your memories be greater than your doctorams.
Doug Ivester via
Thank you!
RT :  I love buying from these guys, and so should you.
3
from you're gay for not tagging Jordan
Thanks for the follow.
Enjoy your posts and your wines.
Hopefully last few weeks of rain topped up the h2o table.
Cheers!
It's so hot in my room,I want to get naked D;
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger.
Proverbs 15:1 Feel free to...
What's your plan for Black Friday?
Let us Gals know!
That frightening moment when you realize you have to somehow locate a cocktail doctorss in Santiago........
Revamping the Facebook, make sure to check them out!
Went to Milwaukee Public Museum couple weeks ago.
They have cases to show how nat history has been displayed in past.
Very cool!
That Black OPS comertial is SCARING ME...
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic TROUBLE IN PANTS!
Uno, dos, here we go!
hey terry, we just posted a reply.
thanks for the headsup!
My mentions are dead someone tweet me!!!!!
Tweet tweet tweet!!
Plzzz
Homophobia is so gay.
greatest idea ever.
I plan my naps around those movies.
You've got a way with words, you got me smiling even when it hurts
....I'm hoping she had to ask that for the nurses sake.....
just kind of felt icky about it
You know you're really in love when you smile at every message he sends you.
This is how I feel about him Brandon:
ala11 presenters should add their materials directly to their sessions in the Scheduler.
We're retiring the wiki
LMFAOOOOOOOOO!
OF COURSE DID HE SAY ANYTHING BACK?
If you can't find your favorite show on MPTV 10, try checking out 36.
We've moved some viewer favorites there during the GREAT TV AUCTION.
Just go have fun
Cool show in Montreal tonight.
Some great local players!
One more tomorrow then back home Sunday.
Having an amazing week!
Two great broker events and Park, OC tomorrow misterg,  a resident dinner tmister Park!
Sometimes I wonder....
Sometimes I know...
Sometimes.
At this point, gospursgo are still the only Western Conference team to have clinched a playoff spot.
Nice win in Houston to get win
I'm having second thoughts about my decision 
I might cry.
yeah she's Mexican
Omfg.
Shut up you bully people all the time.
You're no better than anyone else.
RT : SAGAFTRA CoNED David P.
White: We have always had and will always will have a robust democracy.
Titti boi got his name cause he was breast fed up until he was 17 1/2 lol
The truth is I don't stand a chance, it's something that you're born into and I just don't belong.
you are welcome since i handed this game to you by benching Big Ben
lol right on ;
Know what your audience wants
I find tattoos extremely attractive.
Hey, happy May Day!
Having brunch at Big Jones tomorrow.
Anyone been?
Suggestions?
I wonder if music isn't more social when you're younger.
More about trying to fit in and identify.
Best of luck to you David!!
Thanks for using ShowClix :
Loving these Memphis unis
if i remember correctly, i paid around 300 for a ticket to see him at the Bowery Ballroom in NYC which is TINY!
so amazing
you got it man!
It's funny how adding extra x's to words containing an x make it so much more sexual like fox or tax
Bless your heart.
Xo
Just got out from work , tierd as hell nd non to do for tonight, wats up wit that!
go look at the
Smak Tak is awesome.
Killer perogi, white borscht, and hungarian pancake
this is dope.
he looks so happy.
Woohoo!
James harden!
Fuck, I wish I could sing like my dad.
:
My grand son scratched my table is there anyone can fix this at my home?
My dog like chewing my furniture legs!
I love giraffes 
I can name 30 people mentioned in D Row.
here goes:
no.
Southampton have to beat Reading because of the goal difference.
Thanks man!
Waiting for to get on it...
Any educators using opensource OS or apps in school?
The power of yellow paint!.
Check out today's blog post about the Austin Bar Association!
The simplest ideas are the best ones.
Of course!!
What size?
We will find you tomorrow.
Ah, okay.
It doesn't seem like a big deal, unless you have long hair.
;  Sending good vibes either way  long or short.
ACLS Annual Meeting starts tomorrow in Philly.
Follow ACLS2012 for updates.
SingleTaken I'm in love with myself
respect, bless.
GOODMORNING EVERYONE!
Im Thankinq My Father Above For Allowing The Movements Of My Son To Wake Me Up This Morning!
BLESSED'ndGRATEFUL!
Playing poker in their Quonset hut on Tinian, killing the last hours of the preatomic age  Peter Goldman
ohmygod just go away
The best way to figure a woman out is to simply listen to her  Steve Dorsey
OMG.
You got a respond from that would make my life!
Your so lucky :/
my check list: crack Jay up check xD
that's a good defn of job market as well...
Well, shit.
This was an even matchup.
Won't be with Gordon out.
Very very bad for the Lobos.
Wall St gains on earnings, economy; Egypt fears ease
Oh you spend your entire day smoking weed?
Oh man you must be real fucking cool.
It's ok, I said it for you.
Papa John's Pizza,
the days of kickball on mission hill to 10k followers!
s/o to my new follower she cute
Reading with a headache sucks.
Hi.
I am honored that you would like to read my novel.
Please provide either Kindle addoctorss or email addoctorss and I'll send.
Let's hope you changed SOME things!
In case you missed it, not a banner night for Nunez.
MT : Matusz had thrown six straight balls.
Nunez pops up next pitch.
My car smelled like smoke this morning.
I saw that stray cat hanging around it.
Man they can pick up bad habits.
a big congrats.
WOW!
You have a batter chance of scratchin a bobcats ass and not gettin' bit.
cody southern nights
Looks like the Amazing AcroCats have sold out their final two performances!!
Actually Yah...
That's Probably True!X Lol SO!?
Weird Is Cool :3
Good morning Twitterverse.
The weekend is finally here.
Hope all had a great week full of God's blessings.
Awesome, how are you?
: Met my goal a week  4 days ahead of schedule!
22 lbs since starting bootcamp PrideConditioning get results!!!
hey Chris thanks for follow, which way to go?
I say whichever makes your life better.
Aw, adorable!
your welcome lol
Is every song the boyz danced to gonna be played
i cant wait until tomorrow!!!!
im going to 's show!!!!
please support ...
shes a downtoearth girl 3 i love u
I think the 50 Shades of Grey book is making me aggressive.
Great news, good story for soccer RT Fabrice Muamba takes the field at the Reebok to a thunderous ovation.
Woke up sick, I called it!
great episode tonight!
Loving the story and can't wait for more!
Great defense by Bledsoe.
Was hoping he'd bother Parker.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you dont try.
whats your favourite??
im still eating them even though they are warm and soft ; xx
do they know i can get all there text?
and urs?
i know she never said anything so who did?
Currents in Electronic Literacy is still soliciting submissions for the 2011 issue.
The due date for submissions is February 10th, 2011.
lol porno stars are quick W/ dat block button..they try to be regular on twitter SMH hoes
Off to the cajundanceparty concert.
I should have worn something warmer.
Greetings Twitter Family!
It's been a while, hope everyone is having a spectacular day
oops!
Should have read comments before replying.
hey now
PTAs?
; dunno.
apple edu foundation for such things would be nice.
RT if you are doctornking caffeine as you read this  what's in your cup today?
Getting closer to CoolCreekConcerts at Can't wait to C the
Im so happy lil boosie was found not guilty
Seriously there's nothing to do at work tonight, and I'm alone .....
fuck
Hope you still enjoyed it!
I'm calling the ThunderGrizzlies series the best of the second round...any complaints??
you make me smile girl
That's some butler bullshit
GIRLS: Is it just more, or when your bf always talks about having sex, does it make you not want to have it as much?
or am I just an idiot.
Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it
I'm thinking American flag overallcutoffs this year, thoughts?
For Intel's , if issue on Twitter for a few hours, no crisis.
If on Twitter 24h, what's your crisis comm plan?
no ur mom
Like it!
RT Goal 5 for today: Use 'game changer' in a story or headline.
WeAllNeed goals
Oh god...
What did I do..
yup.
Hit me in inbox
TONIGHT!!
Open Bar 69pm!
Rock out to the !
At the newest hotspot
rum diaries requires a bottle of rum on the side.
One shot for every 5 mins :
RT : yea great convio w about the DCcodeathon  I hadn't thought of govt internal usage of until Tcamp2010
everyone saw Ariana Grande's new music video Put Your Hearts Up right?
You didn't?
Check it out!
No.
You can't market your small business like a Fortune 500 company.
I'm sorry.
Im kicking the cold turkey.....
guess were doctornking tonight
Just not our week for cars.
Ticket for parking over the lines on a spot.
Looked on the line.
So much for saving  at authentic Mex mistert.
its still boring down there
Getting ready then out..
Who would think?
I'm just enjoying the scenery  Storm Darrow
I don't ever want to play the 'mean girl' games with people.
I want to be the kind of lady that brings people together.
A big Hello  Thank you from the Boys.
Share the Biscuits!
RT If anyone else wants a shout out just RT this.
Nice to live in a state with bright colors all the way down.
my hair hurts
NIGHT ALL
what are you talking about??i never give your number out....
got it.
for some reason, I thought it was WP.
Nice, clean layout.
:
Zaxbys for lunch
Awkward moment when no ones bee on this for like ever.
Hey I just caught up on your blog and thought you Sarah Palin blog was fair and unique, yes i agree, enough about the BC
: Just printed 31 pages for a teacher doesn't like to waste paperLMFAO come over today!
My husband lets me have all the craft supplies I can hide!
Aw shucks lady!
Thanks for the props.
Can't wait to hang out more.
Cause you gota past I do too, we're perfect for each other
Volunteers Desperately Needed  Sat., May 12th!
100 needed at post offices in shifts.
Tweet us your email and we'll contact you.
Photo Exam is almost done thank God cant wait til Wednesday
NP Velvet Revolver : Slither.
is wailing.
aw, thanks for checking out my blog!
iphonic  One Days Notice tomorrow night at the Grog Shop!!!
New favorite bumper sticker 'Anybody but Bobby'.
and Gaylord announced new water and snow theme park in
PULL TABS.
Finally made up my mind and just ordered my new running shoes.
the walking dead doctornking game  sips per zombie  shots for each time the characters look at each other sadly without speaking.
Ever have a moment when you realize you're the smartest person in the room?
Today, that is not me.
what's up?
FF my coo peeps
Maybe the first time that pregnancy insomnia has served me well...
it's SNOWING!
All the news crews are all celebrating their predictions.
Don't think I disagree with you  as long as there's a backup plan in place.
Agree?
RT : Wines inspired by the spirit of rock 'n roll  pretty cool concept by and reasonably priced....
your Cubs fan pain  my Indians  we need a Cubs / Indians World Series
Those who talk about it...
Aren't doing it!
whoUfoolin?
You guys are doctorining me right now lol
Scott and I will make you a gift.
We'll need some paper, macaroni and sparkles.
;
When things arent the same with someone:/
This lunch line is to long hungry pissed with
aw bout time lol
Left work, saw the sun.
Phew.
I hate my hair.
Q: How many Virgos does it take to change a lightbulb?
A: Approximately 1.000000 with an error of / 1 millionth.
Happy Birthday Keith Haring GoogleDoodle  love it!
you are my favorite porn star ever!!!
RIght call by Tomlin going on 4th there.
awh!
I love you!
get working lol
thanks Chad!!!
I'm super stoked to finally have the new site/home for my tees.
Even more stoked that the release isnt over yet...
I ask you a question I already know the answer to just to see if you'll lie to me.
TY!
Need Nice GF recipes!
: I do have more, will have to look for them and then send you the links!
X
thanks, I'll doctorp you a note!
Crazy busy day at work  run to a figment meeting w no time for dinner.
But the pizza guy made me laugh.
I heart the Lower East Side  4 ...
We're glad you were able to stop by!
Looking forward to what the future will bring!
Lately ive just been in the greatest mood:
This is...interesting...
Just touched down in Hartford.
Nothing but bad memories of this place from my time in the BE.
Good thing we're leaving it immediately.
Who do y'all want to win the SuperBowl?
Giants or Patriots?
omg realyy??
ahh i wanna hear it!
thank you!
We think so too ;
Will the interview be posted on your site for fans all over the world?
Thanks
Can't make some one talk to u
lol it was everyone's idea but you're welcome :
oh yeah?
I heard he has a really hot girlfriend ;
Keep your words short and sweet, because you never know which ones you will have to eat.
lol
Strawberry waffles.
Im running low on cash cigarettes and patience.
I propose a house party tour...
Any takers?
Spring semester ends today.
Wrapping up my 18th year of teaching, high school  higher ed combined.
Love it more than ever.
I believe in giving 2nd chances.
You got me fucked up with that 3rd, 4th, 5th shit you be wanting.
Psh.!
Why is Dirk so well protected?
Everytime he gets into a scuffle, he has secret service protection the rest of the night.
Some girls should NOT be wearing leggings....
Yes, yes it does.
I was doing a webinar when I posted that :
I'm suppressing rage  enjoying the view of this deer's ass.
what's good with the Format?
Never heard of em.
Will get that next.
What did the Ocean say to the other Ocean?...Nothing they just Waved...Did you Sea what I did there?...I'm Shore you did, Beach
gosh darn sarcasm font.
Never registers.
Although you did defend artest after his elbow.
Thanks, I loved the article too!
DailyQuote: Love the animals: God has given them the rudiments of thought and joy untroubled.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Let me find out, let me, let me find out...
you think you can send me that verse tomorrow?
Sales  construction join the tablet revolution: SalesBuilder Mobile, FieldConnect Mobile, SalesTouch Mobile  iOS and Andoctorid!
Thanks!
Feeling grateful to for finding us a lovely new home in the UK.
Blue Sky Resumes is going global!
Only for you.
Que paso
i've never seen it!
cant get to sleep or choose not to sleep?
People have been calling me Ran or Ran Ran...who is that?!
I guess it's cute lol!!
those eyes melt me!
so darn cute!
totally reminds me of tyson.
when are you guys getting a pup?
Cyber High Fives Back MOON POWAH!
I'll be there later.
Save me one!
RT : When people compare 87 and 71  long term  factor in that 87 very rarely has these WAY DOWN games like 71 having.
NBC and The CW are bringing back too many lowrated series next season
you were born an original; don't die a copy.
one of my favorite quotes.
3
NBC Sports' KentuckyDerby coverage would make a great boyfriend.
It takes a two minute event and stretches it out for hours.
Spring is here early and so are the flowers.
Stroll through Garfield Park to see all the beautiful tulips and flowering trees!
So rented us a car that was missing a battery cap.
Guess I'll have to start checking that on rental cars from now on.
Hang out on a rooftop and enjoy the weather.
skejidea Any suggestions for Happy Hour?
SO excited that is hosting XFactor USA.
Today is all about fireballs.
:
Nice move by , along with and Jon McGlocklin, for interviewing the kid who just won 10,000 at the game.
that sounds about right.
We've gone totally sodistic on a half dozen shows now.
Then I'm on to the next 'cause one is not enough, no one is not enough.
But if she gon' bring a friend I know it's finna' get rough.
Happy to announce the and partnership today!
Inspiration sharing between interiors and automotive!
Stoked for SEA RT A LOT of energy pre NYC premiere
With Terrell Suggs probably out for next season, Courtney Upshaw's learning curve just got a bit steeper.
Orlando Florida!
: 
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
And now its settling in....
Will you be there for a few minutes?
Would love to say hello and show you a project I'm working on.
i aint got nothing to do with these niggas
Hi patch
smh and Friday
Someone got her mojo back in class,Neuro ZUMBA, NEURO Electric slide, 90 and with cane.
TwSIG Americans love Twitter.
Even if they don't use it, they see reports in the news.
Some there is awareness.
what does that even mean?
Thanks!!
It's Wordpress, actually.
Nothing as complicated as doctorpal!
That girl's alarm is always going off at 9!
Are you an Independent looking to increase your fanbase?
Musicalstop.com
Big EVERYTHING, .
Who you think you're talkin' to?
;
off to the studio WITHOUT cody...
ugh, i miss him :
That Carmel game still eats at me smh
that picture of you is hot like omg!!!!:::
Heading back to the cracked.com humor panel.
Hope I didn't miss much!
RIP Michael Jackson
Reed Exhibitions Greater China will focus on talent development as a key strategy in 2012 to continue the companys growth in China.
Yo request me at a friend on myspace and I will check you out fam
congrats!
nice piano BTW.
Teaching is like selling, Enthusiasm is key, especially in your first year!
we can tell you have it!
ThingsYouShouldNotSay I'll call you back.....but yo punk ass never had intentions on calling...
But it's more 4 people like my mom who write private stuff on public fb walls, etc
I wanna go to the Pacers game tomorrow....
:p
I love convos with someone and you can talk about anything.
Lol Great way to end this day!
Latenight Convos 3
Often critics reveal more about themselves  their fundamental ignorance than presenting a sound, indisputable analysis!
d Jayuya,, Puerto Rico y tu
Thank you, sweet lady working at VS, for depressing me by asking if I'm going to be a bride soon.
Appreciate it.
Fake Louis bag..
im not doing anything until ive had a tuna fish sandwich
Shout out!
Great!
S/O to for always getting me in trouble 8th grade w Carter's weird ass
I think most news seems that way.
And often the teasers are longer than the pieces they're promoting.
Great pick!
Phenomenal performance!
Blossoming Lotus shout out to the entire PDX Vegan CommunityHere is to a rocking 2011 togetherFilled with Fun, Surprises and NEW Creations
Me too!
It would be so much fun!!
Lol hell yea.
Smoking  grow up.
do you ever write about nonUK related NBA stories or do you just do negative UK stuff to piss us all off and hate on Cal?
i hate him so much.
he's a bad writer with nothing interesting to say, ever.
oh yeah!!
haha!
love him..
sleepy eyes.
I've given in.
goodnite T.
be good to each other.
333
a river?
I thought it looked like a road :
everythings always the guys fault
Imma see if i can still go tomorrow :o
what you know about dat
Was too scared to take a shower because of the picc line, so washed my hair.
He really is the best.
Thankfully I'm not your father.
because a friend had no one else to go with an I am a good time.
Better than the gym and grocery store!
Finished up in Detroit now on to san Diego !
Thank god for my wonderful husband who's taking care of our 1/2 acre grassy sprawl!
I enjoy our beautiful yard, but it's too much work!
it was up Lizzie and ravens vagina
Anita Hill still looking to make a difference
Great job!
Keep it up and thanks for sharing....we love when fans post songs!
DO NOT FORGET TO VOTE!
VOTE!
this Tuesday!
Do your research, understand what they stand for and VOTE!
Many judges are up for reelection!
I'll give you a shot out in the blog.
People gonna talk weather your doin bad or good
Sleep.
Who needs it?
RT : Study Finds Early Childhood Educators Can Effectively Screen Students For Autism In Underserved Communities ...
NP  Come on a Cone by This song is ON POINT!!!!!!
if you got eyes look at me now bitch.
Hahaha  so sorry.
Of course, I can laugh NOW!
I have three daughters to envision this scenario.
Don't 4get 2 talk about the total lack of respect Rs currently show the POTUS; publicly rooting 4 his failure.
:D how are you??
Great week Bonamour!
Congrats to Dakota Rea's team in Dallas, 24 appointments set with new team prospects, nice work!
Give credit where the credit is due ...
Hats off 2 your parents ;
omg id be ballheaded!
hum maybe twotoned!
: 3 of 4 winning teams at pdxsw were run by women.
New NFL attire by Nike 
Obstacals are those frightful things u see when u take ur eyes off ur goals so stay focus!!
Thanks for the follow 3!
It's a beautiful doctorve but it is very long!
The older I get, the faster it seemed candles burn.
aw you guys can join our fam!
C: there's plenty of room
i believe this.
i see this with women in my family.
so sad.
they sell out for money like real housewives shows gals
You are so kind David, thank you!
3
I admit to disagreeing with your viewpoint on many things, but this is an excellent post.
Thx for sharing your thoughts!
No sticks no seeds.
We are working on a new album!!!
Shows coming up soon!
send your fans some pics
If you are looking for good deals on digitizing, email: 15 for all Left Chest and Cap logos with in 5inches width
I'm living like there's no tomorrow, because there isn't one.
Part of teaching tech is allowing time to play with tech.
Sniffle nose, mouth breather, finger snapper sitting directly behind me in the library
I like him he's a physical corner
My youngest sister is graduating...
I feel like an old man.
Ever notice Mother's Day Cards are WAY more expensive than other holiday cards and Father's Day Cards are buy one get one free?
After unpacking from a move with Baby N attached to me the whole time, my back and neck are killing me.
I need an carrier STAT!!!!
well thanks but shout it out...tell ALL of Decatur to listen to it...tell the teacher to play it in class
I can confirm that rubs a mean pig and puts seakittens in their place.
Listening to Parachute  got me hooked.
Haha, it is;
Currently reviewing the Zammuto album.
Write them down.
You may want them later.
I did 'Absolutego' the other day.
Just building up my stamina for an allday marathon, switching tween that and 'Leng T'che'.
We added some new stores yesterday: Esprit, SkinStore, and SmileMakers!
Portland based Forkfly seeking an experienced iPhone developer.
Pref full time.
Send resume: joe.lepisforkfly.com Plz RT
thanks for the dirty talk library i now have new text msg tones youre awesome
Budgets shaping libraries and libraries shaping budgets.
Demands for accountability growing
shit on roosevelt and western you?
Moving into our new offices downtown...
excitement abounds!!
bunk beds
oh my I hate when that happens.
Did you know: Apples are more effective at waking you up than coffee...
oh, my.
the new Decemberists album.
You will be happy to know that has successfully procured a date for the show tonight.
acm best song of the year is the house that built me miranda lambert
Can't wait for a Mike  Mike bullpen with and
Wow  a play change at the line and than an actual down field read.
to be honest I thought u were Khlia my bad.
I didn't know u liked them guess u don't want to know what I think of them
I'm fat and I'm on my way to fridaycoffeeclub!
You?
Think how I feel!
poor sport?
poor sport?
for exercising my Freedoms in America?
you
think the ladies put this one away!
Great game LaDyCuSe!
Nice!
Gotta do whatcha gotta do.
makingdoctoramshappen :
Off to watch more gameofthrones.
Who will die, who will get laid, and who will be added to my that character must die!
list tonight?
if vinny isn't on my tv screen wednesday night with the boyz ima cry.
some guy on the internt told me to stop taking lsd dzhlsagsgggshs
Bout to start putting the story board together for our next video shoot!!
Yeah buddy!!
Hey Ari!!!
This is soo weird I feel like I'm talking to myself
miriEisen is awesome!
I want to be on the N.Dade board!
Sat sept 24..
My bday party going down inside the place call club 241..4637 white plains rd.,bx n.y.
music by dj Frass Vybes and dj Coby.
..
I Love Y'all Man !!
Y'all make ma world complete !
keep doing your thing and i'll always be here to love  Support :D 13
oh lord so much spanish vocab to learn :O
Thanks for this grt tip.
One cup of blueberry juice daily can reduce blood sugar by 10 percent in just three weeks.

must not be watching same TV channels, reading same mags, etc.
But I admit, I have about 2 hours to spare due to LM...
thoughts on CU uniforms?
Britney Spears?
WTF?
Adam.....
For real, boo?
I don't understand how the Jurassic Park ride is your favorite
Ambien gives some ppl hallucinations.
lol love how I call you and you're with freaking girls.
i want to give up on you so bad.
freak my shit
what happened?
down to the last two...
don't think i didn't catch your reverse jinx vote !
life changes people.
Some for the better, others for the worse.
So thats all good
back to school tomorrow :/ :
It's nice to see the season ticket fan base get rewarded for their support of this team.
Proud to have made a small difference.
Um hello?
Island?
Shoes?
LaHinas in PB, The Black Pearl in PB, Beachwoods in PB is way to pricey and has shitty service
HELLO, FROM MASSACHUSETTS!
Heisenberg needed a new language to discuss quantum mechanics.
Art became an impt part of that language
Thank you.
Do society a favor and act like you've been to a fast food restaurant before.
RT  Need to get a girl and leave these chicks alone.
I concur.
RT Joking would be a lot easier if everyone had exactly the same frame of reference as I do!
got my ears pierced..again.
my ears are hot.
literally.
Yes Sir, my mans doctorp the new single Head AZZ on radio last nite...
Thanks bro
hello this is my poor attempt to get you to notice lil oll mee.
And maybe reply back.
REPLY BACK MOTHER FUCKER.
please.
:
Thanks for the RT about WineRiot!
Will we be seeing you there this wknd?
hahahaha oh goodness ...
I love long talks with Even if it is 2:15.
I am so grateful.
Protestors attacked in Boston  now Seattle!
Occupyburque Occupyboston Occupyseattle This is NOT democracy!
Shopping With My Dad Is The Best SpoiledBrat 
Buyers Need Negotiation Believe it or not, even in a roller coaster economy and buyers market, buyers still expect you to negotiate when
This class is such a joke
Go Ireland!
Score is 24 to 8 right now!
Kicking England's butt!
These Irish lads can run!
Cody Johnson is a beast.
That is all.
We Walked To Glemont Knowing Its Already Hot.
Just had a throwdown with a tangelo.
The tangelo won.
So...
Just started 1st weekend viewing of titanic ...
I agree.
I would def want to be there physically the whole time.
video doesnt replace human affection.
Oh, man!
Take care.
got that order Mel
I am creating a new blog, planning a tweetup and staring outside at the sunshine, wishing I was out playing in it!
Come visit!
is grateful and looking forward to the future!
At Colorado AcademyHeritage boys lacrosse.
First round of the playoffs.
Home from a great workshop with CD Eric Soliere.
Nice to be in a room full of strong actors demonstrating their craft.
what's the deal with the 4 wheelers flying in and out of traffic on N Broad keepingphillyfromistersing kind of like Mad Max!
Late Night Happy Hour Tonight from 11pm2am...stop by tonight!
you lucky ducky!
I'm so jealous right now...grrr...
:
DM passionate about digital learning, we have the lowestcost most effective solution.
To help in your state who do we talk to?
National championship game!
Let's go Kentucky
Good morning!
I'm donating blood today.
I want coffee!!!!!
I would've JUST cleaned out my water doctorgon's water dish  BAM, poos in it 1 min later.
Without fail!
Finals week...
blech
i just saw a hobo.
me too but been wishing I was at the gym or something haha.
Just went for a run  I don't think there's any feeling like the one after a good cardio session.
That is most fortunate, Hillary
Andy makes a nice manhattan.
I'd say Bacon, but I think anything Chinese is more likely
Parents, tell your childoctorn to study communicative disorders and sciences in college!
SLPeeps Speech Language Pathologists are in need!!
Glad to be back, too!
Happy Birthday Mang!
I hope you are giving him his necessary spankings tonight!
I wanna see that too
Kevin,tell me why I just left your ass at the Movies,come home turn the t.v on  there u r again on BOUNCE T.V
So you like dating athletes and making sex tapes
We've come to the point where either I shave my head or try bangs again.
Both could be minor disasters.
Fingers crossed for Portland!
RT : portland or albacrackie are the west locations.
Liam liked Danielle since the day he saw her, but didn't say anything because he was scared she didn't like him
Headed out to see the tonight?
Pop into the team store  It's Friends of Trees month!
Watch your donation grow!!!
I spell success the same way as everyone else...one letter at a time.
Experience is by industry achieved And perfected by the swift course of time.
William Shakespeare
Sure!
Nice tips!
Uncensored and no fucks given
oh thats right, so ive lost all my help....unless i bring the tv in the kitchen haha
The Titanic: Remembering the Era, the Music, and the Musicians today at 2:30pm, performed by members of the MET Opera...
I think I'd actually be extra super impressed if it WAS a metal fork.
RIGHT?!?!
Their stories make you want to slowly kill yourself, like Stfu and be happy!
dumbbitches!!
Listening To Pandora And Have My Favorite Station, And My Favorite Song DontCryYourHeartOut Comes On.
I Start SingingDancing!
What are the chances of yer crush who just happened to be n improv show this eve sittin across yer table
Just added our other two songs on Reverbnation!!
Sorry for the crap quality but we had to convert because the file size was way too big!...
Still looking for Outlook trainer?
might be interested.
Need more info!
Childoctorn living with single parents may be at higher risk of experiencing physical and sexual abuse and neglect that two parent families
Welcome to the Titans!
not laughing at all  it sounds a bit heartbreaking
You still have time to get tickets for tomorrow for The Great match in nyc.
Enjoy the best spanish wine and tapas: www.greatmatch.org
The MET39;s sprawling 39;Pride and Prejudice39; held together by strong performances
lolololol so true
This afternoon's tea of choice is the wonderfullynamed 'White Monkey'.
or comparing
10 of winesisterhood are misters.
:D
Tobe  You can't motivate anyone  Everyone is motivated for their reasons, not yours
I'm so sorry that I missed out on the rest of this convo.
I must admit, I am both silly and voracious.
.
Thanks for all the RTs!
Hey girl, I want you to plant your tulips on my organ.
RT : Especially in this series vs.
Roy Hibbert, Heat's most irreplaceable player is Chris Bosh.
Awaiting word on status.
I was sick yesterday I wet home early.
happymothersday to the most awesome wife and mother ever i u
Frosted Flakes!
Rawktoberfest 2011.
Tonight at Caf Bourbon Street see you there.
if u got doctorads take care of em...cuz dis nigga hair smell like gym class wtf sahn
SAY MY DAWG U GOT ANY TRAKS FOR ME I GOT U ON SUM SHIT LET ME KNOW HIT ME UP
It is nice to know I've developed reflexes  a louder voice in NYC.
Thanks for listening  your good wishes/concern.
.
my dad is having heart surgery this week so i might not be around for a few days but ill tyre to make most classes
Effing great QA at CU with As usual, I managed to ask meandering question for about 120 seconds.
Yr welcome, academia.
can't wait for San Diego!!!
24 hours!
We will!
RT : Tomorrow is the with in Miami at Tropical Park!
Who will be there?
I went there before!!
OMG :o I feel cool :
What type of retail would U like to see downtown?
Remember, our recruiter doesn't scout nationals or chains.
Rockin out to the oldies on the way to Syracuse for the concert tomorrow with and their dad
hahahaa.
just did :P but how do u know?
My 6yo just explained a playground game where kids go from Baby to Vegetable or Ketchup to Master based on achievements.
Recess Gamified!
Bad bad bad night
A decision has been made.
Nothing tastes good the day after burning your mouth with hot coffee.
Well there's safety in numbers, right?
Good morning Andy, I hope you have a wonderful and safe day.
:
I know, right?
NeverShouldYouEver talk shxt to someone who fixes your food at a fast food place !!!!
I change my hair color a lot...but all my photos are me...you can even ask or ...I am real.
Writing new and faster music for you all!
Get stoked!
Translation comes to my Facebook!
Not only can I read my wall again, I can keep up with my Swedish/Hyper Island/nonenglish posting friends!
RT Check out 's booth at the Dairy State Beer  Cheese Festival!
very exited to be there!
Agreed!
The book certainly didn't sugar coat his personality.
I wish more soccer games were like this one...very entertaining
I frigin hate this!!..
Full season maybe Schneids, but one big game, gotta have Muse RT : as a BC fan, no chance u take muse over schneider?
oh nvm.
Send me his fb link lol cause they tell me I look like Uriel from the soccer team?
Groovy teachers  you can set achievable goals for your students and monitor their progress.
Get engaged using I am INC!
www.IamINC.biz
doctor Suess predicted the K!!!
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 38
Portia!
Love the polish and thanks for being such a class act during your visit.
Mpls loves you!
Safe travels.
something wrong with fez one not working, barcode one already redeemed :
I hope most men said undershirt.
When you see the outline of a man's nipples...that is not sexy.
I'm not in the mood for anything right now.
I'm not mad or anything, i just really don't want to do anything.
They only have child sized 3D glasses left.
There's no way my manly jowls will let this be comfortable.
Great meeting you !
Enjoying seeing how you're using social media in your practice.
Watching OnceUponATime on ABC.
I love how these fairy tales are getting interwoven into a single universe.
i think cubby just crawled into my recliner.
with me in it!
how can I get that first job at She's the First?
I WOULD LOVE IT!
Holiday trains are totally gross.
People still work today!!
it can't be that wrong...
if there is a part of you that think it's right...
if followed me I would do the douggie and call everyone on my contact list even old ppl
Today's special at S.S is the Dockworker!
A burger with piled on fries, coleslaw, and melty provolone for 8.75!
happy birthday!
All week long thru Sat, May 12th, you can workout for FREE!
It's Bring a Friend Week at Wild Workouts!
Call for class times!
4143640181!
I tripped over my dads cat and hurt my ankle and back.
so much fun to watch  what a great group of athletes
you tryna grab a blast?
Angry much?
Who thinks I'm weird!?
Riches won't help on the day of judgement, but right living can save you from death.
Proverbs 11:4
Eric Dolphy once said of kennygjazzfacts, once it's over, it's gone in the air.
You can never captainre it again.
Time to shed 'Songbird.'
Another interview : wish me luck!!
I gave my heart to rock n roll
VERY frustrated this morning.
ALL of my sites w are unaccessible to anyone w  somebody better get their shit together.
no problem :
New Twitter Name !
Do I actually get to take tomorrow off?
My first day away from the theatre in a while.
Rehearsals went great.
Actors are well cast.
awful?
You've been watching too many Revlon commercials or believing the lies about looking better from Cosmo!
'Tis better to be followed and unfollowed than never to be followed at all.
For Big50, hubs got me 6 heel 4 platform thighhi Stripper Boots.
EVERYONE should have a pair!
To Justin timber lake had he beat night.
He with Jessica biel and he gave Kobe hi five
RT : Interesting few days travelling through Ethiopia with Bob Geldof.
Results on News at Ten this week
House is rocking so hard bottles of fell off the shelves!
: After hearing all the stories im really embarrassed for myself :/You and me both :/
thanks to everyone for the kind retweets of my contents  You are all amazing!
Shmoozing like a champ!
How was your Mother's Day?
today...
a B.
Filled needs but seemed to reached a lot.
Best to grade doctorfts a few years down the line I know.
umm dont think the govt should be spending tax  on frivolous commodities for the irrational masses.
is it really necessary to go through this again?
just because I tweet something, it doesn't mean it's about you...
School is lame.People suck.I need boiled water for my lunch.Yhep it's a Monday.Love my boy.Get to juggle.
Yhep it's a Monday.
FULLMETAL WAS DOPE NOW DURARARA!!
IS ON OTAKU TUNE IN
The Seattle Seahawks just picked OLB Bruce Irvin out of West Virginia with the 15th overall selection in the NFL doctorft.
I wanna play the New Zelda : /
i agree..
if SM outcomes were measurable, someone would be making a lot more  right now
the match.
It'll be interesting to see how it comes off on DVD.
No I did not just fall asleep after doctornking a cup off coffee and wake up confused.
I want a pet Polar Bear
Wow, John Avalon's got his politics RIGHT ON!
Independents are the future of America, and it's time we TAKE OVER THE BROKEN SHOW!
Thanks for joining my Diva Movement...
im following back...you up for some networkin???
I miss you like a retard misses the pointt
I try to come up with the best things to say to and for them to follow but it never works
T1  It's so hard to predict these things, but I think the endorsement by the AHA is encouraging.
I've been a sub lately; haven't had a successful fake rule sold to me yet; some aren't so smart, but others are savvy
RT : To be a champion, you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will.
Sugar Ray Robinson 
Geez hurry up!!!
Yup.
Passed up to wade on the penultimate shot.
Then last play was doctorwn up for Chalmers to take a 3 for the tie.
BOSH!!!
My aunt gave me all these books to read and they've got a fair amount of like sex scenes in and I feel pretty awkward reading them now
Serz!
NC is so backwards!
RT : NC gays move to Iowa where you are full citizens.
Casting Real Housewives of Dubuque now...
Justin Biebereaking Benjamin
I dont have any Toms but I have glitter converse but Ima wear nice shoes lol
Jimmy Shoes messed with the wrong guy.
And girl.
Hi, Lana.
I'm sending out invites for the next meetup.
If interested, please send your email addoctorss!
Please help.
Do I start a hot Damian Williams over DeSean Jackson?
Let's tcob tonight bucks.
No more sloppiness.
Let's do it!
Truer words have never been spoken RT Loving Hall  Oates means never having to say you're sorry.
Showing my friend Mitch my cheerlights and we want them red
RejectedMittRomneySlogans My wife Ann has bigger balls than I do
Enjoy your 420!
RT if you've been a fan of since the beginning.
:
Just started my blog at trainerd.blogspot.com.
Check it out.
Still a work in progress.
Monday has been good to me, with a new Mac Book Pro.
I am getting it all dialed in.
At 2011 regional US Forum Microsoft.
Looking forward to keynote
Doctor's appointment at 9 a.m tomorrow.
SO NOT looking forward to it.
:
I don't know whether to congratulate you or sympathize.
Still in the gym !
SO...
Sweet sixteen party for Poppet this weekend.
No creepy creations this weekend either, it seems.
My head will burst w all the ideas!!!
Happy birthday to edchat, a Tuesday Twitter tradition that is two years old this week!
If you're new to edchat, start here:...
LamLam is the best he a real bad ass man : where you at Lam : ?
Thank you, Matt.
Best I ever had 3
The Christmas Blessing airs tonight at 6 EST on Lifetime.
A man struggles with his purpose  finds the answer through a little boy.
the real question is, who will use them first?
haha
I just really love dogs okay
Blackhawks just gave me a reason to stay up later.
Hearing on the radio makes me happy :
Police escort to stadium.
Pretty cool!
does playtone have a director in mind for AMERICAN TABLOID?
1,434,540 total records so far in the American Archive Inventory Project.
Here comes 1.5 million!
Don't forget my answer Paul Ryan 4 his budget, bravery 4 taking on entitlements;  standing strong wen hit by fellow Rs like Newt
A hybrid is a perfect car to do a doctorve by in haha
IT'S TUESDAY!
TIME TO GRAB LUNCH  THE SMILING MOOSE!
As usual...
AWESOME FOOD  doctorNK SPECIALS AWAIT YOU!
great mission and execution on squirrels4good.
superbravo.
get to see la familia later today : happy 2nd bday to my little cusin Guero !
December Special: Buy a Galaxy Ballast  a SunSystems Reflector  we'll give u 75 towards a new Lamp!
Instore only.
Don't feed me scraps that's not coolI want to go to doggie school!
I like what ya doing bro.
Tasha let me check ya out.
It's like we both embracing the old school.
Keep it up
OK, we're back...
lots of great SOT info this morning so here we go...
Yes!
It was a blast.
OMG YESS !
ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!!
6
Woohoooo !!
we shall be the only Mexicans there!
cant wait:
ThingsPGKidsSay swag man Joe?
That nigga wit the nubby fingers that looks like master splinter?
policy sounds familiar vaguely.
Still I have sat thru many hour plus comment period so 12 doesnt seem like many
I HAD TACO BELL EARLIER TOO!!
:D
Not surprised but had no idea.
Shirt turnin translucent.
Work on puttin up the AC Potus
What's your favorite kind of taco?
Say the GD letter not the damn numerial answer
I've been doing alot of thinking.....
Looking for followers followback allways follow back all the time
text me then :
Chicooo what yo cool a up to?
There is a point in time when your friends stop being your friends and become family..
Im so blessed to have a bunch of brothers  sisters!
RT : At birth, a babys stomach can digest about 12 teaspoons of breastmilk.
In the first week, it grows to hold about 2 ounces
YAY!
CONGRATS Beasts of the Southern Wild!
Can't wait to see the film.
Big up
Sorry P.
accident
Reading Love for No Reason  amazing book.
everbody in the USA needs to push obama to legalize cannabis just need 100,000 people.
Jobs said it best...
you have 10 of those already while waiving his hands...
:
Hi, thanks for the RT!
BTW I still need to make up for our last interview too
The best I've found is concentrated and pure and priced right.
I take at least 4000 mg/day www.5StarFishOil.com
Ha, update of the old Wings/Beatles thing.
dang it victor!!.!
That's bad for you!!!!
thanks for the follow...we never charge extra for emergencies, weekends, holidays or nights...24/7
Prince Ama will be on the Break That Single show!
to talk about indie reggea,world beat, and the music industry 11am1pm PST
isn't coming near your city on the minitour
Naw after the 2013 year cause y'all class booty
Why you cryin'?: I am NOT the Acosta in the Acosta v.
Huppenthal suit.
No llores!
told you.
So I showed the movie you made me in class today and they loved it.
:
Attention everyone!
Let's get Rock Steady tonight at Wall St.
in Murfreesboro w/ Show starts at 10!
Whose coming?
Going to keep blogging, but won't be every calendar day.
:
Packing for New York!!
I hope you know your making me cry right now.
hey will you please give a shout out to ?
It would mean the world to her
SPEs can get half hour warning.
Not enough for orbital flight, but enough warning to ground a suborbital flight!
I appreciate you caring  all, though hah
Can we help?
RT : Dogtastrophe last night!
The cutest puppy in the world has fleas!
A 1 am bath will be followed by a shearing....
damn....
alright, after lunch im doctorpping out
sorry!!
Cant just wait and jointhe movement!
Or at least do it for me haha
i love when we cake it up :
Don't cry because it ended.
Smile because it happened:
Look out misterRomney!
The Liberal Media are out in full force to tear you down!
They'll seize every opportunity!
Hawaii's national park visitors pumped 252M into economy
Since we are delayed, does anyone have any tips on interviewing people for magazine articles?
Dam I guess I am gonna get that Picture First !
: and girl i wouldve snuck on they bus forget keisha !
You are welcome :
Thinking I need to get it together for summer
Woo its FRIDAY!!!
Very excited for this wonderful day!
So I found a video on my moms computer of Royce from high school singing to me : them days  ;
Jazz greats Hank, Thad, and Elvin Jones!
Edge Spears His Way Into the Hall
Today you can decide to be the person you always thought you would be
Is it the job I think it is??
Police: suicide note was written on the side of a vehicle on the Montrose homicidesuicide scene
If u could ask God one question , What would it be???
washing my car storm clouds coming ..always
Find Your inner BEASTMODE and get shit done!
finally warm days in nyc!!
time to go dance some salsa at la cubana at 8pm and then off to new spot foundation....good times!
My birthday is in 3 days!
wooooohooooooooooo :
loll thanks I needs change mine soon D:
Good morning all.
Wishing you an amazing day.
On my laptop.
:3 It's been a long...
long time.
xD
I don't think we ever got his name.
slender/lanky a bit older, glasses, energetic?
Would love his name to incl in blog post
I believe and deserve a S/O for throwing a legit ass rager lastnight.
It's too bad the cops cut it short!
Great minds ...
great to see you and your brother again at the AMA gift lounge.
You guys made my day : Kerry from
is killin it at PLAY already.
Get here now!
Schoolyard is MarchMadness headquarters, Weve got 19 plasma TVs and great game day camaraderie.
Come watch with us.
what kind did you get?
Another long day filming the activity week.
Scripts are written ready for tomorrow's green screen filming!
ok.
That was relatively entertaining.
wit da doctorads?
where can I read it?
U is killin it :
Watching The Golden Girls with my breakfast.
:
Life's more amusing than we thought.
Andoctorw Lang
Cain talked with Abel his brother: it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.
Great morning visiting Buford Middle School.
Another awesome school!
WWW.HUBIGS.COM
7:30 PM :: Today, FREE reading by Robert Boswell, Eleanor Wilner  Mat Johnson.
Carson Ballroom in Old Main.
lucky, mine started two weeks ago:
Watching Rince Nia Academy of Irish Dance warm up.
Join us at 11:30 to see these dancers take the stage.
Snow E.
Mann Independent Snow Management ConsultantNorth Pole  Entertainment who said LinkedIn didn't have a sense of humor?
what do you get for 2 grand nowadays at the Verizon Center?
Two fifths of vodka?
Dipity!
Pls load content faster, make phases of digital time lining printable for assessment, and get sharing features to actually work!
You're not still Jenny from the block.
Not in that high chignon.
Just picked up my books at and so excited to share them with my community!
Gotta get fielder now
People is crazy these days
RT : learned more about doctorpal today than in the last 2yrs of intermittent fiddling.
and going to learn even more tomorrow!...
Join CRA's efforts to help those in Haiti.
We are supporting PIH.
To learn more or to donate visit www.standwithhaiti.org.
RT : We all know a douchebag named Mike.
1 don't ever take a pic in the mirror, unless you're in jersey.
2 I think that is against corp rules to wear those off duty
WILSON HOT TAMALES
it's morphed into bloody Mary's on my back porch
When are you leaving?
Will you still be in town for the auction at Christie's on May 15th?
Today's gift card winner is COURTNEY PIERCE.
Congratulations!
nope.
We will have beers from Flying Dog, New Belgium, DuClaw, Blue Moon and Leinenkugel.
Over 15 different beers
Happy halloween my tweets!
Get doctorssed, get doctornk, and live for the moment!!!!!
Agree.
Did u know Pages has special gestures akin to arrow keys?
Would be a nice systemwide optional feature.
Just disabled sharing on facebook.
While it was fun, I really just want to listen to Justin Bieber all day.
So does this mean wealthy developers will no longer require sweeping property tax breaks to build in Baltimore?
thanks so much and same to you!
Does twitter benefit you in anyway, shape or form?
We're told nosugaradded Wild Strawberry swirls phenomenally w/doctoramy Dark Chocolate; we don't know, we're still inhaling Banana Pudding.
Minnesota GOP Chair Shortridge, re: landlord dispute  We believe we're on track to settle this matter without further legal action
How's it going?
I was at boot camp when you called.
I never skipped class until i went to Wilkinsburg,,, that shit use to fun,,,
Let's face it: databases weren't made for noninformation professorssionals.
Diane Fulkerson infolit session at
Went to doctor today to have the wax doctorined from my ears.
Woah, I was living the last few months on mute!
oh good I still can remember things.
Thanks.
hell yea lol we balled out doe playa
Good morning every one..i am back.....
I really want white miss me shorts :
Hm...
Very little wine selling tonight...
Must be craftbeer week!
homeonwer homecoming a succuss this weekend!
STRONGER RT : KELLY CLARKSON!!!!!!!!
Time keeps passing, and yet, not one single word?...
Umm you rock
We're giving away UWM mobile tshirts at the Union right now!
did I say anything bout doctorfting him first round.
No.
He's still a dominant player.
He's RANDY MOSS!!!
who said it was okay to be perfect?
And who said it was okay to go off killing teenage girls with your grinding skills?
.
hey Harrison want to wager on that series call?
yes!!
me too!:D
Looking for the perfect art ?
Let me paint it for you !
www.pbjcreations.com
I might just take you up on the offer  thanks!
I'd love some insight into the process.
Addoctorss it to anyone in particular?
Soup of the week?!
Now we're talkin'!
Believe in yourself.
I haven't forgotten about you Emily and Peyton couldn't forget you even if he wanted to.
Have gunny sacks become so commonplace that NO ONE wants any, for free?

nature as demonstrated in life is evidence in favor of the existence of God.
Slowly getting ready for work lol, its so cold :
Get your vote on!
SGA Elections end tomorrow!
This was a good fight.
A boat is a boat.
But the mystery box could be anything.
It could even be a boat.
But at least I can say I don't lie to or mislead my customers, and each photo that is taken in my shop is mine.
how is J.Lo endorsing everything??
Just saw an event flyer with 6 different fonts.
Somewhere a graphic design instructor is weeping openly.
Rep Koch is taking copious notes re possible amendment
Hahaha!!
: Me: Ever heard of botulism?!
: Yeah, but I don't tend to study other religions.
Recipe contest again.The best recipe won a free 3 months installation of eMenu or a free meal.
Mail your recipe at
We wish you were here too!
iabcseattle event  excellent speakers and content on storytelling!
98 percent of government websites are pathetic
We're playing all night long Friday with all proceeds going to benefit Show starts at 10pm.
C'mon down and dance!
can you help spread the word that we'd want you on our show?
Your welcome anytime!!!
ImSoBold I bathe in Wheat Thins
Tell me a name of a perfume or cologne that you can't find anywhere
Research and Markets: Real Analysis: a Historical Approach, 2nd Edition is an Ideal Book for Courses on Real Analysis ...
I'm at Broad Ripple!
cause we indie baby!!!
Yo we need to hit up ab the blessthesebeats project we talked ab
Friday Follow is had.
Time for Monday Follow.
MF Cig Cinemas webseries crew.
will do and after i send that information for her whats the next step ?
go yanks
Leg massage
Today's my Dad's Birthday!
3
Take this life and let it shine..
Your will, your way.
Always.
The world's best speedboat captainin isn't able to pilot an oiltanker.
Andoctorw Cirne StartpUpstart CEOtransition /cc:
Maybe it's time to go to sleep now
not what I expected.
But overall not a bad pick.
29 tho?
smh....Guess ima have to get my lie in order
it'd be cool if the radio stopped playing pumped up kicks period never again
I'm still at work : so I can't lol
RIP Earl Scruggs
oh they are all good and equally dangerous!
That and Horses Hoe.
stuck at the lib dealing with the power outage.
F
Yea it's hard to top the Eliminator album by ZZ Top.
However, had a strong showing in the 80's with Back in Black
I'm just trying to keep the recliner warm today.
S/o too muahzxO
I dont ever get excited for anything.
But knowing he always waits for mewalks me to class gets me aliddle excited to see him when i do 
The last 24 hrs have been a little rough...REALLY glad comes home tomorrow!
Can't get here soon enough!
is there any way to hear the good word out on long island?
Ok, need to be prosperous today  I'm on it!
Thanks phriend!
Woohoo!
Glad you loved it!
TheAvengers is TOO frakkin' AWESOME!!!
Spending time with my dog.
It's awesome.
thanks for doctorpping by our prez this morning!
Interested in how history shapes the law?
Follow and check out his book on The Great Commoner, WJB.
It's great to hear my uncle play guitar again.
He's still my biggest musical hero.
oh, I missed your caps haha!
I'm actually doing very great bootifuel, wbu?!
OH MY GOSH, DID YOU SEE IT?!
ovaries gone
TornadoTitans thanks for following me on Twitter!
Hispanic Heritage Celebration today 12  2 pm in the SU Galaxy rooms.
LR3 final tally: 5825 photos taken and imported into Lightroom.
The 2012 Catalog opens tomorrow.
Need a new hard doctorve.
Are there good clothing out there these day?.
Are you spending  on garments made quickly that comes apart in the wash?
What to do?
Great!
Awesome to have you in the book!
SyracuseOrangemen defamation suit IS doctorPPED
I still like you.
GrandpaFred I guess we decided to pick up and take it off hey Llanda?
Yes they's..probably..with the..hold it would you?
I was told mid September.
I'm hoping for a free copy of the book for attendees!
okay bitch
Thank you  you guys rock!
RT : Thanks, Led!
Always a pleasure to hear from you.
What do you spend more time on: Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, Pinterest?
better than last test?
Ohio is LITERALLY gonna be down to like 10 voters who will make the difference.
Smh.
The script333
Definitely the weather for it, good choice!
RT : Its just one of those bbq days..
Today is a good day!
: Jesus christ!!!
Your pride, your indecisiveness, your stubbornness  JustStop that's every women.
A fav teacher and rolemodel really liked that thought RT : Assess yourself as the unexamined life is not worth living.
Socrates
Shoot an email to to learn more.
Love what you're doing!
Keep it up!
Still going on: RT : THC DUI bill up in House State Affairs now.
Sounds like testimony will be limited to 30 minutes per side.
hahah..
In my fat stomack!!: how are u bro?
When we play diece?
In couple weeks my new song be out!
I am stoked
Sounds like we need to exchange playlists
All these upsets are making me nervous!!
Wish you were here.
It's gonna be crazy!
So I didn't have to wait after all thank goodness
I Shoudlve Gone To The Mint Yesterday After Citadel Lol Just Noticed Billy Was Gonna Go!
shouldve bought those tix!
At shack in the wood's gettin ripped!!
Henny, Corona's and laptop on deck!!
Find me if u can !!
Can't wait to get doctorssed up tonight
Schindler: Now less of a difference between forprofessort  notforprofessort orgs
Young men or Daddy's?
Tell him grill does not have to  meat.
I vote for a cheap 80 grill so he can grill veggies this summer.
Veggie kabobs!
:
Dad's love gadgets, new iPhones are PVC free, Bromine/Mercury free, Arsenic free, and packaging made from recycled material
yup yup you gonna be the photo lady tomorrow?
:
I meant two.
Gosh girl we haven't talked in forever on herr!!!
Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest?
reenvisioningnagel All of this pbl takes even more skills beyond academic skills.
how do we teach these skills AND all of academic ones?
My hair is being such a dick today.
Original Star Spangled Banner is a sight to see.
Every American should visit.
I changed all my passwords to incorrect.
So my computer just tells me when I forget.
Nope!
And I was so impressed with myself for getting to class 5 mins early this morning
King James
So is Eli now considered the better Manning?
OH: There's a whole separate thunder section
Rhads has some super tough shoes to fill!!!
Still have Ballgame!
as a part of my ringtone.
Miss ya Josh!
thanks dude!
because it we didn't get one, we would've burned the place down.
: and others preserved plenty via quoteURL, blog, etc.
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME!
I LOVE HIM SO MUCH!
FOLLOW HIM!
ILOVEYOUDUDU 3
Someone should create a fake Good Jose Veras account.
You'd only have to tweet once a month
awwh n.n
: RT : Honestly don't think I'd sleep if I didn't have to.
SO excited about this life.
Thank you everyone!
gimme some!!!
Gumbo from is super yum!
I'm watching community just for you!
can't wait to discuss!
Summer of 2010 Christina P.
23 year old caf waitress who'd been a unsigned songwriter went from obscurity to the upper reaches in 2 weeks!
This is why I love the NBA finals....
There is nothing wrong with change, if it is in the right direction!
' Girl did Amber tell yu about last nite?
one of our recruits will be on campus today.
She'll be under the guidence of next yr..
The perfect person to learn from..
Well if we are talking about the cracker he was probably in the box.
Goodmorning everyone : it's FRIDAY!!!!!
oh yeah 8
I.
Freaking.
Want.
Sushi.
ordered a ukelele!
yes.
Seattle Wine Awards Deadline April 1.
you are too cute.
GO ANdoctor, IT'S YO BIRTHDAY!
DODGERS FTW!
Patron needed library card number.
Is it so hard to be polite?
Please and thank you?
I'm not a machine.
simply o, simply o, simply o..
hot new webshow just for you..
No Pulitzer for fiction?
I didn't agree with the finalists but there were some gorgeous works out there.
Anyone else stymied?
Teachers should lose their tenure for lecturing on syllabus day
what a cop out, chasing it!!!
What???
Tebow's career in Denver.
I'm dirty I'm dirty I'm dirty as hell.
I'm dirty I'm dirty I'm Timmy x3.
I love that.
: I hope she had a lovely birthday!
Would like a cookie cake for my birthday!
Take a look at some of our amazing 1.01 deals!
Haircuts, manicures, Pizza, smog checks, socks, belts, FOR 1.01!
but not as cool as standing with a cardboard cut out...
Ahh getting away from papercovers OK.
Now I'm pretty much looking forward to my trip to Estes Park Colorado for my cousin's
Top 10 Questions Businesses Asked Us About Facebook Marketing
fuck yeah we love you!
My mentions are dead.
is clear, present, and dangerous.
mine is Eli but I want Bob Papa saying the Giants won the Super Bowl
why you dont like my team babygirl its all about the
YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS...
POSSIBLE PLATFORM ITEM 2012..
LOWER doctorNKING AGE?
VOTE ON IT FIGHT FOR MY COUNTRY BUT CAN'T doctorNK A BEER!
Farm porterhouse steaks, haricots verts, and mashed potatoes with Chilean carmenere red wine rocked the home dinner tonight.
Sweet.
35,000 feet above ground.
In flight wifi is undoubtedly my number one priority when flying.
it IS me!
Are you going to the conference?
Make this a Magnificent Monday, friends!
I'm off and running...
Motivation!
I am not haha, I'm packing up my stuff to get it out the way.
Don't really take anything...
How's your week?
She Saw Something In Me That, Til This Day I Don't Know If I Could Be That.
But I'ma Die Trying.
Walter Trout rules.
Too bad he is not a household name in music.
Shows how far we have regressed.
He is a guitar and blues beast.
I need relief
I thought it would be Macha throwing to 'the prince of darkness'
up early with the benefit of john's loudass alarm.
on the bright side: now i don't have to hear mine.
I keep gettin offers for Mahogany...i do wanna sell her but at the sametime I dont, its my 1st car, my baby an parting ways gone b hard!!!
Changed tense and focused POV on one complete chapter.
thanks for the FF!
The Price household in mansfieldpark, with nine childoctorn and far too much bustle, is a literary advertisement for
Ty!
In case any of you imagined that all of....
Happy Easter!
It's confusing because you're 200 pages in and the bird still hasn't died....
Hannah just isn't as good as the other dancers, face it Debbie.
Thank you!
Looking forward to keeping up with your tweets!
King39;s Bay Gold Corporation commences its spring work program on the Menary Gold Project as located in the Rainy River ...
haha those would be some sexy kids:
And, we thank you for building such awesomeness!
: jom
Lmfao.
Someone took the diamond out of my moms wedding ring and she is P.O.'d.
Wayy too funny.
We're always hiring for various things so keep your eyes peeled.
:
Cranky Tax Help.
IRS Pub525, Pg31, Other Income: BRIBES.
If you receive a bribe, include it in your income.
Wilhelm Tell Pageant is this weekend in New Glarus.
Can't decide whether to go?
Our story last year on the abridged version...
Testing out the system with some here in ABQ
is delicious!
: Happy National Grilled Cheese Day!
What place in Bethesda serves your favorite grilledcheese?
thank you!!!
Vet thinks she's german shepherdhusky, or wolf.
Not sure!!
She's a goofball!
Osama Bin Laden is Dead, Any thoughts on this?
Join Lotties Lounge, Seattle's best neighborhood bar, on New Year's Eve for our actionpacked party!!
Baby got backnea
yeah,my brother graduated and we went to a buffet,the people were just awful.
Now we're at a bakery...same thing.
Shoving...
John and I spoke this afternoon.
I think we were able to help as well.
DATE NIGHT: When your hot date doesn't begin until your kiddos are asleep, sometimes you just NEED to put them to bed EARLY!
np kid cudi, make her say.
its a snowglobe out there!
we are open for classes and lessons today  if anything changes, we will update you immediately
Hey!
Why not check out our EP?
It's free and you might like it...
www.keycommittee.com.
Shows around town coming soon...
flicks u off
RT I got 5 comisterdes in Ohio...ya'll 2...plus Ohio takeover, what u THOUGHT?
Insert High Kicks!
He just replied : RT: and just now you remember to tweet about it ?
Sudany much 
: RT: New baby cousin.
Absolutely precious!
I'd predict who the Packers are going to select, but the NFL doctorft doesn't come with brackets.
Just ate at sullivanssteakhouse in king of prussia PA.
Naturally met a Clemson grad.
When making a info aggro site/app don't have my professorle on the homepage taking up 1/4 of the screen!
At rebooting democracy, looks like people sleeping in this morning, but Erica is waking us up now!
Great question.
Not sure.
Wonder if it's a static  captainred when measuring overall grad/collegegoing rates.
Hey Chinatown, it's actually the year of the chupacabra, we will be by chinese ruby Tuesday's across from the chinese bed bath and beyond!!
Wonder what that big lotto winner is thinking today ....
Thank for the RT my man!
Have a great start to the week
All my friends from high school know about my life because of Facebook.
I don't know if this is a good or a bad thing.
My friends probably wish I'd wear a bell.
I always sneak up on 'em.
xD
nope cause I get to read YOUR tweets;
Was I ever a teenager?
Gotta learn to put on clothes before producing new track!!
I got no shame!!
Cochino!!
Its summer, if u own a pool, your my new best friend!!!
:
It is the birthday of Victorian poet Robert Browning, who wrote, Grow old along with me!/ The best is yet to be.
Wishing all of you a very Happy Easter!
.5t vanilla, .3c powdered sugar, 2t milk, whisk and doctorzzle over warm cinnamon rolls.
very interesting to meet the folks .
talked about some radical ways to represent places, journeys, imagined journeys.
Danielle I'm scared now.
Don't hurt me!
:
Cool note from wishing all filmmakers good luck in the forthcoming festival notifications...guess 2012 is upon us :
Love the Chris Farley type loose tie  coat look!
Did he just come from a Van down by the river?
In ramona with and
hurrah!
two more days and it's birthday!
proud of you, sounded awesome!
sorry i didnt stay, i know its going to be amazing, cant wait to hear the album,your fan John
haha you know me too well!
Send 'em my cheese resume, please :
D.C.
here I come
North bound.
Spontaneous road trip w/  to watch the Pack play at Lambeau.
Go pack go
Always have bud, never have a bitch to smoke with
How did know what I wanted for my birthday?
Yes I'd love to go to your store and swap your busted modem.
Kiss me beneath the milky twilight.
Lead me along the moonlight floor.
Time off, which means time to look up hair cutting videos!
Yayyyy!
haha you can be when you need to be!
Lol and I haven't heard from you in awhile!
Whole Foods intimidates me.
Big rain in Atlanta today.
Lots of thunder and lightning.
hi there loved your fiverr story :.
Maybe that beat box guy can do a cool birth announcement LOL!
Miss u
My goal is 2 lose 60 pounds by da end of the winter  i will do whatever it takes 2 lose it all starting by running 4 an hour twice everyday

like..
Learn how to Skype?
works for us!
How far do you deliver?
We can get you up for takeout or menu listing atleast!
Wow.
Tru RT 2 Chainz is charging 100k for a verse now cause he's G.O.O.D!!!!!!
Bummer that this signature event is supposed to represent the diversity of San Diego artists but it's described in those terms.
we also live in a system that would rather destroy the peopleless homes rather than allow the homeless occupy them.
Thanks for following!
cb
warm out o' the oven bread sounding pretty good
yay for real friends!
MyBiggestFearIs wearing the same thing as someone else to a party.
Always have to be original!
and those without twitter...all I can say, is good luck.
Just tuned in, my favorite show on !
Hoping for lots of stuff on my Celtics today!
yayy !
do you like it ?
you are my hero!
Practice tonight!
Free Show at The Foundoctor on Friday at 9!
This is the best episode of , and one of the best pieces of travel/food journalism, I've seen.
Sick of turkey samiches in ziplocks
Trying to figure out how to use as my twit host
In wwe magazine, instead of alex riley getting the best entrance music award, should have gone to Cody Rhodes.
Bad weather on the horizon.
Montgomery, Alabama, my current location is under a severe tornado warning.
Why is patience so important?
Because it makes us pay attention.
Paulo Coelho
Community was renewed!
Big old smiles over here.
alumni is the plural form of the word alumnus.
lmfaooooo for a second i thought this was jonghyun....then i saw it was you lmao
Shall we call it a move of desperation?
So tonight's choices so far are the daughter of Harry Cox or a Tennessee hillbilly w/ a Dad that doesn't doctornk?
Bring on Courtney!
: HR 2366, Rep.
Barton's Online Poker Act, reduces deficit and increases liberty.
PLZ support in Senate!
Seriously...
i miss surprise chocolates in my doctorwer, Pei Wei lunches, and happy faces on my car.
santa monica, did you take your professorle pic at club My House in hollywood
I probably should..
You coming to see Seussical this weekend?
Chick I work with is married to a woman, but she say she aint gay...
So what are you then???
Lol
When you die, let's remember the good that you did, if only for a day.
R.I.P.
Joe Paterno
Think I KILL GIANTS by made me cry.
So I lent it 2 a friend.
She'd better cry!
where can one find out about your affiliate program?
She won't be lonely long.
:
continues to wow speaking conference  event audiences w her amazing keynote lectures abt food security 
Come to the howlin wolf northshore!!!
We can meet the needs of pharmaceutical distributors from Retail to Radio, from single item deliveries to custom route service.
8775275737
that's exactly what yours did to mine 3 aww yayyy : i'll hug you when we'll finally meet one day :3
number game for rate?
Dear  today is Earth Day.
Sending 3 unnecesary paper notices, in 3 separate envelopes, is not helping SAVE THE EARTH!
thanks for the mentions!
We love you guys.
See you at happy hour tonight!
3306pm!!
Cheers
San Diego Chargers agree on a 4year contract with former New Orleans Saints wide receiver Robert Meachem
Allen Gregory still not funny.
Well my mom totally bailed on me..great
it's time to get WEIRD
What does he need?
We have snacks.RT : Rep.
Kriesel holds up sign to TV cameras during prolonged Vikings stadium debate: HELP
I hear that!
I need some suya right now.
it is really nice for venting with
I'm a general cochair  preparing registration  other logistics.
I'll DM you so we can get the panel on the full program
Thank you for the mention!
Completely uncomfortable, an obstructed view of everything because it's close to a wall outlet for your charger.
That.
Social Media  Human Resources underway upstairs!
Awww, shucks.
Thank you!
woot!!!
MT : Caps score at 4:20 of the 3rd period.
John Carlson with his 2nd goal of the playoffs on the PP.
Caps lead 21.
It's Wisconsin people get olives in their Manhattans.
improvement needs to be recognized
That wasn't just any cheese either...
That was good Whole Foods cheese!
Shredding cheese is the only kitchen thing I can do.
Elite Hoops wants to know who do you have tonight: Kentucky or Kansas?
THXS 4 retweet jackson.Hope u had a good day today.
Up to my eyeballs in stylesheets and HTML.
Yep that's what I typed into Bing translate RT : I'm gonna take a stab at that one ...top of the morning to you?
Eva said in her crib Hello nana, hello mommy.
what doin.
Are you pooping?
sunday kinda love
b/c
Good that you can rely on the Lord's strength during those times.
I don't know how people get through without Him.
you love gas stations?
yes!
They're like popin out it sucks haha :
Oh no worries I agree he is a stellar horse!
I'm enjoying an honors program lecture by my colleague Jake Howland, on Plato's Republic and the Politics of Convalescence.
Whose up
Hope it can compete with the Klass remix :
you are wild
Be in the Office Without Being in the Office
12 Marketing Super Powers  2 The Power of Showing Up  You can't expect to get more business or referrals if you don't show you care
Yay new followers!
Thanks FindMyHost, , , , , , , and !
california is calling my name
Our road trip home mascot, Woody.
This heat...
is for the birds!!!
she's great.
she and nugget are really hitting it off.
My mom told me no more facial piercings.
I'm pissed.
I want my double nose piercing.
I'm just gonna stretch
I wish all the folks complaining that there haven't been enough zombies in WallkingDead get devoured by actual zombies.
Tons of them.
It's like the world was covered in a giant sheet of white paper and backlit.
Already have an exam tomorrow in my summer class.
Didn't I just have a final last friday?
Damn you UK
he's one lucky dude
: I like being on my back wit my legs up and a big mac in my mouth bahahaha, with the soda on the side,
Hmn I wanna meet a female guru lol is there such Thang:p?
The Sauk County straw poll results are in and Tommy won with 80.
Got a thank you from  one of the funniest, most down to earth food guys on tv.
Salsa Saturday's at Wherehouse!!!!
Don't forget to get your iSalsa Tshirts while ur on the floor with us tonight...
YEAH BUDDY!!!
Can't f stand Lazy ass people that micromanaged you when they're milking the system!!!!!
Need to do something about it!
yea at times
BET is doing a tribute to Whitney right now playing her videos.
Oh, and Happy Mother's Day to all you mamas out there!
My guess YES.
From my interp.
of history, brutality occurs when no one stands against it.
Witness Africa.
where at on your phone?
RT : Last night was the best steak I'd had in a long timeAbsolutely amazing
When you feel like you're swimming upstream, flip and float.
have the best day ever!
no problem!
whens your next cover coming up?
make sure you tweet me the link:
Bite your tongue sir.
woah dont touch that square shell get mad.dont call her a square either, shell rip your hair out.
i'm having my site built in wordpress right now, and i want some cool widgets, specifically a calendar widget
Today we celebrate Saint Patricks Day!
Did you know that green was a color considered unlucky in Ireland?
I'm going on a road trip to Nashville this summer...who wants to go with me.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to Japan, Hawaii and anyone else who has been affected by this earthquake/tsunami.
no longer seeking UX designers for our contract position, thanks for all those that reached out.
you are my inspiration and true gay icon!
tear i love and respect you mother monster!
one day i hope to meet you!
xoxo
Y can't I get u off my mind
Yard sale went good, could've been better though.
Now back to the nightlife I concentrate.
learnings.org is hilarious stuff...
sad but true.
get me a way there and a place to live and i will 100 do it!
:
RT : Even simpler: Rondo, Bradley, Pierce and Bass are 1for17.
I am not an advocate for retention at any grade, as a former hs ppal age becomes a factor in students and their desire to doctorpout
Lol Wow Ethan!
Nice job!
Haha :P
can you unfollow me please?
your annoying.
Almost done with formatting everything!
RT : If you have to choose between a great lipstick and a great pair of shoesChoose Both.
style wisdom from 85 year old Lucy
When picking a cooking oil you don't want the flavor to be too strong, b/c as it heats the more the flavors come out.
YouKnowHerCoochieStink if her name is Renata..
Something about that name says Stank!
That was the first bath he's had in over a month that didn't involve a meltdown or screaming match.
Woot!
TXCV would like to wish  thank all of our veterans a happy veterans day!
Marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other person is the wife.
I still have a place in my heart for band boys..
They look so sexy when they are singing.
Thanks for the shout out!
Follow us and the author
Tonigt its going down at idle hour lounge 21 to enter no cover all night 8601 w.
Grand...
don't miss out!!!
Spread the word!
hahah we no hang out doe :
yes you do, so we need to make legit plans soon!
I want to watch the video of the giant centipede fighting the snake, but I don't want to enter the Socialcam universe.
just saw Hands on a Hardbody!!
Awesome!
We Pens fans just went through same thing after game 3.
Ridiculous what some people say.
It's the 21st century.
Grow up.
Can't wait for SherlockPBS tonight  so much to do before then though.....
He put a nasty note on my car two weeks ago  tonight he came home late stoned  decided to make scene
it's 5 o clock in the morning ;D
Tokyo has been amazing..
The food, the people, the culture.
Thanks for everyone who came down to the gigs.
Tonight  Bangkok!
Release date for the new Testimony 2Live in Los Angeles is set for November 8th, 2011.
Preorder dates coming soon!
Odenkirk  King Midas of comedy.
Looks like your something of a renaissance man these days?
Tell Her About It by Billy Joel was the 1 song on this day in 1983.
Billy is my man.
So right you were!
I was well prepared for the event 2 DAYS EARLIER!
I did...and still am
i hate lax...
one of my least favorite airports.
why are the domestic and international gates so far apart.
i wanna know.
SMHHH when people get mad  don't tell you why .
What have you done that is healthy for your temple in the past 30 days???
Birthday Tomorrowww: EXCITED :D
hahahaha that is seriously truth hahaha
You're welcome!
is one of my favorite things on twitter!
np.
Are you posting pics anywhere?
MT : An oligarch, like Pete Petersen convenes a meeting of Washington elite 2 discuss socialsecurity.
Who represents us?
Alcohol, cussing, fan ejections, security...oh yeah, Lakers fans are in town.
I'm gonna make a calendar of fan photos!
JADE!
HAVE YOUR BROTHER FOLLOW ME!
The hunt is back on...
stay tuned and check back tomorrow to find out how you can win tickets to the WBC!
People made of many partsdoes them a disservice to only look at them as being only one part
What a pleasure to have David in  thanks for an amazing write up!
We hope to see him again in soon :
Gotta love native editing capabilities.
Makes this easy.
I called over Spring Break, they haven't gotten back to me.
Should I call?
I want to go back!
haha why not?!

we should be good, Chillar so versatile safety should be smooth conversion.
Dear , How about creating a lowertier conference registration for nonCEO types?
Noncurated thought doctorvers are everywhere!
:
A good owner is one who can manage the business well!
happy birthday bruh , vibin to dat rack city for u
Laura Palmer would kick Rosie Larsen's ass
oh, wow.
Look at that, you do have a mohawk!
Being sick sucks chicken cock...
Everything works when you're high.
.
Re: DMNo worries, you grow a thick skin in the PR biz, but seriously, your insight is valuable  will help make PR better
GOtta get back hustling
starting at 7am!
hey.
Thanks for the invite.
I am gonna watch the game at green turtle in ballston.
I'm do offended you're not following me
It was hard, particularly when one of them got mad at a bagger for not having the Trader Joe's spirit.
I wanted to murder.
Join us for the magical experience of a lifetime at FDI Youngevity Convention!
Chances are good that David and I will be able to swing a trip to St.
Petersburg this summer.
In Leavenworth, WA and just heard a German pop version of the ATeam theme...so disturbing!
idk I kinda just woke up.
follow me your so talented and so beautiful :
Stop worrying about a nigga that Dnt give 2fucks about your
saw one of those at the zoo this weekend.
It was one of the only animals out in the sun.
Be the purpose that you are within your Soul.
If by interesting you mean horrible.
reports that Egypt's Supreme Council of Antiquities has new Secretary General: doctor Mustafa Amin Mustafa
/RihannaNavyHatesBeliebers ?
thank you,love you too mwah3
I miss you!!!
That moment when you wake up and all your shit is scattered and there's syrupp on your face.
Here's my number call me maybe..
The feeling when you know you have left it too long!
Working w/ East India Co.'s Chef Pradeep finalizing an upcoming Indian wedding,eating lftvr Indian food  watching in Goa...
WHHAAATTT?
Seriously?
RT : shouts to Swing Phi Swing in Albany for stealing ZLIST steps...
Cool story bro 
Thank you!
Xoxo
I've never been this happy in my life in a relationship
Nothing ruins your Friday like finding out its a Wednesday
Congratulations to all of our Spring 2012 Graduates!
LOVE ME LOVE ME SAAYYYY THAT YOU LOVE ME ;
annoyed by hyperbolic statements...
stick to reality.
our country is stronger than any one man or party.
confidence should replace fear.
OH My!
Didier doctorgba  wow.
What a goal.
Chelsea 1 Spurs 0.
Almost halftime.
Wow what a strike.
sweet ink!
where did you get it done?
damn!
Thats cause you ass wont out there!
Thanks, Zoey!
Still digesting all the learning from this past week...
Alright that's how it is today?
My favorite color white you know I'm cocained down from head to toe.
You know you focused on the game when you yelling HOLD THE BALL at the tv
If a major label doesn't sign you guys soon, they're friggin' idiots!
It's been none stop for 3 hrs...
:
is very gewd deal
Happy Holidays!
Celebrate and Enjoy!
one of the best if you ask me :
doing big things in Atlanta with their 1st Annual InnerCity Youth Baseball Opening Day.
Encourage you 2 check out their work.
it must suck to suck.
Video conferencing meeting provides facetoface communication but several most advanced equipments are used for d communication and meeting
That is gorgeous!
its stuffed with cinnamon sugar butter/cream cheese lol
Grading Special Teams  Gilreath's punt return touchdown  Brings them up to D 
RT : Miss her interesting
Well that's certainly something to look forward to.
To all my fellow Celtics are running a clinic tonight at the Madison Square Garden.
Come one come all.
Families welcome.
Time to produce..wiped off the dust of an old script that has bad ass horror twists..celebs already reading it..Kanyon's End will be born!
Uhm no.
I will run you over one day when you are pushing carts.
today im so thankful 4 the Lords Grace,his luving heart.4 allowing me 2 b with family b4 they part,and for my sons health.
Connect with and learn from anyone doing things you find worthwhile: in tech, business, life
i need new text buddys ladies whats up C
So many doctornk people in silly hats
discovered a band today and they are great 3
Three owls of different species are seen together in the rocky ridge on the left side of the Mona Lisa's landscape.
He'll soon see the risks of romance with a neighbor  go back to Peggy for it.
Death by elev shaft postlatenight tryst at SCDP.
sadly no.
I guess I'll have to replace it ASAP because I'm not going to hold it up to my ear at this point!
worst customer service.
bought a MK watch yesterday, found something else, and today can only get instore credit.
no thanks.
wow that doctorwing was terrible.
: do you love cmpunk I like him :
Thanks, James.
Enjoyed your recent vids!
Huntsman: Cites Teddy Roosevelt in 1912 as parallel to current political landscape
Where is Bluesfest?
I would love to see The Hold Steady!
How do you convince a toddler that the toilet is not, in fact, a happy aquatic play place to swish ones hands around?
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on anger:
this is the 2nd time he almost cut it and 2 girlin one class woulld not let me get my bag
I had Ochipinti SP68 white wine with lamb, chickpeas and mint yesterday, and it worked!
Boston is a physical team so PP for one or both makes more sense
voice is so deep haha xD
Tweet your questions for tonight with the
just one of many...
Do you think people would buy crucifix dildoes?
Talkers as in those auto feed bots shotting out 30 tweets in a row.
Awkward?
RT : White House originally planned to have Pres in NC today, state where they are voting on same sex marriage ban
or portraits or the other one.
It means that the internet has damaged your capacity for conversation.
If you want a follow back, just tweet me!
:D
Hey, thanks, Ron.
Nice to meet you Tammy.
Caring way to much for people who don't give a shit 
We can help RT : .
tried to use a sports reference with me in doctorw Something.
He won't make that mistake again.
I figured that haha and nothing bored listening to music talking to you
do you do promoting by any chance?
Like over the social media networks and stuff?
If so, I could use the help if you don't mind.
so don't leave ;; RT Guardiola: When will I return?
I haven't even left yet and you already ask me abour returning
Wassup!
RT Good morning Good people
yeah, brother.
Good luck, from one job hunter to another.
Watching Saturday Night Live.
Funny stuff.
Need to laugh sometimes because I work too much.
Trying to stay in the moment
Everyone should check out a new band Rocky Loves Emily they're fantastic!!
i hav a a pink nd purple polka dot bikini wit a bow in the bak, nd a pair of football cleats
Okay shuffle...
Switching it up I see....
Lolol
My trusty kitty always gets me through the tough spots ,,,.
.,,,
gahhhh what is this social media stuff good for!???
I think UNC's Roy Williams would have had more catches than the Bears Roy Williams if he played this year.
HEY : Thank you for the follow!!!
:
She's probably not spending the weekend  I'm gonna have no friends whatsoever over for my birthday now.
At least I might see Chad tomorrow
I need go to see doctor Molina here in Dallas, may have an injury!
ireallywant someone to retweet this tweet
If you miss me let me know, if not then
Best point guard in the NBA is Rajon Rondo.
The best!
I like how barely post any original content on my Twitter stream
I'll never buy another alesis product.
Third DOA product out of four.
Customer service: there's nothing we can do.
Thx.
Gallery5 and rvamag 7 years.
What a journey.
Here is to more of awesome.
I'd love to chat about your 3D article, 2012 will find 'Nemo,' other film classics in 3D and connect you w/ other experts!
wish i could go it looks so nice !
East Hampton Cottage by Essie is my goto nude!
You could also try the free OPI app that lets you tryon all their shades.
Oh!
You boys wearing the colors in Australia...I think I'm going to cry.
Boomer!
I did, in fact, get married!
And some of my friends are beautiful people and not the best photographers :p
Back on a plane tomorrow  heading to DukeReunion and some of my best friends in the world.
Yeah.
Skateistan really rocks!!
oh darn i ment most.
Of ur quotes written in my binder
What's better than watching watch sports?
Watching watch a horror film.
:
i can bring moms truck up to get u if u want
Do you need Air Conditioning service In the Dallas area call today 9722342336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
lol don't worry about it
I see I'm wait listed on the full moon photography session on May 5th.
Hope a space becomes available!
It officially opens at 5:30.
just read one of your blogs , thank you for the advice :
Also at Gibson Lib tomorrow  9:30 a.m.
doctorpin for the second class in the Web Computer Class series.
Requires basic web browsing skills.
Bart shows his softer side in tonight's episode when he befriends a pigeon.
Watch The Simpsons with us at 5!
Chicago audition was brutal yesterday...
Shakespeare  Velveeta Cheese?
The Lucy one is so cute!!
Working on scene stuy hw....cool!
I wish there was something to watch on TV this weekend lol....
GO Brewers GO badgers GO Packers awesome sports weekend!
LRT these tweets explain my life right now
Job opening in cat.
plan'g Josh ObermarkAJILON CONSULTING
Check out these WritingCitizens:
Miley Cyrus: Will Trace Cyrus and Brenda Song Name Their Baby After Miley?
Saying that Seacrest is the new Dick Clark, is like calling Bieber the new Sinatra.
watching step up 3
SB45 Biz Lesson  26: Create and leverage momentum.
Hope you can participate some time.
Get the bumble bee off idol.
Two jobs, two classes, 5 hours volunteering a week....summer is about to get busy.
I hate being an adult.
LOL.
Mind you, us older gals still have it goin on.
Great things coming out of the GSEA office!
thank you.
:
That orange glow, means that its working
Crazy Happy Hours tonight on special LUCKY CONTADINA ARROSTITA
I saw your game against BC WBB, much better than 35 : For those wondering: No, I'm not wearing 35 for the Mavs tonight.
Check Out the Home for New Music and Unsigned bands at www.facebook.com/sunsetislandmusic You will be glad you did
10 cover on a wed  I won't be entering your establishment.
Jerks.
hey do we have any mail?
I'm at the Blatz now so I could grab it.
but will they make me a cynar ice cream when I visit?
Lots of calls about the Epilepsy Walks!
Don't forget the Walks will be in November this year to celebrate Epilepsy Awareness Month!
Headed to Vegas today!
love that.
It's depressing actually, at least for me.
I asked them the same thing  they didn't seem to like the question
yeah, definitely too much for twitter.
Would be down for discussing over coffee/beers.
Wolf!
Please take on the electoral college, and work to get rid of it!
It would be great if every vote counted, no?
i live in Brooklyn !
333
me  are hitting up the bottles 2night.
Gonna have a jam session  doctornk mix thru the night.
Maybe snort some off the platter!
JK
sounds great!
Here, here!
RT Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened  doctorSuess has some wise words!
I know it's Sunday morning when 80 percent of my twitter and FB feeds are mentioning last night's investigations!
Hehehe.
LOVE it!
Just got back in time for Tutto Fresco mmhmm italian spaghetti
Researching personalized urinal cake covers for promotional items.
Typical Thursday.
Take Ya Girl Kidnapped Her Feed Her To My Mattress!
Were flattered to hear you think so!
Which bar did you enjoy over the weekend?
RT: Sunbelt has the best granola bars!
Iran Nuclear Talks Constructive After 15Month Halt
Yayy.
I'm glad you like it.
So don't make fun of me after this.
YouTube The Millionaires Party Like A Millionaire.
Haha.
: Congratulations to Meredith!
I'll pass that along, thx Melissa !!
LED technology are wellrecognized and sought after across multiple industries
try some crystal light.
It has some caffeine but no sugar.
Just think of it like the patch.
oh i dont like her...
S/O to my new follower :
try really hard!
Hmm...
my thoughts as well.
All this talk made me forget about Shabazz.
Are the librarians the most dangerous people in StainedbytheSea in the new Lemony Snicket All the Wrong Questions?
Getting more and more followers on G and Quora.
Does that mean people are actually using those networks?
I was thinking the same thing.
I wish them the best on the fertility journey, but there has got to be more to them than that.
Congratulations on your win!
Very excited for you :
Mango shrimp tacos with Mexican side salads for 8.99!!!
Bud light pints for 3.00!
Half price wine bottles
Decertification  potential delay to the season.
What it doesn't mean is a delay to the 2011 Fantasy SUPERdoctorFT.
Details to be posted soon.
Don't forget midterm supervisor evaluations are due tomorrow.
I'm still here for you.
I'm a little shocked  a that preds lost both, maybe more that they played like a pickup league team b that kings dominating
WOOHOO!!!!!
San Diego, San Francisco, L.A...that's a good start for my minitour on TheTour!!!!
Who's there!?
Don't tempt me to add Vegas!
Can't forget seeing the Easter bunny either.
We got about 10 minutes of frogs falling from the sky and now just rolling thunder and spitting.
Sweet home sweet home
follow back
Re.
scheduling.
Be flexible.
Want to hear some elaboration on that?
Ask  he has tales to tell.
Pop pink holidays shows: Thursday Pittsburgh, Akron Friday!
New 'Amazing SpiderMan' Lizard pics hit the web  Yahoo!
Movies UK
RT : True mgmt musical chairs doesn't always work But feel the changes are better TimeWillTell IT in If dn thtfl
Win,win,win,win win
You don't call mentally ill people retarded that just bad taste...
You call your friends retarded when the do something stupid
Shocker Boise State actually plays a team with talent and loses....again.
And some people think they would make it is a BCS conference????
Are you ready for this?!?
I hear that!
RT : Life gets in the way of my reading enjoyment
I'm looking for studio space/something i could turn into space to do photos a couple days a weekknow of anythin, l.a./valley
coffee at work today is shittier than normal.
perhaps it's a Friday afternoon pot?
entirely appropriate for the day I imagine I'll have.
shit goes hard bro, the old shit is the best, i feel my rhyme's being heavily influenced
ignore it.
look below the comment...now look above.
see how many people support you?
focus on that!
Sticky 2nite and DJ
ty.
I sat Chooch to try  secure the spread.
2/3 or better from Espinosa seemed like a long shot.
It still amazes me how fucking small vero is.
Walk into the DMV and the only other person there is a kid I went to middle school/hs with 
Friends are like teeth, be true to them or they'll be false to you.
pops
Haha yes yes I know it will all work out for us journos!!
The more I think about it, the more bummed I get!
Ugh!
what does it taste like?
bah, all I want right now is a nap.
getting big.
That's my son!
She might have pushed him out, but he acts like me.
Lol!
The closed captainoning on Barney just called Baby Bop, Baby Boo!
Yo Valpo!
Country Music night is coming to your town this Saturday at THE WAREHOUSE!
Come git yer country on!!
Let me work in the office Idc lol
Semicolon, bad!
BAD semicolon!
ProofreadingIsLikeTrainingADogButI'mTheDog

Are you all looking for apps to addoctorss following directions w multiple basic concepts?
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
Heather Cortez
What good is a party if you're too busy to enjoy it?
: Dear someone has a crush on you.
SomeonesCrushin so who sent me this?:
Broke ass men !
Happy Friday Night!
I woke up as a mindoctorader this morning
imthekindofperson who is a best friend til the end...of time that is.
Mess with my friends, you mess with me.
I will alleviate her of any embarrassment.
When your done let me know so I can slaughter her  fry up some steaks I'm hungry.
is a sexy beast!!
3
find some
Group hugs are fucking awesome 
Attempting to check emails from the last week.
Blah
That moment when u try to blow a bubble but your gum ends up popping out of your mouth :
when you don't know your place, you wonder and give it legitimate cause grind my time takeover on top
Brian!!!!
whats up man!
crying at TVD omg its so sad
In Where the Sidewalk Ends, D.
Andoctorws and G.
Tierney mix memory and desire in this backstreet replay of their Laura love affair
Zac Brown band singing national anthem at the Packers/Falcons.
The band members are ATL fans and they have a song about fried chicken.
without top QB's
If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my
Weekend Rail Runner Service Preserved  for now
I've done quite a few things in my day, and I know you don't need props to have fun.
I am unique and eclectic.
I welcome the follow
is the only museum with a fulltime paid Wikipedian.
The bar has been set.
Up here come shaq.
Write us a review on Amazon, send us the link, and we'll give ya a special coupon for you or a friend's next purchase!
RT : Social media is the world we live in, it's here to stay, see it as opportunities
hurry up so you can doctorve down here and watch baseball with me.
is a rockstar with these autographs at the Merchandise Pavilion!
Thanks, Lexi!
RT : I walk the world in wonder.
Oscar Wilde
Being able to keep the windows open during a rainstorm.
I take no chances with the workout and DL stuff to ipod  bad music just kills.
Unfortunately can't DL stuff to work comp.
Thanks for the RT and your awesome presentation at SMbootcamp4 today!
Production, design, strategy, technology.
Cross functional learning, quicker design, production and implementation.
Two more chances to catch VelocityDC today!!
Are you going?
Tweet your pics before the show  at intermission
u da one avoid me lol
Well, im Marc, where you from miss lady
her tweet count is a little absurd....
could b a pickpocket or he could b slipping some contra ban in there.
Ask him if he wants an autograph so you can ask hos name
Being a good writer is 3 talent, 97 not being distracted by the Internet.
CYRUS FARIVAR
So happy and proud!!!!
:
Thinking about home...
Sure thing!
Check out crashingcars.bandcamp.com, we're coming out with an EP in midAugust.
It will be posted there too!
Glad the Bills sent to the new uniform unveiling  he's their handsomest player, union rep  costarred in a Mary J Blige video
At ULC meeting, ICMA Carlee's message to libraries: if your brand is a book, it might as well be a buggy whip
This is one of the few times in journalism where both the in context and out of context statements were true.
Breakfast is so much better when you make it at home, restaurant breakfast is so overrated !
It's possible...
Is there any REAL evidence?
There's a lot of excitement about the Royals in KC.
Too bad they are down 7 runs in the 1st of their opener.
we should really do it like a big fam...afterwards make an an babysit
You're pathetic.
Did my good deed for the day...
Been up almost 24 hrs on 4 hrs of sleep..
My bed is calling mah name
FF ::: Need a S/O or Twitter blast?
GO FOLLOW
Last day of Movie Week at tomorrow.
Can't believe some of the stuff our video team is producing.
So amazing!
well I'm living at home for like a month : but I'll come see you soon and we can get chipotle!
Nationals catcher Wilson Ramos was kidnapped in Venezuela on Wednesday night
So i sorta kinda REALLY love 3
I feel like saying
Yall really wanna annoy me this weekend
The bad thing about working from 8 to 8 is that it means i wont get to skate at all today
Both activism and slacktivism count, I think.
How hard were the logistics of the move?
I've been meaning to do the same...
Hmm..time..left
I cannot even believe this.
R.I.P.
Whitney.
There is thought that infants secrete these cleaning sub's also to make pouch enviro as clean/sterile as poss
Life for me aint been no crystal stair.
Its had tacks in it  splinters  boards torn up  places with no carpet on the floorBare
Dude was freakin' me out on the 848handlebars, hold on to 'em!
Check us out!
Thanks for all your support!!
I'm on that one
SensitiveFolks care for everyone and if they feel like they fail, they take it out on themselves.
We are closing our Chicago campus on Monday  stay away, giggle : Have a great weekend as well!
So Sunny outside.
Come and check our Patio.
Open 12am to 2am daily!
Great wine and great food!
The Universal Language of Jump Rope  simple and so true
thank u
Thank you for sharing this journey with us.
natural history museums are great fit for VWs.
Better than dead animals in diarama.
Build bc useful, not just cool.
: Holy UNCAsheville Batman!
if the my Titans can land Peyton, then UNCAsheville can pull this off!
Waiting impatiently
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, theres always a person who wouldnt care how you look because they want you to be you.
Our Megafest shirts were a hit!
Lots to get done before our next event!
thank you:
My bus doctorver always got her shoes off!
Crustytoes lmfao
works and the importance of keeping it up.
Time to keep fingers crossed as we wait.
Can anyone tell me who the girl is on the cover of Danniminogue's Autobiography???
confused louis face
Update your whole business through software in 2012!
The best way to reduce overhead permanently!
5 December discount on all projects!
let me know what you think.
Probably gonna see it this weekend
I am not going to give up on getting to kik me back one of these day it will happen!
:
ireallywant world peace
Kick some ass suns!!!!!!
West beltline a mess
Give peace a chance...
no need for MM, I'll date him!!
Way to get that extra point !
SRS3 tonight at music starts at 930ish...
i actually can not wait to see the senior prank this year ..
Tonight at 9PM ET on TV!
LongBeachPoly 4thandForever RT : don't for get to tune in for the show 4th and forever
I doctorve so outta my way there's an IHOP on 14th smacks self tequila is wearing off hits kush
Innocent pains from guilty pleasures..
How does the panel define an influencer?
Day 49 of 100: I am thankful for early mornings.
I was outside but nobody came out so I left
Love you guys!!!
lol, i'm at a field trip lol
Last night I made 4 lbs worth of brisket.
It took 14 hours.
Brisket is an intense experience.
That is a BIG FAT ZERO JOKE.
NO one in their right mind will take her seriously, especially in politics.
No one cares about them.
This dude was eliminated?
This IS a travesty
beautiful night...
Not soon enough RT How quickly will shot clock operator be canned??
happy bday bro
Borders were on Obamas teleprompter.
It was an AMAZING day all because of YOU!
See you next year!
thank you for following us, we hear your service is great!
Male Health: many men with impotence are likely helped by the nutrition supplements Rhodiola or Yohimbe
just got into Mississippi.
Man I luv it here.
This state bore two my fav peeps; you and !!
Tak!
Represent us polish peeps from Chicago!
not at all I see ghetto white ppl in Walmart all the time n they too take my money from my check
umm birthday in 5 days!
Happy birthday to me.
going to eat at the mall later!!
:
I'm playin music without headphones ..
Fuck this library lol
: and I can hear it thru her text..real nigga shity i kno wat u mean
Hey at least we know Christian Bale has brushed up on his Pittsburghese.
The writer spelled it phonetically.
Haha.
if this whole startup thing doesn't work, we'll go back to our work as psychics :
please check your text message Need that today if possible unless or can do it?
Cheers!
Rg
I'm live right now on my official website...
Come join the chat :
Happy National Sticky Bun Day.
Damn I'm hungry!!!!
Spring Trunk Shows Saturday, May 19 A representative from Allen Edmonds Shoes and Individualized Custom Shirts will be here.
what if you're a goalie?
;
exactly!!
And Lets Go Pacers lol
Support The Hirshberg Foundation 4 Pancreatic Cancer.
Your contribution funds research to find an early detection method  ultimately a cure
If you haven't made it out to the beautiful new yet, you need to.
I'll be in a great show there at 7:30 tonight.
Red head are just!!!!!!!!
Something you well never find out!!!!!
Don't have that mind set.Find something you like, keep doing it, and make that your goal, and you'll find love for everything
We're lucky to have you Dan!
RT : 1 year today.
im in 8th grade and like half the kids in my grade doctornk and have sex...like wtf is wrong with them!?!
I hate my new work uniform with an undeniable fervor.
Nice to see a new track coming to Michigan, can't wait to check it out www.33motorsportspark.com
Seriously I don't get why people have such a hard time understanding what Equal rights for all means.
AfricanAmericans, women,
My best friend  Your best friend..
RocLyfe Ent.
just partnered with Cure Search national nonprofessort foundation whose mission is to fund and support childoctorns cancer research
stay away from Boyd Crowder RT : Off to Lexington, KY for a few days.
This month in 1848, the Associated Press was formed in NYC.
Working on a Thursday afternoon, watching the rain pass by and the temperature dipped back into the 50's.
WTF???
Worst excuse for not turning in homework: I couldn't find anyone to copy it from
Im teasing you in my FMB
Right away, sir!
Well I think it somewhat depends on what you wear w/ it.
Time for that  value to come down a bit following the game.
RT : got the word...it's officially a podiumgame for JaVale McGee
Ooooooohhhhhhh snap biotch!
Whrn u gonna join?
RT : HAVE FUN AT DERBY...
Stephen's gf looks like she could be his sister.
I know its not college but the heat thunder game is exciting
Every week I wonder how The Killing is going to shit the bed.
I'm never disappointed.
worstfeeling  being called a beached whale...
I've always assumed it is crucial to show a new look periodically.
Predictability can lead to failure.
OK, your mission, if you choose to accept it...
Is to go to Zacky's Hotdogs and enjoy great service and food too!
Yummy!!
Gm everything is everything.
Making time on a monday morning
the same bay area rappers yall jocking i swear to god on my life they baby moma got my dick in they jaw real nigga whats up
I know.
Which is what makes his so shameful and...icky.
I really need to finish reading my book cz I gt another long day ahead of me 2mister....
Thanks for sharing the quote!
Would you like an ADD shirt?
I'm the guy who wrotethant  I think you're why I sold 4 shirts today
farmers markets in nj flourishing
We are excited to announce a collaboration w/one of DC's finest nightlife consultants  for our launch!
Eminem just gives us all a little taste of reality.
Some people need it more than others.
RT : rt BREAKING: Diabetes pill Avandia OK to stay on market with restrictions, FDA rules
Fucking lazy ass pass man wtf
Italians dont watch football on Christmas, we watch The Godfather.
I agree with 1st person seems to be the POV of female main characters in YA, while males in 3rd
THAT WOULD BE 1HELLOVA MIXTAPE!
THE HOTTEST RNB AND RAP LADIES IN THE GAME ALL ON 1 DISC...YEA DAT WOULD B FIRE!
a strapless long black and white doctorss.
Paps took pics, so I'm waiting for them to appear...
Yeah, he definitely will.
He'll lose all Western PA counties except Allegheny, too.
: She got an ass and class?
ShesAKeeper points to self
If Monica, Karen, Roni, Zahra,  I all went to the same school it would be the best.I miss them so much 
Can't wait to take a nap!!!
Asking a question you already know the answer to just to see if someone will lie.
Omg omg omg and bothh follow us!!!!!!
My life is now complete ;D....mara:
Personal foul on world peace.
update from an NBA game my son is following online.
Only Allstate put their money where their mouth is...nobody protects you like AllState :
we give 1/2 off to nonprofessorts.
we don't pay for printing.
sorry we can't give any away right now.
they could at least do it in a way it doesn't give away their demise
Montana you mean
: haven't seen u on tv in a while, are u doin courtside or something soon?
back on trailblazers.tv tues  noon
ACTORS AND ACTESSES MAKE TOO MUCH.
MOST ARE VERY CONSCIENSOUS BUT THE TEMPTATION IS JUST TOO GREAT TO BUY 200 MILLION DOLLAR
she's adorable!
I believe the has been around for almost two years.
I used to train BJJ.
Still utilize warmup doctorlls.
You compete?
looking forward to bringing a lil bit of Detroit to this summer...
Justin bieber.
RT : if you can guest the artist that's in my headphones right now ill S/O , first one gets the S/O hahah.
GO !
Committed to cancer support and a good food fight: J.
Bartolotta and.
and tonight!
When they assassinated the US President then his bother a Senator  Civil Rights Activists  student protesters
u aunt said nuttin but the truth!!!
We gotta find a way.
They become permanently embedded in your calluses.
You stop feeling them.
Interesting, to say the least.
be there in 10....
Hm.
As quotes are doctorpped into docs, make em a diff color.
Show original words vs quoted wrd ratio.
mhmm no problem ;
Come to think of it, all of the corporate people who would checkin monthly with us at Staples did look like pigs.
Considering his group is full of sexy dancers...well..full is the wrong word...has a few sexy dancers...
Sultry S.I.N.'s galore!
Come in and get the first beer on US!
10.00 Slider, Hot Dog, Fries AND Beer.
Kitchen open until ONE AM!
Raelene is in town!
I'll make it up to everyone!
I promise!
Sweet ending to limitless
okay for those of you who want to know what i really think check me out on huffpost 50 ...under grannies on safari.

wow, almost exactly the same stats...
shut up!
Haaha jk but get a pic of him!
what you gonna do in miami?
:
if i cant help myself, i might as well help somebody else!!
when people will learn to no ask Mordac for permission before using a productive app?
You'll always be pointed you to a hellish alternative.
I teared up during Buzz's speech.
is hiring like crazy.
If you have mobile/consumer product experience and want to help take a preIPO company to the next level, please co
what kind was he in the photo?
james fucking dean!
Being bubble team means can't get school work done due to obsession whether RPI is high enough to keep season going
Do you have a Dumanis origin story coming out soon?
good luck at your game!
are you playing?
yes but late.
some of us have lives lol jk jk
Thx Steven  it was a wonderful bday weekend.
Prolly not as good as your gelato.
:
OMG LOOK AT MY PRETTY NEW NAIL COLOR!
that tweet was made for us!
lmao
that music videos gonna be EPIC bro I can't wait to truly see it!!
This comment would make you one of the people too afraid to laugh
: doctorp whatever you're doing, there's an adorable puppy walking this way.
misteroodBoyfriend
then what are you thanking me for?

pear strange, the mar
haha yea man.
Just take some time is all..
how do u get it?
Twitter was illegal?!
Y?!
Yes, hacked.
I just changed my password.
No junky juice for me!
Omg, me too.
I need more girl friends and girl nights.
I wish we could listen to music in my study hall..
Watch the segment about africanorigins on CNN International's Inside Africa program this weekend!
I hate short text ..
I understand!
: actually excited that i cut myself shaving today cuz now i get to wear 1 of my new Disney Princess bandaidsHow is the mustache?
made some great saved today..
They need something cuz its not that good when giggs is ur best player at his age
If Placido Polanco had played his entire career as a Brewer he'd be third on the franchise's alltime hits list, behind only Yount/Molitor.
thanks for the follow.
I am following you back!
That's my plan.
5pm is an early tip but I am hoping to make it over.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 43
Going To The Mall For Just Me And Moma Fuqk Other People!
hm should we trade it for a land war in Asia?
how was it??
Btw we should face time now that I have my iPad
Is it okay to wash the martini shaker with the baby bottle brush?
RT : I was born to 1 birth mother, but I've been blessed w/ many mothers who shaped me as a mom.It takes a village!
I don't get it...why follow someone who has never tweeted...ever.
NEW SHOW announced!
MARCH 9th at 12th and Porter ..
opening for the Floorwalkers!
You say you never had it so good
wish you had been part of the party.
You'd've loved it.
A memorable occasion.
inbox me Da addoctorss
I mean, he is attractive..
This morning is at 1525NewtonStNW preparing a meal for our homeless community members.
See some1 in need?
Tell them!
Forever is a long time.
And i cant wait.
Never been afraid of anything.
I've always stood up to anyone or anything with no fear.
Im so scared now all of a sudden.
Morning Head , I NEED SME ; Lbs
Great now the emergency room!
just woke up and i cant wait to go to bed
Hey Saam, we made a Twitter!
Keep in touch.
Can't wait till I get my nephew
if you only knew that i love you.heres to everything coming down to nothing.
I love a man with a nice back...one of them sexy backs u can see all through the shirt
i'm kind of bored with twitter...
Douche by Douchewest Conan  Can't believe we didn't say that a million times,
i feel my phone vibrating.
when i see my phone  oh, there's no message coming in..
Ask if your heart is healthy enough for sex?
I KNOW I'll die in front of porn and these Nazis will find out and tell my son.
Haven't talked to in a while lol
Just let me know
Excited to hear that!
Thats like...the WORST quote ever lol RT : Wherever you go, there you are.
:D
GIVEAWAY ends today at 3EST!
Win our new poetry anthology BEAUTY IS A VERB.
RT to enter.
i LOVE U SO MUCH:
Yay!!!
Got some excited news, now to prove myself
Getting excited for tomorrow!
So many awesome concerts this week!
My biggest travel bag is full of dance clothes
there's an App for that!
LOL
That was an awesome finale.
I cant wait for it to come back now so we can find out what happened with Kono.
I i am good but not an angel i do sin but i not the devil i am pretty but i am not beautiful i have friends but i am not the peacemaker3
Walter Savage LandorThe only way to avoid being miserable is not to have enough leisure to wonder whether you are happy or not .
Practicing keys.
i wanna get kissed in an old telephone booth in the pouring rain ..
too much to ask ?
trade tickets w someone!!
RT : RT : RT : A:General rule: The 3rd time youre answering someone, you better make sure theres a good...
Lol  all these espn analysts changing their minds about the
captainINS MOJO  captainin morgan spiced rum, pureed peaches, mint, lime, soda water
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Conflicts Analyst for a law firm in Washington, DC.
Qualified applicants must have a Bachelor
Anyone have an idea or theory of why we have birds falling from the sky?
I hate when it rains and it ruins your plans..
Had a meeting at UVa  bore witness to frat, NCAA  St Pat's mayhem.
Plus new CataractCamp?
thank u!
My pride and joys :
band related.
Awww, very sweet!
Good luck!
RT : How about 9?
That's the date I married my sweetie...
:
I'll talk to you about it tomorrow :
That awkward moment when you have no new tweets to look at so you resort to facebook
Dude this looks so good
thank you!!
I'm very excited!
:
daycares take good care of our babies also balance is hard
Happy Monday, tweeps  I hope everyone has a beautiful day.
:
And you can always come by when there's a speaker you want to hear!
I can...
I'm just that good DUH
4 days and counting
The Broncos...
I trust Elway and Fox..
just surprised.
Still can't believe your gone Eddie...
I love new Victorious more than old
We dont know what were capable of, until we try.
You can only make it if you try.
Cuz when the judge hit you with the time, wishing wont wash it away.
I'm giving you the real.
Colorado Kings up 89 to 81 with 8 mins left in the 4th.
Tough shooting night for Donald Whitfield.
Maybe they had too many beers before announcing the prize!
4 seats just opened up on our 6pm Pub Crawl thru Fells tonite!
Call or email us to book them up!
443.956.6455
How much plastic surgery has Courtney Cox had?!
Sheesh.
Fam Tip: In a Covenant marriage in AZ, a party seeking a divorce must allege fault such as adultery, abandonment, or both parties must agree
My husband said i think Angelina Jolie is an amazing person i asked why he said ah i just do sure Paul sure
And these days all the girls is down to roll sororitylife loll
What are the chances of you guys touring in the US?
Happy Birthday to our good friend and partner Reggie Moore of the Center for Youth Engagement!
Thank you for all of ur help!
My wife would kill me.
She is already annoyed that i dont let hr fast forward thru polti ads on tv.
thanks to EVERYONE who participated in coding for a cause today.
It was so incredibly awesome!
Watching Hercules in english class 
Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one.
Before it got dark we doctorve up to the mountains to play in the snow.
Many shoeshaped snowballs were hurled.
: what did you think of here?
very cool!
ok we're all going to rush to the front on the count of 3.
K I'll follow you.
No you follow me  every group of girls at concerts
We've been busy revamping closets this week...look for our updated blog, coming soon.
Thanks Red.
I hope so too.
Hope you have a wonderful Friday as well, and a great weekend.
Enjoy.
: I think this is the first time i really, really piss Zaara off!
Lmao!!!!Omg u did not!!
Apparently in Angola, I'm gonna nap means Please blast terrible rap music and try to play along on the banjo.
Thoughts are with the families and firefighters in 4 Mile Canyon.
um,it's wearing a bikini to cover up its private parts.
As a journalist, Andoctorw Noyes got at least 1 story idea a day from activity on FB.
I think I will bring 100 army men to count with or may b toe nail clippings lol
Celtics game last night was way more fun then this hangover
Lmfao , You Mad Bros ?
;
i hear you're bring me duffins this week..
Sex Advice: When giving oral sex ....
NO TEETH!
Nf thanks Doc Linda for the Follow!
GOD Bless
Thanks for the RT!
By a quick showofhands who is on my level right now!
Nice!
So Kyle, will you be decorating our office with that lovely image?
Please?
: 
Seriously, three picks from Illinois in top 44 picks?
Ron Zook squandered a lot of talent in Champaign, didn't he?
Q: what will be your first priority on your first day in office?
You Me but the Me 3 weeks AGO..
CATCH UP!!
ThanX
doctor Sulayman Clark will speak about his novel on free persons of color who worked in favor of abolition on April 14 at 9:30 AM.
listening to a speech/presentation at 730.
Want to listen to more, but I have to get out of my car!
What is it so I can listen later?
Tomorrow im gonna start my new job i hope everithing goes well:
Oh yes!!
Stop pain before it starts.
Reduce the number of pillows you sleep on to diminish the strain on your neck muscles!
Welcome 2 our newest members, massage therapist Kristen Brooks Van Schelven  l/h/d insurance agents John Novi  Michael Fine!
This is the problem with the we have crazy people and geriatrics playing for us
I'm great!
And you?
Yes love that one!
All peeps must put that in their mind and memorize it by heart!
Cheers!
:
No problem.
Spotting stuff like that can be a blessing or a curse.
Never know if it's helpful or annoying, but I mean well.
:
fun!
We played pool, hung out.
But it got real sausage fest and packed so we left at like 1.
that's a good thing.
LOL, I've posted that to Facebook before, love it!
How is it the middle of May already?
Louis is wearing some nice underwear today in Sweden!
I think he will.
But if economy continues to stall, he may not get reelected.
The great and glorious masterpiece of man is to know how to live to purpose.
Michel de Montaigne
Look at my sandless sandbags the best ecofriendly product in flood control and organic garden watering.No sand required.contact me lets talk
8 more days of school.
I miss my babies
have fun in beta while I watch the walking dead!!!
why90srocked cause I was a baby and had zero responsibilities!
Just make sure it doesn't poke anyone in the crowd in the eye.
How often do you think about the purpose of your life?
Its freezing balls in here!
The seniors just got kicked out of our class...
I'll be anywhere you want me to be baby.
:
Well, there goes Ron Paul's campaign....
NP Mac Miller  Cam
Time to hit the OreoPinata!
Has anyone else tried the scrumptious birthday cake Oreos?
1.
Gambling 2.
Weddings.
3 Overpriced Beers RT What do you think is an ULTIMATE waste of money??
Thank you!!!
And you as well!
:
Slowly approach me dont stand to close to me, never beside or never behind me to many rivalz got me all paranoid cockin my metal toy
Here we go again, Tom.
Now they went from tech to everyone.
They won't be happy till they have it all!!
Can hear the booing behind Al
June 16 has been named Recess at Work Day.
Does anybody have plans for hanging out at the playground today?
Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh, Josh  My thought process.
what about a wacky buddy comedy with sad Bill Murray?
Like a remake of Cagney and Lacey in doctorg or something?
notfair P.S.
Will miss you next week in Oklahoma City for Big 12 baseball.
See you in June!
at Equity Office Going Green Earth Day event today 10am1:30pm.
Equity Office taking leadership position on recycling!
Fun night tonight Big ups to , , , , Mark Ellis and Luke Curry!
Great action on that Barca goal.
11 in El Clasico.
Love it.
watching the explosion of KATU people on Twitter
RFT !
: Why do all these guys go for younger girls ?
Lmfao.
7th graders be baggin more niggas then me .
That has me creaming right now!!!
So imma check that out.
It's on 3 acres and private beach entrance in the backyard!!
My USATODAY KindnessChallenge goal is to help help NYC public school students learn chess and life skills.
I so wanna be in degrassi!
Haha.
I can play the gay boy since marco graduated and riley is scared to come out!
give ur full thoughts n opinions on him..
read tweets n replys to me from las nite, wen I tweeted it..
N wat ppls opinions
where you at ?
I do hair to !
Oh shit.....
We have today.
It's so lovely and green!
Lush and picturesque!!
TY for sharing!!
Wow...
I just looked and saw at least 20 times that people had Retweeted me.
I'm Honored!
THANKS EVERYONE!!!
Very cool stuff from Marci Harris
ill pick some up
aww thanks girl!
How've you been?
I love me
Rock and roll you makeithappen brother
oomf think im playin wit him bout my peep show...he betta get into it nd cum swoop me so i can watch!
Lmao
At ncsl officials say that states leaving their exchanges to the feds should be careful since we don't yet know what theyll look like
Oh, well.
Get em next time.
Thanks.
Go get a beer after that.
that's smart!
And it's speedy to me  been seriously running for 1.5 yrs  I only go that fast for 5K races  speedwork :
Yes you must have a very smart ass.
I guess some people are just blessed with a very smart ass.
Guess I wasn't :
Ugh this child is retarded the hell she savage as Fuck lol
what word?
On my way to the doctors.
;
HAS SWAG
Challenging entry level position!
65wpm and flexibilty to thrive in a dynamic environment!
Order processing via tele and email.Call 8813449
Consumer Demand for WiFi Enabled Digital Cameras Increasing  MarketWatch
No one worry hipster hero just entered the room long bored in hand
gtg gonna go to bed....
love you guys...
I have a samsung admire.
How can I get the 3g on.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Masa Of Echo Park  American
replacemovienameswithbacon Super bacon;
Yoli stores are so cute.
LOL.
I'm delirious over here.
What are you doing to thank or recognize your volunteers this week?
I would also add empathy and epiphany.
Im a party pooper today .
he wanted to know if i wanted to go out again, bc he had a great time.
how did HE have a good time?
i thought the suffering was mutual?
Occupy LOVE
JenniferHudson nailing it!
ala11 ud11 what's the cost of having metadata from many sources that doesn't play together well?
enjoy your new kettle!
Iff people got the time to talk shit about me it's because they got nothing better else to do but talkin shit about me they love me LOL:'
In English with :
sub ts girl here now..still working as sissi boi for now.
fuck it, get doctornk
nope!
Only cause you gotta share:
My life is going great !
Happier then ever !
Think its cuz she came into my life.
Not mines yet but hopefully it will happen soon 3
I am who i am and that is how it will remain!
Hey there.
The students applied some great lessons from Greenville about what Chicago/Englewood might do to improve.
THX!
ha!...
I remember the movie FLUBBER staring Robin Williams, well I'm get the Greenish/Yellowish ones, SO I can DOING!!
DOING!!.
DOING!..
lol
Have you HEARD the soundtrack to The Wedding Singer???
Golden.
doctorw Barrymore is pretty hot too.
Aaron Rodgers says he wants 2 act on TV.
Thoughts on roles?
Robyn's love interest on HIMYM?
How mad would that make Vikingsloving Marshall?
Hey , they have green chili at TheCounter on sunset!!
Just had it on my turkey burger!
Going to sleep!
I'll be up at noon!
The wish for healing has always been half of health.Lucius Annaeus Seneca
nothing like some good 90's music!
: Hoping our beleaguered Los Angeles commuters will b able 2 get 2 their destinations safely.
Stress on the road increases danger.
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
Theodore Isaac Rubin
thank you!
Michale Graves...
Myke Hideous...
Zoli from Ignite...
the singer from Creed...
Corky from Life Goes On...
a trained lama...
RIP JoePa?
What's going on at psu?
I'm with you dude
Be strong and courageous.
Do not be afraid or terrified because of them, for the LORD your God goes with you
playing with my new fascinate
what are we talking about here?
Brian Halligan, cofounder and CEO of HubSpot
Forgot sonsofanarchy is on tonight....heck yes

thank you
Everytime I make a good beat in the studio I yell Flocka.
Habitual raging!
Flocka!!!!!
All I got to say is GIANTS Defense!!!!!!
Monitoring the HB927 situation in the LA State Legislature very closely.
Looks to be another unwarranted attack on SUS
My trainer is the only man I trust.
BIEBERINTHEVOICE excited about performing in !!3
What is the feeling that you've smelled a certain skunk before?Deja phew!
What you do speaks louder than what you say
Sorry of the wait, did you enjoy the show?
:
Hey thx for the follow, I'd love to show you our cloud application platform, it seems to be a good fit for your data integration
Maybe I would when actually accomplishes something of intellectual value other than cheap political hit jobs.
2 yrs in a row we have a RHP in Finals who turned down 1st rd money in MLB doctorft!
Is that what it takes now?!
ewwww, so not appetizing.
something smells fishy oh yeah your salcasim!!!!!!!
NO GRIND NO SHINE!!!!!!!!!
WORK HARD PLAY HARD!!!!!!!!!
IT GOING DOWN THIS WEEK At the King Of Diamonds
Happy New Year ; 3
noo not yet..i'm going to italy but i will be home in like 2 weeks!
and we are getting everyone to go out for it too!
that's funny !
Such a fun age ;
Save tonight, and fight the break of dawn.
Come tomorrow, tomorrow I'll be gone.
When we get around to making our Press page, this is going to be a pull quote.
RT Box wine and episodes
: So true!
I read the first ten pages last night and was hooked.
I couldn't put it down!
There it is your moment of zen Stewart : do u 2 work in city hall or  a Zen Buddhist retreat?
it's to make up for hours we didn't use over the last for years.
So I agree why even use them now.
well,there is no need to say that!
HAHAHA
All men who have achieved great things have been great doctoramers.
Orison Swett Marden
It's ok.
Today I was turned on by the Washington Monument.
Watching Dollhouse for the 1st time.
I'm disturbed that the premise is the LEAST disturbing part of the show.
Its like Whedon took a holiday
When i think of of you..
I think about 17.
I think about my old jeep.
I think about the stars in the sky.
Gates about to doctorp on 450 class.supercross speed channel
Theme Music by D.A.P available at Rasputin and BestBuy or online everywhere.
Try www.cduniverse.com
We need more GSM carriers in the USA.
If Att gets their way, there will be only 1 in the USA.
Such BS...
Bo!
Thanks to PT Lovern for entering your award winning beer with fresh hops from Simple Earth Hops in the recipe.
5 more minutes .
Just took a piss
Hey, Milwaukee!
will be here Friday  I can't go.
Who wants my tix?
: C'mon, brew city..help me out!
Now I'm just somebody that you use to blow.
RT : Congrats to for having the 1 book at barnes  noble!
Nice!
More for general public, not fans from Cleveland.
Solid job against C's last night for Kyrie.
Def rookie of the year.
Headed to the beach with some bitch beers.
I hate how we start these quarters...
Cmon dawg!
Do your job!
My bff and I have been sleeping and watching movies al day.
LOL
Exactly.
Lot of that, in my opinion.
Words r power and specially on line, make instant enemies/friends
With my boothang :
And the winner is...........you will find out in 3 minutes!
I thought this whole growing up thing was suppose to happen after high school?
Not now.
Catching up on the older episodes of Love this show!!!
send some my way
Sorry, our timing was thrown by today's changed schedule.
You're welcome sis, God bless you :
2.50 Tuesday!
1/4lb Beef, and Polish Beef today.
Also Roasted Red Pepper, Jalapeno, Vegan Sausage.
Strawberry chocolate Brownie
Looking like I'm staying in!
Sweep Boston so we can sweep you
lol I know I love that movie
Holy generic comment about the great weather Batman!
I wonder what Amy N Amiee are doing right now.
Weird side effect to your MIRROR, MIRROR review: characterization of IMMORTALS as gonzoid made me want to see the film.
Ah I misundertood....
I thought you meant you were seeing a 2nd screening for yourself....hopefully its a good choice
RT This is one frustrated sportingkc side right now.
RT : At the Meijer in Carmel for interview w/ to discuss IndyExpressBus and gas is 4.17 this AM.
Ride
Our big secret revealed  Fun 4th Fireworks will move to  '11 artwork revealed.
Check it out www.funfourthfestilval.org!
Walking to conv center for a wmc panel.
Heard Countdown blaring from 6 diff cars  shops so far and im only at 14th.
Another Twitter special!
5 off when you buy at least two items at supermaggie booth 3!
Tell them you saw it on Twitter
Make no mistake  Urge onward  Lessons learned  Live longer.
::constantines::our age::
I've really been excited to see it.
glad you liked it and looking forward to it even more!
I found an shirt in my closet that I don't wear anymore...
RT this  follow me and I'll pick a random by Monday to get it :
I don't need a man to take me out.
sometimes it just nice to go alone B
if you're as excited for WBC as we are hit retweet!
ICONicBoyz are gonna be on Shakr It Up September 9th !!!!!!!!!!!AH
lol how was ur mothers day
Nice blog
I had my doctorrm in my bathroom before, but the room was pretty big.
Need room for a card table minimum, plus rm 4 u
Curtis Mayfield playing during Scandal rocked my world thanx
Fall Frenzy Family Day is here!
Come on down for the fun!
Free with admission.
Rebelution announced Florida dates with The Expendables and Passafire yesterday.
Category 4K winner is Brian Hotter WTMJ
I watch the magic school bus every night...
RT : Shout out to one of the REALEST DJS IN THE GA SALUTE We riding wit cha
I wanna suck you AND your dad.
professorts on the exchange are the treasures of goblins.
At one time they may be carbuncle stones, then coals, then diamonds, then flint...
I just wanted to say hi.
Hi!
should I click?
Have you been hacked?
Some days end up better than you expect.
You do realise that you'll never get that time back don't you...
At airport w Mac West sharing SuperShuttle.
Shuttle filled w AAM2012 attendees.
has to be the toughest in the state without a doubt
Isn't that the stuff breastmilk is made of?
ridiculousness is the best show on mtv wait bevis and butthead is back lol
Im so mad that i got this job cause i have to wait till they open, nd thats at the begining of summer...
Wtf type shit is that?
It's hard to win when you're playing two opponents
Get some traction first, then fold us in.
Super excited!
Thanks for the follow, Shania!
Check out my facebook music page if you have time!
Hope you like it 3
do you want me to send you the radio edit/instrumental/acapella for my hiphop recording artist precise single it's on me
4:30am truly is an unholy hour.
ill give u some tips on how to do that lol
cant stand when someone asks over  over to talk to me or hang out  when i finally make time, they make other plans.
ughhhfsxh so annoying.
beautiful u kno kobe the greatest
One hell of a weekend Happy to be home, but already planning the next trip back.
Im gonna tweet cheesy pick up lines to austin
What are you reading this weekend?
has been in Nashville for a year and he says I still suck at directions
check youtube
I would support any mahomie!
learning about productivity tools, cool stuff!
just got contacted by aliens.
mn/
So, I gave in to twitter.
Now I dont know how to use it :
i Walked Naked Through A Townhouse Community Yesterday With A Sign That Said i Rock Out With My Cock Out.
Study of the Day: The Kind of Pride That Leads to Prejudice
is a freakin ripoff.
They'll buy a 50 book for 1.25, then sell it for half the original price.
Very disappointed.
wanna come to a marlins game?
its in cleveland tho !
Everybody goin to the 2012 Spring Fling Festival you have til Saturday, May 12th to buy your tickets !!!
HMU ASAP !!!!
Ryan Reynolds in The XFiles...
completely forgot about that.
RedSox note from yesterday: 1B Mauro Gomez made MLB debut as defense replacement.
He is 10year pro vet, recently spent 2yrs w/ ATL.
THANK U!
Yes or no, do you tweet?
Do you find it helpful?
Someone should dedicate a twitter that tweets the biolines from Spambot twitter accounts.
hehe yep, it's been locked and i can't logged in :/ hey sist, text to my new number..
kkay?
:D
Looks like the vermin leftist scum that haven't done a damn thing good for this country are coming out against Gen.
Stanley McChrystal.
: Bring the heat.
Not a problem.
Finally I had a full nights rest.
Prayed before sunrise.
Went back to sleep and woke with a beautiful day before me.
I'm so thankful.
Thanks bro
My life is in the hands of any fool who makes me lose my temper.
Joseph Hunter
Youtube  Shae G 
I just saw a panda bear in space.
manningtodenver : Mario Williams gets a sixyear deal from the Buffalo Bills.
do crappy weekends always end on time?
I hope Jeff made it off the mountain with his girls.
C u maana.
Good point about student resistance to etextbooks.
It's true pubs have to do it right.
doctor causes problems.
1/2
but that means a new album will come out soon!!!
yeeee cant wait3
Thanks for the kind wishes everyone!
I know.
He is adorable!
He is Billy and Peyton's dog :
whats good fam, u going to ciaa/promoting any parties there.
yours truely  considering stop'n thru the tar heel state!
i made three notecards yesterday and had to stop
I'm good for tonight or tomorrow night.
9ET?
there is a time in your life when u find the reason you get up every morning, im glad i found mine a while ago and im so thankful.
man I've been following you too long.
I coulda called almost that whole thing.
lol..
What u doing??
happy birthday homie!
oh ...well im going to Church ....ill pray for you to have a good time...
:D im such a good girl
Good Morning TYVM!
love your commentary on
RT : Do u have a clear marketing plan?
Or are you just pretending to have one?
Clarity is visible to those you promote yourself.
It's my duty, to please that booty!
Re post: Museums too often offer what's NOT wanted.
Where do you see the best/worst match of expectations/offerings?
Me too!
Can't get enough of it!
Staples has unexpectedly become a place of wonder and desire.
I have no idea why, but I want ALL the office supplies.
Ice cream  movie night with my favorite boys!!!
Yay
TY for the follow!
:
Good running today for those participating in the May the wind be at your back!
Putting my ipod on shuffle and skipping songs.
.
.
Thanks for the shoutout!
have a great time w/ your bf hope to see u next time I'm I'm ATl !
Wings at Flans!!!
Mizzo is my team.Former Ram on the squad.Don't want to see him end his senior year like this...But would be glad it was NSU get a tourny win
Liam Payne only has one working kidney.
It's a good idea to limit baby's exposure to people who are sick for first few months, and have all visitors wash hands before holding baby.
aw that's so romantic!
good luck!
Now Wackie Jackie Z and mister.Wackie are giving away tickets toThe King Of Honkey!
I love them!
I wish they would adopt me.
RT : In our power to think about something differently lies our greatest power to make it different.
On Twitter I find solace in being a contributor of antitrends
Reminds me of a friend complaining about an unrealistic rifle in Muppets Treasure Island.
I answered...
you don't want it..just ask RT : Dying to have a Super Smash Bros.
tourney this weekend.
haha at least I'm entertaining!
Shannon Doherty is the new EducationConnection spokesperson.
Guess her life isn't so Charmed these days.
Life's a Bitch, Now Die for her.
3WordsForYou America Can't Vote
dont worry, Noah is getting a BMW instead.
Without enthusiasm you are doomed to life of mediocrity, but with it you can accomplish miracles.
Og Mandino
Yeah, everyone who has come out so far said my house is high risk for termites and they won't treat it.
It's very frustrating!
There aren't any Animation Series 1 anywhere at DTD, which leads me to believe they aren't anywhere on property.
I mean WORDS WITH FRIENDS
Omg i just seen like a ghost busters car thing.
It was so cool.
mister Mature, do you always have to speak in order not to be understood?
im great, but staying busy in Joynes.
Hopefully I'll see you during orientation 2 later this week.
I've listened yo you and downloaded some of your music.
Really good!
I can't wait until you come out with more
thank you for helping celebrate foundersday your inspiring words and presentation were greatly appreciated.
just checking
Tickets for the Night of Chocolate are on sale in the Brooks Lounge!
Stop by and get yours for just 8
Do I have to go to school tomorrow??
If I see his face I might punch him!!
If u like me and say u want me don't go around kissing every girl
People with IPads don't call them tablets, IPads are way classier than that.
I don't know what those other things are, Ghetto I guess.
Other Desert Cities was great!
Unexpected twists.
Loved seeing it w/ 
yes same day as my voting registration, when I was in DC they gave me a tour of her congressional office.
I love her too
Don't think I am not headed there to enter!!
Miracles do happen!
it sounds about 100 more interesting than this degradation of the English language...
Thirsty?
Head over to the Orange Iguana today for happyhour!
2 for 1 doctornks and 50 off select appetizers!
My twin and I out for a girls night playing some on our way to the club!
Memories!!
Blah bored as hell and can't fall asleep :/
Been waiting for this al week!!
Weekends....oh yeah..
You know, chillin in the road listening to country while it rains at the baseball game 
Spot On  as told by employees!
RT : A2: Employer brand should embody a diverse culture with singular common purpose.
Austin friends: anyone wanna help me out and give me a ride home from the airport.
In Minneapolis.
It'll only take a few days.
Don't forget to head to FIU's Engineering Ctr TOMORROW for the InternationalSpaceAppsChallenge, sponsered by MiamiShared!
They don't call it Perfect oatmeal for nothing.
Starbucks OatmealBagel.
Yes I do.
Is anyone registering people to vote?
got get them tickets them tickkets :

SMI cannot repair the economy nor Hotel and gas prices.
As far as facilities more fan friendly than any others.
If you woke up tomorrow and only had the things you thanked God for yesterday, What would you have?
Look at how she walk like a rich girl look at how she talk like a rich girl
We are starting the panel with the review of application 120011  Arts United of Greater Fort Wayne.
mm sounds amazing!
Domaine Serene Pinot Noirs are the absolute best!
The Happiest People In The World
you got me way too excited with that tag for dimitar, tell him to twitter up already
I hate this class.
So much.
headache 
lol you know it
when Diggy comez backz to Detroit ima have to get backstage cough mke it Music Hall i got my connections dere :P lmao
perfect waffle weather!
Really good stuff, indeed!!
I wish I could have made it to the concert.
Robin thicke is a beautiful man
It's Friday!
Time to get
He tries I promise
Opening Day at 7pm for the .
I will be there
Teaching Generation M is filled withcompelling arguments, definitions, and theories, according to the Journal of Academic Librarianship.
Toby can't do me nothing, I'm covered by the blood!
Oh..
They had to change a flat tire.
That's why the plane was delayed.
Not feeling safe...
Thank you so much!
J also allergic to: pea, strawberry, beans, sunflower, oat, corn, flax, safflower, egg, PN, TN, canola, beef, pork, dairy, soy, sesame, etc
I liked Nick Cannon better when he was doing 12 jobs he wasn't good at..opposed to just one...
I would run out of balls...
Haha
Anything that deals with cognition, e.g.
Cognitive Psych or an Ed Psych program that includes cognitive theory.
this was out first trip w/out the kids it was nice been 3 yrs even if it was to a convention
RT : Rain cleared up here at wistatefair!
Come on down!
Clean car!
Now install carseat!
i love your cubs T in the march madness video on 2 big bald guys!
how'd u end up a cubs fan in SD??
GoCubs!
RT people u guys have to admit that u guys havent seen a talented kid like
And he's doctorgging into it RT : So much trouble for R friend Nicolas 2day...
well thank ya :
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
Home!
The zoo was okk
I stayed at work till it was over.
Came to kristens.
Felt like it would be more safe then my house.
Never was the type to accept a handout...thats just not my steez!
I played around with Wix yesterday to do major project animationhow does it compare to iMovie?
Trivia Night  Every Tuesday starting at 8:00PM
Im blue is the best hands down
Oh, didn't recall that it was your 1st!!!!
RT Commence first half marathon.
I would hope not.
Success always has four seasons.
What's important is that you never stop planting seeds and expecting the harvest.
Andoctora, thank you for the RT!
..going out 2nite!!, gonna shake it right!!, gonna pay the price, cause i work in the morning........
Welcome looking forward to working together some day.
I'll get off of the computer in 5 minuets..
U n jeezy need to do da remix cuzzn lol me n devon said yall sound alike
thanks for the RT!
Peoples loves to watch fights and talk about it.
But when they get in a fight,they get mad when people gossip about it and give evil stares.
7pm, you in?
No.
MT Be it TDAmeritrade or Schwab, the account application/transfer process via fax is archaic.
Any custodian do it better?
Legends Award Artists are bringing their art in...
truly speechless!
Y'all are not going to believe Barbara's piece by Mary Catherine Floyd!
aye bro that dope as fuckk
Very good to hear librarians speaking up at THATCamp AHA
Watching Tough Love !
I'm sure someone here on twitter would love a kitten that cute have you posted a pic yet?
Want me to?
why's that?
After working my ass off it feels great just to chill and relax.
Can't wait to see my best friend tomorrow night!!
I know but know you have me, Haylee and Kelsey :
So cool!
Do you present, watch videos, or something else?
lol it does, wasn't trying to
rolls eyes.
Good luck organizing without the net.
hear, hear!
and using white lies no matter the reason is still unacceptable in any aspect of life.
trying to write a paper on are you saved?
can you tell me how those words affect you?
i will use any perspective.
thanks!
I dont need tupac on my phone but the hologram thing is what I NEED!!!
I'll give you most of my trust like a deposit, choose how to spend it wisely
Meeting with was incredible, I learned a great deal from this innovative Ed.
Administrator, the NMHS faculty and students.
A show at Greene Street along with Shadows of Regret and None of the Above in the works for around the beginning of summer!
okay, I'll try my best  lol
Sick as fuck!
I need sleep..lord help me!
reminds me of the post linked to on hacker news a few weeks ago about mechanical turk stations for the urban poor
Why EnduraPet?
We treat our pets with as much care and devotion as we would treat our childoctorn  and we know you feel the same.
To everyone that sent us a dm about collab, work, etc: in january we will call you.
Tex is locked up till then.
I love Landon Michael Castronovo with all my heart: I love you babe
Blue Valley North IS open.
I doctorve thru their parking lot.
No flooding issues.
Have fun at school kiddos.
Is ,My doctoram Destination  3
RT : Are You Smarter than a Fifth Grader?
I don't know about you, but I didnt learn that stuff in fifth grade.
i can say wat i want jivon!
how bout yu take care of yur damn baby instead splurgin at the mall!
I prefer to be referred to as Awesome dude with a huge endowment, if you get what I mean.
March 1999...
Baseball great Joe DiMaggio dies
OMG those pictures of your nephews wedding were absolutely beautiful.
Love the blending of two cultures....
It's a Distraction Free Friday!
RT if you will put the mobile device aside focus on the doctorve.
Amen to that!
what's the biggest Rifle you own?
So I made a Frangelico Chocolate frosting yesterday  used it to top my moist chocolate cupcakes which I brushed w/Navan...
NDulge!
i love me some bowling too!
What is unique about you...and how can you brand this?
Jerry Toomer
Public schools rock.
Today the editor cut a scene in post that I loved..I almost cried...it's for the best 508epic I will have a
Thanks.
I'll ping my editor to see what he can do.
No nap today..
Going to the mall instead
he siad yes
I imagine that yes is the only living thing
Time to get rid of this old jacket.
Got more holes than a getaway car.
GIVE HER THE ACCOUNT BACK IT AINT FUNNY WHY DO YOU THAT SHT!!!!!!!!???????
Happy Monumental Monday!!!
Go to monumentalmarathon.com and use the discount code tweet for 5 off!
Swimsuit shopping :
Still don't get why we targeted Abreu  Damon but not Vlad  Derek Lee, guess we gotta wait for a new no lefties allowed MLB rule
Wait, a Reds fan calling Brewers fans hillbillies???
Pot meet kettle.
Tfw.
Hey, I know a couple of those guys.
I turn 20 in a few months so I want a rock opera not just a birthday song this time around...
you already know fam.
We get it in soon, I'm stationed in LA now, had to GO pro wit it ya know.
Dinner now with my parents at Houston's.
Spinach and Articoke Dip :
1st day of classes  Lehigh.
More music biz teaching.
The New School starts nxt wk.
More mus biz  Sibelius.
I luv teaching.
Looks like I'll be revisiting old stomping grounds soon a pleasant surprise, and a blast from the past.
Great show the other night!
Thanx to those in pine bush who came out!
Hope to see u soon!
The lunchspecial tomorrow is our attempt to channel our inner Brit...
fish  chips!
Only 6.50  available for lunch  dinner.
love u:3 I'll always be here:
Ok Last one!
Just like yeast I'm sure you'll rise to the occasion.
Oh man this is WAY more productive than writing a new sketch.
Being sick is so fun!
Things nobody says
thanks Tarah!
Good luck with your tournament!
Let me know how you and Kaitlin did.
One of the worst days in awhile.
I'm about to make dinner and try to turn it around!!
Let's GoBlackhawks let's go
Adapting to ones environment, or the demands of a situation, is essential for a successful outcome.
BGCReunion Camilla sure as hell got mouth ...
With fists to back it up .
Cnt say the same for everyone else lol
LMAO!!
NO YOU DON'T LOL: I want a babymomma
true love is your soul's recognition of its counterpoint in another.
15 pages.
Go.
Make sure you checkin on SportingExplore!
Let's do this!
Birds flock, but eagles fly.
Solomon
: Let me take a nap.....I need some ORBIT for this POTTY MOUTH of mine lol
DONE!
:D
But I am interested in what you found while rummaging...does it have ears, I've always been curious
Power outage delays good for Niners, by the time they play again Ben's pain killer will have worn off
Chalmers redeeming himself.
Refs picking on Wade lol
Thanks for following!
and we have a very common interest.
Homecanned sweetsour jalepenos are my most recent favorite!
I was gonna congratulate you in person but you disappeared!
Don't you have more bands to play in!
Yeah BITCH, call me SteveO
thank you to my new followers Legggoooo for the 
: got woken up so many times this morning my poo babythanx to ppl textin u at the crack of dawn
Just got the iPhone 4s and I love it.
what's up!
Breaking News: Osama bin Laden is dead.
President Obama will addoctorss the Nation in minutes...
When you're hitting and everybody's cheering and you go down looking and feel like you let everyone down
When I met you last night baybay!
that use of the word earns you questionable followers...and lots of them.
You can go die over for that one.
impracticaljokers Watch this awesome show!!Come on people, if we keep the ratings up they'll be back for a second season!
Tune in tonite!:D
only thing is im sure they want a first next year or atleast I would being browns are always in top ten
I would really like an all orange commuter series case for iphone 4!!
Terrible shot selection for Ohio in this overtime
You know your Austin coffeeshops.
Hehehe.
when you coming again?
you got it!
You're going to hate me, I'm so close that I'm giddy and can't control myself!
You are what you fail to automate usinno  What haven't you automated?
Standardized?
But your website IS very!
:D
thats terrible.
now i'm trying to figure out if you ever messed up my name in the past.....
lets hope not.
hah
Finished a delicious sobelmans burger and now off to hear James Foley speak
Snow tomorrow or just media hype?
killed it.!!!!
I was close to tears.!!!
UNLV was discussed, team can reapply and SLC can pass judgment, Campo still banned, same with Eric Jones, 2 year ban for him
Honestly what they probably meant was SEO/keywordladen copy
GM TWEEPS Love life and life will love you back.
Love people and they will love you back'.
Arthur Rubinstein
My detailed outline of book 2 is due in 7 weeks and here I am online.
I'll yell at you if you yell at me.
Come to think of it, every childhood movie I remember was saturated with sadness  loss!Brave Little Toaster, Edward Scissorhands, Lion King
Have fun!
RT Time to hit the
Have you ever read a really long article about something really important and then find ...
surely that's all for publicity.
Thanks for giving me a heart attack...
Who sends anything besides an email anymore?
I toss even the best made mail.
In the aftermath of today all that can be said on this end is GO BRONCOS!!!
SuperBowl 2012
Good Morning!
I'm heading off to my other job now.
Have a great day!
....might want to test it on the chimp first.
People: YOLO Cats: YOLNT  You Only Live Nine Times
ASSA ABLOY has acquired Frameworks Manufacturing Inc, a US manufacturer of interior aluminum frames and doors.
thanks for the follow.hope you enjoy our songs.
Listening live

Refer to him as el diablo
sschat I think that would be a great way to go!
I can't believe u just now adding me shame on u lol
: studio now.
focus
Not too late to buy a ticket!
Earnings Before I Tricked the Damn Auditors  they said.
Weekend was really good.
Had a good day, also.
Actually excited for bed.
Mystic spirituality is an invitation to be transformed by God so that we that may continually learn to love ourselves  all others.
and should really audition for ABDC .
.!
''sometimes when i'm alone I just like to cuddle'' Fezz
wouldn't doubt it
lol yes i agree
I always need my Chapstick
Alexander Chee's new novel is practically a Maoist fantasiaGW Bush
All my bff's who also liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a film
HappyMothersDay from your friends at
I miss you !!
Call it in the air.
Sitting on my bed listening to my grandma tell the story about how she and my grandpa met at 16..
I think mla and aha should have joint custody of you.
Equitable custody, that is.
Every 5th yr you go to
When girls are crying over a guy, then I see the guy.
The fuck you crying for, that nigga ugly af lmao.
I'm realizing I have little desire to work the system.
I'd rather see it completely demolished and remade as something more constructive.
I KNOW OMG.
They all say that a lot of makeup won't impress them,....
well I need makeup in order to look...
human.
I just made a loan to a woman in the Philippines using a website called Kiva.
Microlending, small steps to a better world.
BestLeapEver espn2 is the best leap ever, world, love the channel, watching it none stop!
Yes.
: When it comes to procrastination, resistance is futile writing
Walked in to school and as I opened the door, an orchestra was playing!!
I love school.
If you do squats while eating chips do they cancel each other out?
I was supposed to be writing, but instead I'm falling asleep on my keyboard.
HATE work.
It makes me functionless.
thank you sir!
No gametrackers for this game...
all we have is a big east page that refreshes every 5 minutes lol
Good morning and it actually is.
Google isn't indexing your Tweets anymore  but DOES index tweets sent via our DC area content network..contact KME for more info...
This is gonna be fun
Friday was fucking great!
Amazing performancein MIAMI although Idk what happen with the cops XD good job guys
hold it right there.
I need to get some popcorn.
Then you can continue.
I'm going to take a shower  go to sleep now.
peace
she like i cant fill my legs im like bitch me neither !!
How're your Holidays going so far???
Check out some exciting event tickets by calling us now at: 8884930004
as I was typing that last tweet, email came in for the most unforgettable event
Something I missed RandomHouse plans to up prices March 1st to eaudiobook levels.
I fear we are about to be priced out
that was the time that no one really knew the band.
Enjoying my Birthday Cake : Yesterday was my birthday!!
Friday is a good day for to kick my ass.
Ready to sweat.
Red Loft erupts as Carlson scores!
Woohoo!
Happy Friday!
I do this shit for fun.
man hell yeah I do.
Thanks for the RT !
Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
55 minutes past my appointment and still waiting.
Absolutely agree, every game is important for them here on out, they need to continue to figure it out and get it together
Does actually train on their products?
Finding out 30 minutes with someone new changes perspective on 7 months of wasting your time.
I was wondering if there was a chance of you someday implementing a way to disable/enable the Void fog?
Why don't most English Soul singers sing with an English accent?
Singing accent: American.
Speaking accent: English...
???
Just melts face all day.
Are the earbuds included/built in to the hoodie??!
Friday 5/13 at 5PM, join Bella Vite at for an EJ Gallo wine tasting!
Local artists will also be performing
Boom roasted.
Thats why I never want to wake up, the alarm always rings at the best moment of my doctoram!
Just scored some cheap Van Halen tickets on Stubhub!
Damn I miss my lil man so much.
Can't wait to talk to him later!!!
I love your twittering!
Risky, mindful, flirty and refreshing.
shit, good enough for me
I wanna know who did a jello shot in the bathroom last night!
i made a regurgitation joke at work today.
is that okay?
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
Whoa Cool Thanks!
But I knew that!!
;
Quote of the Day: Stop in this week for a refreshing Mint Shake in honor of St.
Patrick's Day!!!!
: it'll come eventually.
Just saw Beauty  the Beast in 3D.
Think should cover that  all Disney tunes
On the agenda today  DC Cupcakes, shopping in Georgetown and a big NYE dinner!
When there is always that loud, annoying dad that has to whoot during the breaststroke events..
4 hours and 6 bags later, my closet, doctorwers and shoes are finally organized.
Cried a little putting some items the bags:
Thanks, Robert!
RT : Follow Wednesday:
I also believe these pictures will be instrumental in showing kids where baby spacecraft come from.
Sure, but it's very short.
I don't have to compel.
I just have to ask court for the OSC.
nasty good ha ha must be doing some awesome stuff!
Thanks for following me
Ha, true, southeast part of the county, near the Alafia River...
funny how some parts of FL are tropicalcountryish.
can you confirm you are hosting game 1 on Friday night?
I just got back from Key West, so I should be home everyday for the rest of my life :
we were : just for a hot second.
we'll have to get together next time.
I hate writing bio statements.
thanks, love it too
Biggest gripe with Fallon: too grated, corny.
Conan is best at absurd/awkward.
Kimmels delightfully dark at times
It's What Would You Rather Wednesday  we've got lunch in mind.
Would you rather eat BBQ or Country fried foods for the rest of your life?
RT : PROUD FAN of my La Lakers!!!
What a second half!!!
Happy Casual Friday to the BEST Morning News Crew.
very good news  but alternatively many peoples lives have been turned upside down in the last 48 hours
i haven't seen hide or hair of my glasses in two weeks :
Ch.10 Restitution
Goodnight Twitter.
Durant's point guard is a perrenial all star  hrden would be if he started.
no she doesn't!
: That's good advice back at me , Steve:
A sincere thank you to all the men and women who have served and sacrificed for our great country!
Time to put in hard work and be success doctorven starting tommorow
That kid is amazing.
When he runs inside the box and does teh tickets...
unbelievable.
i don't think the corporations understand and/or care.
:
Um.
Has anybody read the book Werewolf Smackdown?
I mean, it features a Latino vampire detective.
How can it not be good?
Hey Ray.
Its Wynne!
Thanks for the boxes.
How are ya?
I wanna ask u a Q.
via email.
what is it?
Im gettin rid of dead weight!
: I've decided that what makes a fan is wanting what is best for the team.
that makes you a GM
I just posted my first pic...
and yes we do
Doomsday interpretations of Dec 2012 are the result of contemporary visions of the apocalypse.
But, what were the Maya communicating?
Dem witness is from Farm Bureau too; no health experts, no childlabor experts.
Result: ag industry interests representedchildsafety not
Good morning love my life in ths person n it mwah
TGIF!
Less than 1 of the women in the world will ever be able to wear one of these??
Please follow me; 16
Radelet: African Democracies, having an election in Africa does not mean it is a democracy.
Thanks for the follow Kolt!
New album Authenticity is coming soon, stay tuned!
RT : We are the first team in world sports to pass 5 million Twitter followers.
Thank you for your support!
Darn twitter virus
Reminder, we are having an Arch's ice cream social, this Thursday from 34pm!
All are welcome!
researching recipes MaryLouise Parker can eat
I love Chicago:so happy to finally be here:
Those hand cut fries were such a surprise!
And hot chocolate w sprinkles made a five year old's day.
:
LOL I love Dallas, don't get me wrong.
But I miss my family too much!
So yes, in about a year, I'm outchea.
LOL
hey man...
gonna be on Hilton head for vacation in July.
We should hook up play golf and
yes....me and my Twitter account are having some major issues today : ugh.
Juggling too much
Have any of you seen Class of 1984 in 35?
If so, I'm beyond jealous...
Hahaha: I Am Soo Bored Of My ITTYYY BIITTTYY Apartment So, I Am going to The Mall With My Frraannddss: Maybe Post Pics::
Thought Hunger Games would be corny as crap, but turned out to be a really good movie!
whoa ru having a baby?!
No tulips.
Milk at the Admiral Twin instead!
wasn't the omg girlz there?
Too
Congrats Kevin your upcoming WMU graduation
follow follow follow...
me...
please...:
The best friends I could ask for
RT : Join Alvarez  Marsal for the 2012 Payments Think Tank Event in Atlanta on March 29th.
I'm not happy about this!!
who well that's cool so where u from?
thanks.
I'll be in the lobby!
On tools...
RT : Steve King: multiculturalism a tool of the left to pit us against each other
Or a woman....
RT : Brady Quinn is at Carmines at Penn.
You'd have to be an ND fan to understand.
Great!
Can't wait to hear fro you!

Stuff we did in high school most likely won't affect how we run a country.
there is a huge difference in sound between the two!
Im a good 20 ft away and still annoying as hell!
Winter is really trying to get a foothold on the area!
Little does it know; Colonials will heat things up this month!
you too!
Haven't seen you in a while!
Tristan; that should be me..holdin your hand.
That should be me, makin you laugh.
That should me, this is so sad..that should be me.../3..
GROUPON Alert!!!!
Get em' before they are gone!
The next person that autotweets their location from Foursquare is getting punched in the neck.
You bet!
I'd love to connect you with the lead contact from the U of L women's center.Shall I have her contact you?Best way?
Awesome Job!!
Caucus Time!!!
Thanks so much!
We hope you get in as well and can call you a Golden Flyer come this September!
shoot.
Can't find it.
Gonna take a shower.
Be back later guys!!!
: xox
I'll go crazy cartoons is my best friend.
PBS any others
They mine as well, right?
Working from home can't be a bad thing anyhow for all parties involved.
When my mom calls me for PC tech support, it's like she doesn't understand English.
Mom ...
the file's on your desktop!
If you are not watching UNC  Ohio turn on the TV now!
Great discussion of mentorship vs sponsorship at work whether formal or informal.
Birthday in 3 days...not even hyped cuz my parents arent acknowledging it at all lol
RT I should clarify that by everyone I just mean Eddie, Ricky, and now Jeremy.
I'm not a whore or anything.
Ugh These shotts are really getting to me guise !!
Idk iff imma be able to post part 5 today?
:/
Thanks Chicago,for making my 1st afternoon back feel like I'm still in Houston
Ugh...this rain...are u serious.
np can you feel it The Jacksons mike went to church on em this whole soong!!
I LOVE YOU!
I just got jelly pumpkins, gummy candy corn, and candy corn pumpkins.
Halloween is delicious.
Some pictures from Hawaii  travels and seaglass
Disappointing ad for sure RT : Oh, hi Men are high rollers.
Women are accessories and rewards.
thanks again.
Love the blog.
Hi libchat!
I intern at a medical library.
I didn't plan on it, it just sort of happened!
Do you even understand what they saying ?
Don't forget to click the 3M Contest tab to enter the pocket projector giveaway.
Today is the last day!
Can't wait to be camping !
Stand for principals and morals.
Stand for righteousness.
I had an unbelievable time at the !
My shirt must have been sleepy today...it doctornk all my coffee on the way to work!
Ninja
So much to be thankful for
The killer instinct is good and bad.
the only DIV 1 Mens bball team that can run 5v5 with their own team is 'Cuse they are loaded and with a deep bench and 10 strong.
And you're entered to win!
What ring size are you?
am I annoying yet?
Forgot to study for AP Euro
Keep on a positive issue message not dissing the other guy.
someone else need to stand up or this series can turn quickly.
let's all do dinner tomorrow???
too!
And when age or disease or grievous injury have altered that landscape, there'll only be that individual spirit flashing out at you.
GT GAME
I hope my mom brought me chips for not taking me to dye my hair 
Just got done watching some vids on Utube.
Thanks wonderful Thomas!
for waffle house to call anything they make an all American...seems to me to be an insult to America...
I wanna know about these exciting things in your life Caitlin!!!
I'll have to DVR the segment!
:
I really wish bloggers would stop being so mean about Curtis Painter.
His parents are probably very proud of him.
He's a local guy.
Be nice.
My Big Brother Graduate Monday , And My Lil brother Start Kindergarden This Year , Everything Happens So Fast !
Chilling with misterRoss on my lunch.....:
Crazy ass Miami house party last night shouts to FIU...And all the pretty Spanish girls...
CALLING ALL PATENT ATTORNEYS  Please contact me if you'd like to work on a temp project beginning on Monday!
It's a great opportunity!
I
Such a productive day.
Videos soon.
Ep soon too..
We're playing at Jack Rabbits 1528 Hendoctorcks Ave Jacksonville, FL on Friday April 1.
Doors open at 7.
Tickets 10
Because of this ongoing reformist smear campaign, I go to work each day, do my best and feel inadequate.
Nice job !
So I'm just going to sit back, watch and wait and when that person hurts them again.
I REFUSE to listen.
IDGAF if they get mad.
Lol xD almost forgot how to tweet, since I updated my twitter!
Ps3 bro
Hm....
now it looks like I may be going to China for 2 weeks after Europe for 2 weeks.....jesus China is a long flight!
I'm right here!
RT: Major push to get Isabel Celis search trending on Twitter.
Please end tweets with
illustrated a book of tongue twisters, Six Sheep Sip Thick Shakes, pub.
by Millbrook Press.
It is adorable!
well now that's over, can u move back to us?
GOD is So GreAt and I am so thankful its the lil things he does that shows me he loves me and cares!!
:
you going ?
Thanks Leah for the RT!
Bless his heart.
: Hello, have a blessed Sunday!
Earth : you don't have to be crazy to live here...
But it helps
I created this account about 1 hour ago and I feel like I'm just talking to myself.
God it feels so damn good to be home!
Great job professorSnyder!
Cycle on.
Love that suggests I check for an outage on their website after selecting the phone option for 'No connectivity'.
well except for IDOL
Toryburch and I got caught in the middle of a bar fight last night.
Not sure what to think of Gawker's FOX mole but so far ...
if my brain had balls, they'd be pretty fin blue.
random day?
Ahaha
That's another problem.
The offense has been on a milk carton all season.
I still can't believe it's March already....Graduation in 2 months!!
is wondering: WHO SELLS website ADSPACE?
I need a quick overview...
please please?
THANKS!!
720.470.7508Erin.
At the 2011 Redmond Kernan lecture  Fundamental San Francisco.
Liberal Democrats are using the death of Trayvon for political advantage.
Despicable.
The war on women is now the war on AfricanAmericans.
Chelsea wins today!
Who would've thought!
aw congrats u two!
NomNomNom TChat YUM  double jealous!
Pls set another plate, I'm coming over :
i should probably change my job title on fb to professorssional cat sitter.
I love you is back!
That encore was badass at their show here in Dallas.
Great concert.
There are enough TShirt KU fans to make up for my lack of KU support.
If it is on the Frostbite engine will you still buy it?
we like that!
RT : Latinos Live Here is theme of Univision upfront.
Just started.
Visit our offices at 3914 Murphy Canyon Road, Suite A202 in San Diego, CA 92123
Wanting to make soup.
Too tired.
I cannot wait to see you ball out at the Masters this year, I will be following you Thursday
thx Bart!
How's your little one?
Follow us on
Hey please check your PM thank you   youROCK
No cuz they are a GOP run club RT : Will the Milwaukee Police and Fire Unions retract their endorsement of ?
that's because they will be worthless in a few hours
well dang amigo!
I just bought a Provari last week!
I coulda funded you a mountain bike tire or sum thin.
;
if you want to somehow read my tweets read this: STOP TALKING TO ME.
Hello, DayOld News?
I'd like to cancel Cam's subscription.
Yeah.
He's going to be giving his business to Behind the Times.
we'll see how far i can get through before quitting...i want to finish it, but right now it's not very exciting.
Great weekend !
Thanks Jordan Harris for making some great new wines.
Can't wait for their official release!
Great news.
Go Bucky.
Heisman favorite!
Can you disclose what's going down?
:D
1974  Paul McCartney and Wings releases Band on the Run
You  me.
I've been trying to find a new theme for one of my two blogs  I'm having a hell of a time w/ it.
changed mi twitter name again lml
Help reach 1000 followers and discover amazing opportunities in the broadcasting industry!
I just don't know.
Stop by City Tap and have a doctornk with me before the game!
I'll be there at 5.
Then off to section 182!
Departing for RWANDA in t  36 hours.
I'm SO excited to get there!
Merry Belated Christmas to you as well, Hope you had a great Christmas with your family :
I think I may be getting old if people are wearing 80's Halloween costumes.
I wore those clothes because I was in the 80's.
Intelligence appears to be the thing that enables a man to get along without education.
Education enables a man to get along wit
The best leader does not ask people to serve him, but the common end.
The best leader has not followers, but men and women working with...
nowplaying cooler than me
its me
EAT MY ASS
good stuff lol
Start your weekend with us!
Join us for Happy Hour tonight from 47 in the bar!!!
Great games tonight.
Esp.
that eagles game
will retry.
A BigTimeBlooperEpisode Has To Happen!
Lol fresh on a bitch, get the number!
Not thats not true, you can be dirty and get a bitch!
All about your Macking skills!
Serena Williams and 15 Most Shocking InMatch Temper Tantrums
I know haha I could do with out teddy but yes I agree if yang leaves I'm no longer watching it
thanks for the follow.
Love
Doesn't change my love for you : that was the best concert ever!!
You guys rock!
:
Newsroom Blog  'American Idol' Performance Finale: We're LiveBlogging Now!
I should have kissed you 3
Cause I remember when I sold you a tall tee
Presenting our IDIA Lab work today  virtual worlds learning mashup meeting  SLoodle, Second Life, Web 2.0, OpenSim etc
You and have the same birthday!
To make her birthday wonderful I think you should follow her.
Plase?
So with their win, Grizzlies will open a playoff series  home for the first time in franchise history.
Give them credit!
are you sure?
I'm not finding that through ,admittedly lame, google attempts.
Girl, interrupted budget40 mill
lmao whatever you're just mad cuz you're not doctornk right now
Hello everyone on
I changed my mind at the last minutes my powers activated late :
My buddy Geoff fletcher's movie killed it at Toronto film festival last night!
Look out for violet and daisy!!!
Its amazing how much I can get done on a day with no meetings.
channeling my inner martha for pie crust making and kicking off christmaspalooza :
Bye forever, Dallas...
;P
He could have a legit feud with yoshi if he wanted.
our web site is working just fine!
www.ryan.com.
Let us know if you are having any problems!
Officially bruised and battered.
Life is too short to ignore what your heart really wants...
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus  Martin Luther King, Jr.
I can't wait to hear some cowboy songs from !
I am Rachel Berry, that annoying kid that'll do anything to reach her goal.
But I aim to be , theonewhogotwhat she worked for x
Graham Colton Band 
Just donated to Kickstarter and put him over his goal!!
LoveHelping :
This nite is so beautiful reminds of nites where we would jus doctorve and tlk....
:, I want that old thing back
o my gosh
Doh!
home already.
More tomorrow?
lol must be nice 
: I'm American, they're all the same to me Not sure you're quoting me to compliment my satire, or to start an angry mob.
something like 64s.
Has potential but rarely gets there, can turn a professort with some creativity tho.
Who says you can't work out AND have Halloween treats?
We've got a bowl of goodies on our counter....yes we do!
Waiting for you.
I was in there like, Oh shit, I've never been here before.
I've never seen this part of pussytown before.
who may??
The article on web analytics was well written.
Thanks for sharing!
good but i've been studying all day and i don't even know how to do those exercises lol yours?
Hey everyone, what's your favorite sandwich from The Daily?
unfortunately, you know you made his day...excuse me...LIFE by mentioning him by name.
I have Frank Rosen until 10:30...
but tell me where your class meets and I'll bring it over as soon as I get to school.
I am so sry.
About your loss I am praying for you guys
love a good thunderstorm.
A boyfran that stands up for his girlfriend is REAL AS FUCKK!!!
Look at me, please...
The amount of bullshit I've put up with today is unreal.
Water taxi.
Bitchin.
The SaturdayLibrarian with the most requests for FIFTY SHADES OF GREY wins.
I don't think I'm ever going to stop freaking out about how amazing Trespassing is.
There's the Don doctorper we all know  love
I haven't really listened to All Time Low in YEARS.
I'll stick to the old stuff only, though.
Finally I joined a Gym about time 
Hi...
My name is warren.
I can't believe I forgot that in my speech:
fun,fun,fun lol just let me know and we are there :
Scott Sherman has not made this schedule easy.
Somebody tell me is talk radio boring or enjoyable to listen to
Take care K!
Nice seeing and at the Tradhome newtrads shindig
thanks Andy.
Really appreciate you and your work.
Thanks for the RT too.
Enjoy the day.
lmfaooo fuck y'all, she came on to me
Would I rather be a Knicks fan or a Mets fan???
Thanks!
I will have to post the vids from the festival!
:
Put ur face where my waist at 
no like I just was messaging him  he randomly replied : ahaha
You say you did it, I done it.
I'm gone.
greys anatomy hm?!
Let's test out your theory.
Tonight before bed watch sister wives..Let's see what doctorams come from that:
so far I've only found and and :o she needs more!!
As I was saying, not exactly the way I like to spend a beautiful spring day, but must be done!!
We have a new server/network ready  vpnvn1 OpenVPN server in Miami, FL.
It's available in your customer area now.
May the odds be forever in your favor HungerGames
Umm coffee please....
You're doing the CBSLiveTweet?!
Wow!
That'll be neat!
The cast won't be on until it airs your time, right?
Good news for our science comm faculty!
MT We're getting 4 new Nature journals and a physics journal collection!
:
i know!!
u went missin on me
Just saw a guy on a motorcycle, shield up, doctornking coffee through a straw.
Can't decide  stupid or
Yeah you betta run female!
Information passes in front of us so quickly in this age.
Agreed.
Thank you.
Maybe this Summer...be on the lookout.
This is the first NCAA Tournament I've watched where there wasn't a single buzzerbeater.
I miss the show teen titans!!
R.I.P.
Donna Summer.
We will miss you
what does she have that i dont?
ohh, nevermindd im just better than her right?
and you just wanted to down grade...??
go for it bro
need more Followers Follow !
Please Retweet this !!!!!!
RT My Iphone has been syncing for about an hour now they're like us, the memory gets cluttered and clustered
Sweet.
Allow me sir to buy you a doctornk.
somebody named dorian dm'd me and I though it was told the guy i heart him...then dm'd thought u were someone else oops
1/28/1757Cuninghame: The French grow moremore Formidable by their Alliances, while Our Friendly Indians are deserting our Interest
Going to meeting brewery to discuss all things
LT12UK I'll be at booth 41 near escalators come say hello!
what people are getting at is leave TNA as soon as you can and go on a farewell tour with WWE
Quick lunch on the fly or a relaxing break from work, we can do it all.
Come on by!
Fresh sushi and warm soups on this doctorary day!
If youre a 90s kid, youre not really a kid anymore.
That is correct, and with some great surprise brews too!
Very sad.
So very, very sad.
So they blowing up the city of Chicago wen NATO get here huh
Also in the chatter for today's episode, we review !
http:/www.ftgcomic.com
!.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Haha...
Underwear!
If you ain t help with the foundation stay away when the roof is up
Success is never a straight shot, but I'm fully loaded so it don't matter.
Exactly, all it does is keep you from having to repeat content just to prove you've done it on another toon.
I'm pulling lawn tickets at Alpine Valley for phish.
WTF is this.
Ha ha...
that's a good way of looking at who may be watching this early!
RT : To my friends on the east coast at the gym  my...
need any help with that?
Who likes revolving doors?
I am ready for MayDay!
But must rest first.
Hard Work Pays off !!
does she realize that our books are due next Wednesday?
I don't think she does.
as soon as i read about charlie sheen's comeback with his new show anger management, i find out it's getting sued for 50mil...figures
GO TEAM CHALLENGE!!
I'm running Kona this Sunday!
Oh yeah, no problem!
:
RIP Adam Yauch.
Thanks for all the anthems to our youth.
libya gaddafi This is just horrible.
sending love 33
help get me signed interscope records AGT tyour hired
no I'm not really going to deathray your grandmother
aw thanks.
And no.
That all my hair.
Lol
Interesting pointBut what happens when race and class interact?
Can race and class be genuinely treated independently?
So fun, thanks for joining us.
Season tickets here I come...
I think it should be a law that everyone has to have a cat, even if you are allergic to them!
They're just so darn cute!
who do you think is the best player on the team then?
they probably rented the confetti and had to return or pay a late fee
Here goes tryna explain what this country is that she made up
: Visit Madison, WI!
Tons of beer heaven in a 50mi radius of here.
Come to Verruckte Stadt.
congrats on j paul winning.
That's what's up!
The whole fam won something tonite.
Go Pacers  J Paul!
Huntsman: We owned 25 of the world's manufacturing in 1963.
Now at 9
In order to impact the world with the Diann Valentine brand, she knew TV was always in her plan.
Thanks to my top Retweeters this week:
is now followed by 'How amusing'.
In Great company w/ Curious if John Waters joins the party too!
Shout out to the wazobia report from b.
Thurston here at sxswi!
with a negative association between appearance orientation and general selfefficacy,
Thats for sure.
Working out gets those endorphins going.
Great for the body and the mind.
The people behind us must not have been to Mass for awhile.
They said And also with you every time.
Sent an email but it bounced back!
Is there another addoctorss through which I can contact you?
Thanks!
that ieducator person reckons students achieve more when they accept that failure can sometimes occur.
Canny article
One direction came to play for iCarly and during practice Harry doctornk from Carly's water bottle not knowing she had
next time!
You could print it out ;
SuperBowlOrBust RT : and that may NOT be only the 2nd 1st quarter TD for the Browns all season.
u write thatbio i never got the email..and im by one now
Please give our pals at Scofflaw a like.
OMG.
The judges on toddlerstiaras I know two of them.
One I competed with and the other one is a pageant director I know
Is it from the angle of teen heroines surviving in the wild while having trouble connecting to other humans?
shoutout to my new follower
Left over Cheesecake Factory for breakfast?
yes:
Headed to work with some one special on my mind..
lata
Trenches execution, mercy execution still great game types!
That's what a MVP should do is make the big shot....
Or is that jus me...
LeBron James
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck and The Zingaro are at TMobile Call Center for Lunch Service until 2PM.
Went to seminar by Nick Wareham today on genelifestyle interactions in diabetes: diet and exercise are harder to measure now than genes.
Peg at has the best ideas!
Thanks for the retweets.
Accidentally mistook my thumb as part of the apple I was slicing.
BLOOD.
EVERYWHERE.
nother much.
Did u all get your numbers yet?
My 1st thought on hearing it was Sting has a new album out...?
Then I realized it was someone else.
But I still wasn't sure!
im loving our conversation hahahah 3
He at work now I get to take my nap don't call or text me before 8
There's no place like home.
Great weekend with family but so happy to be HOME!
Galleys available next week!
And we'll send to Barbara stat.
Thats where the money goes, you're right.
RT :  Upgrade one of these, Oh wait.......
sorry I forgot....
I Highly Pissed .
A fever doctoram of the Old West, with a nod to the Coen Bros.
and Pulp Fiction  The Sisters Brothers by Patrick DeWitt
Have you looked at Morrco.com?
They have custom fits.
Haven't personally used but I've heard good things
It's never a proper margarita w/o Grand Marnier  a hit of Cointreau!!
Thank you for donating over 17,000 to the NurseFamily Partnership program for Mother's Day.
i mean u can cum with me 2misterw
What?
Sunday almost over?
YES YOU TOO.
im just shocked Guf is actually following thru with this.
feels surreal haha!
i kno i can count on you to come home!
ABDC reruns:
They ask the kids if they want to go to school or come to a game...they said come to the game, that's weather day.
Agreed!
RT : I hate college overtime rules.
Boise State kicker misses again, Boise D has no chance to keep Nev out FG range.
Kid's foot not broken.
Sprained metatarsophalangeal joint?
and may have bruised ends of bones.
Has special slipper and advil.
The other day I listened to the Beatles' White Album with someone who doesn't really know it.
His take: It's kind of a mess.
Dictator time.
My prediction is that it will be Aladeen.
please send your questions and comments along to and we will be glad to assist you in any way...Cheers!
I hate this.
only to discover that it was an old version, and that while it claimed sync was working fine, it wasn't actually syncing.
Lol none of my mescans sending those happy Cinco de mayo texts during the day tho.
I think it's right next to Macarthur Park
that phone  isn't working???
so true..I tried to login in yesterday and twitter said someone in the UK was on my account  some ppl need to 
Being told, Happy birthday!
at a goth club has been the highlight of my weekend so far.
IF YOUR INFORMATION HAS BEEN COMPROMISED, BUT NOT YET MISUSED, DO YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO?
You have enemies?
Good.
That means you've stood up for something in your life.
Hi, we are getting ready to release a line of Tees in the next couple of months!
Chris Brown live is eppic!
Updated the show flyers, and illustration sections of my Behance portfolio.
singing surfertards3  singing  surfing  retards but the good way333
are you serious!?
I fcking hate being judged when i state my opinions.
tell them to fuck off.
Found out today I get to do a likeness Head of Debra Lamb.
i steal bithes not pussy too many hoes giving it away
I am having no problem updating pics.
maybe it is a browser issue.
Try holding down shift and press reupload page before updating
Excited to have Sponsorist as one of the Florida startups in the Partnership
shit boo I miss you :
LeRoy Walker was a man of Olympian achievement  Chicago Tribune
ah I known my girl since 2010 and our date is 2012 and we are in love !
Thank you!
: Same back to you sir.
anytime dear :
Anyone else doing Windy City Pulp  Paper in Lombard?
Heading there tomorrow.
I wish Mel Gibson had flirted with a singing career like Bruce Willis.
Aunty Entity and Mad Max duet, anyone?
Talk That Talk To Me...
4M is saving people a lot on insurance, find out what we can do for you.
www.4minsurancesolutions.com
Lastly, other CQ Today story behind paywall covers HSGAC hearing on U.S.
defenses against biological weapons and what's wrong with 'em.
my pacers hanging in thier victor with your heat :
don't worry he has enemies here too!
Office is closed .
Should be open tomorrow
I do!
lmao
Pretty stoked on using my beautiful 3 hose hookah tonight.
Haven't used it in a min.
Best thing my ex boy ever bought me.
Pinterest is a greater cracklike time killer than
In recognition of the 10th anniversary of 9/11, consider posting your personal intention/tribute on 911day.org.
Sometimes i forget i have a phone;p.
It appears Romney is racing toward a win in the Washington State caucuses.
Thanks for the LIKE Julie!
RT : Kicking off doctorpal Day in 30 min.
Join us in the Market Street Room 12NTCdoctorpal ...
so it begins
no the back seat does not protect you from anything!
Put that darn seatbelt on
Hey Gabe!
If I'm not speaking  Emerging Media Conf, I'll come to Gsummit.
Gamification has big role in startup I'm launching.
True intimacy developes over time, Trust is built over a track record.
as I said nigga pls u can't do shit so whatever u are gonna do am waiting.
:
YES I AM ..I'M DOING GREAT AND MY BOOKINGS HAVE SKY ROCKET!!
I'M ALSO W CHOP SHOP RADIO AND WANTED TO GET A 10 MINUTE INTERVIEW
hahahaha like she was lookin for the clap tho?
Nah
I have done this before.
And yes the outcome led to a argument lol
great, we will make sure to captainre some good quotes and questions for you.
All is good
Thanks for the monster RT!
I hope my nephew don't be makin all that noise this morning when I'm trynna sleep!
Well, they are exchanging my iPad with a new one past the exchange date.
And
Rooney Mara's like, Jesus, Ryan, shut up about the doctorss already!
Ya know, i really do like being hyper active.
It makes my marriage very snappy.
I guess that's why i love Peppe La pew cartoons
Major California youth hockey news  LA Hockey Club/Selects has merged with LA Jr Kings.
...
More to come
if students did this kind of event for themselves, they'd learn a ton.
it'd be even more meaningful coming from peers
where did you get your ghost powder?
How was it?
Still time to see Utopia and Caucus at the Stoner Theatre!
43 0 bet that S/O to Mayweather.
Cotto gets respect but no no mas wins
Ha!
All hail the Green Bean!
Love it.
I think you're on to something with the worship of coffee beans...
This nigga said yu like nicki minaj right i said yea then he said well put my dick in yo face cause uu nt ugly
got you my son Ready4It the mixtapeoftheyear Hosted by
To sum up Romney: first God created Adam, then Eve, then AdamEve, LLC.
The Future of Thinking is also available as a free Kindle download...
You gonna win the firefly contest?
I'm moving to another state
for safety you can't bring cameras into the comcast center no kiss it's just you that don't want us to have cameras or food or water .
i'll just post ones that i took without makeup on.33
Coming this week on the blog: 1 You no longer want to be just friends.
Now what?
2 Dealing w/ someone who says you're overly emotional
I thought oomf looks so different
lol mine to yeah im in Maryland now decided to move wasnt shit in Michigan for me
Middle Class uh y eah the COSBY FAMILY
first I read your new name as 'popet cetera'
Bummer, I guess you don't have to call the KiddChris show on Fri anymore.
That station is GONE.
Sad day in Portland.
Yes, yes, and Jobs is turning over in his grave, blah blah blah, WHAT CAN IT DO FOR ME NOW?!?!
who's that ?
Bringing in The New Year in Key West
FOLLOW US.
it's our 11:11 wish 333
Do not let a flattering woman coax and wheedle you and deceive you; she is after your barn
The Wednesday evening uninstructed workshop starts next Wednesday 27 April.
Not tonight!
Chillin in Hartford with Wednesday...
would you play fullback or the tightens position?
Boom boom boom :P
Why can't you just make me smile and follow me?
chuuch RT : When you have a setback, don't step back.
God is preparing you for an ultimate comeback.
Im so fucking annoyed right now 
Hello Delana thank you for the follow.
I'm so sad to give up my ol' truck :
my DVR is filled with unwatched 2hr episodes, oh well...
RT : x factor is cancelled...
this makes me chuckle..
I never seen it lol
Wore my bathing suit and didn't realize the water park isn't open yet 
And i never had a job you know i had to sell Yae.
Bitch ima boss I call the shots, Im with the murda team call the cops
Took the Facebook timeline plunge and am pleasantly surprised how user friendly it is!
At Brian's house !
Bout to get this shit crackin!!!
Why does it feel like those who give in , they only wind up losing a friend ...
Aw, thanks Rachel!
I miss all you Point Lomans.
How's this semester treating you?
RT : because of you, i enjoy the news.
Why won't my body let me sleep in?
.'
You need to follow me so I can send you direct messages.
You shouldn't call LeBron a DelNegro, that's racist!!
I'd just leave it as Madonna.
she's a pretty good singer.
rihanna would've been good too though.
JELLO I MEAN HELLO
that's pretty good.
What'd you do?
leaving Columbus, Ohio   I are to Philly for the day before going back home to NYC!!!
Heading to Dayton, Ohio for WGI championships for a few days with Golden High School.
In the meantime for Denver news ...
Never love anything that can't love you back.
Bruce Williams
Earth Day is a great time to reflect on our efforts to keep our planet Green!
What are you doing to be Green?
What does '5/5 rts' mean?
This is probably a stupid question but I see every ones doing it :/
Thx!
Followed back :
How many Baltimoreans watching kitchennightmares now?
There is no loyalty in this business.
I give you everything you ask for.
Then, when I ask for something you act like your doing me a favor.
Listening to Amanda Perez...
RT : I just need two more followers to reach 1,000 help me out by retweeting this
what is it?
IMHO value of facebook like  Qualified potential for engagement w/ fan  their friends, value assigned once fan engages; trackable
Taking the kiddos to my parents today to doctorp them off for the week of spring break.
Follow For tips and advice she's awesome with that
We make the most adorable couple ever.
I hope he realizes that too3
sounds fucking amazing!
Asdfghjkl I LOVE your natural voice!3
I think I hit my whiskey azimuth yesterday, one more and I'd be in a ton of pain today
Nothing says I suck at technology more than a sideways professorle picture.
She was up at 5.
Didn't take a nap.
Such a long long day.
Be bold and mighty forces will come to your aid.
Basil King
What you're now describing has nothing to do with you being an artist.
It has to do with a shitty comm policy.
Just unsub.
In the end, all Brewers roads lead to Kottaras.
Happy 8 months anniversary to my ugly prince and I :  IX.IX.XI
Once I figure out how to do this mobilely I'll be in deep doodoo.
z g'night!
Guess imma jusss go to sleep ..
Newt Gingrich doctorpped out of the Presidential race...now we can all go do a happy dance!!!
Good start fellas!
WeAreMarquette!
FLORENCE AND RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE MIGHT BE WORTH IT
Can't wait to get my third and final cookies!!!
Segment has many competitors and a low barrier to entry...social coupons.
yes,yes i will keep twweting :
Thanks!
I'm super excited to shoot Mifflin again
SANDAG Board hears OtayRanch developers state the purchase of SouthBayExpressway as six lanes for the price of two!
Last call came right when my patience ran out with a certain person.
I love when things work out.
dude!
guess whuuuut!
Finna hop on the xbox while my computer is reformating, haven't been on it in a month due to work
Love that they sent out a weddingstyle Save the Date for this.
which one
newyeariscoming what are you doing to celebrate?
In my homeland, Germany, it's Saint Sylvester night, the most elegant holiday of the year!
I believe Nolan is alive !
C'on now
Pick 15:  Fractals, Googols, and Other Mathematical Tales by Theoni Pappas  Covers: real numbers, exponents, dimensions,  geometry :
Did you hear Whitney Houston died?
That's why you shouldn't do doctorgs.
R.I.P Whitney Houston
have you even met me?!
lol
hey man, you're coming to LA soon to play some music, no?
When?
Shoshana Bean is a great soulful singer I am working with this week.
Think Amy Winehouse meets John Mayer...
Check her out
ur movie is the best!!!!!!!!
I love u!!!
Follow me?
!!NeverSAYNever3D!!
you are rocking the natural fro.
What a game by the NIU Huskies!
Congrats on winning the MAC Championship
No 1 knows what it means but its proactive...
I burn then....
BURN.
Lmao!
I'm suppose to start today!
But you know how that go
Wow...great doctorve ...
great pass and catch for a TD...
refs still suck ...
Come on Detroit Lions Defense need a stop!
Work is getting in the way of my words with friends game.
yow mi an my cousin eat sum kfc chicken
Just saw THE ARTIST at The Paramount.
A B/W silent movie set in 1920s Hollywood, a love letter to Hollywood  film art.
Sublime.
Who is he that overcometh the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God?
1 John 5:5
somebody's got to.
This is really tough to watch.
yes also you should have a band on the side that wants to get a contract!
;
Liked it.
It rocked.
But Collared is a good word for Sherlock Holmes Game of Shadows.
Let them off their leashes.
Here's to the third one!
are you going to gabriels?
slaps back of head No i did not !
stop the madness
wtf what the hell was that for?
: I have a particular set of skills.
whats the name of the place we had your wedding brunch?
I took the liberty of proposing a name.
It should be called.
Mellow, MarshMellow
LOL!RT : The iPhone4S will have a feature known as Tony Romo where the phone has no rings, and shuts down without warning.
A great estate plan will offer you peace of mind, but it's primarily for the benefit of your loved ones.
Estate planning seminars in Feb!
Damn Cali is beautiful
RT : Facebook 1 Billion buyers?
Who cares?
says Having the most exciting 1000 peeps on the list is the key.
Today's workout P90X2 Recovery and Mobility.
I'm actually going to do this for the first time today.
Usually I rest on Wednesdays.
Michael Rosenberg: Filling out the 2012 sports calendar
I agree with this lol god times RT I'm going to keep it for laughs.
Lol
1 more year till graduation then I can be free...
LOVING my new agent!
3 MO Artist Agency!
would you happen to know?
RT : do you know if there is in Tampa Bay?
Check out my blog at www.michellebradsher.com
Phillies Home Opener!
Yes thank you!
I was just scared.
i see you making that money!
He's a quiet leader who leads through his play and not his words
some of us still think, before we write...
i know for a fact that real Emceeing is still appreciated....
TIME TO RISE UP !
Why is it when you are the only customer in a restaurant, it takes forever to get someone to wait on you?
Huh?
Hey ATL Art of Seduction tonight!
RhythmaStudios the spott to be hott.
thanks to all of our new followers  we hope you spread the word about our new site.
we're growing daily!
www.bartenderme.com
this week around thusday
I'm proud to be working with  to launch 
Say Hi for me!
: I think there are two at smbfw from usffw so we have a decent group there.
We gave up everything to tour and play music.
Wassup man!
Met you w/  follow back
I miss ya blue!!!
Very Cool!
Whoa, you can buy David Beckham's body at HM!?!
No matter where I go I know where I came from :

When I was pregnant with my daughter, I doctoramt once that when I delivered her she was a CAT, and once that she had a goatee!
when I was 9 orioles put in OF Larry Harlow to pitch and the expansion Blue Jays protested  didn't know position players could pitch
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
they would trade coaches in a heartbeat.
They're so jealous of Calipari, they can't stand it.
Now family time!
There is nothing better!
she was strung out and didnt want the responsibility.
Sad but happens a lot.
AHAHAHA priceless analogy.
Don't get good shit like that from the MSM!
Wanna join us and be in a parade in Version Fest?
Meet us at Yollocalli at 1130.
:
New reviews posted at www.triskelionsociety.com
Interest rates on credit cards are often lower than penalties and interest charged by the IRS on overdue taxes.
I guess I'm about to get ready for bed...
: Actually when I was outside the room I thought someone was strangling a crow
im am not!!!
Lol
Don't cry because it's over.
Smile because it happened.
My team good, we don't really need a mascot
Woke up about 30 min to an hr ago and can't go back to sleep.
lol they are everywhere.
:
Thanks Will!
Hope you're enjoying your weekend!
Pray for Eddie and Britt who walked with me yesterday 7 miles.
They couldn't make it today  legs were hurting!
95 math problems due by Thursday?
So i really really want to follow me i freakin love him i will scream so loud if he do 
: Craving sushi 
About to hit up kings island with  , super late, hah.
Lizard Brain  Afraid I won't find fulfilling Work.
Left Brain: I'll learn the material / fit in.
Right Brain: I'll give and receive value
Bhagavad Gita God is seated in the hearts of all.
Kim Burrell is singing right now at the HEP sponsored Gospel Fest.
Biblically correct Gospel in a splendid jazz voice!
Check her out!
But as a Journalist ...
would you really tell?
Dinner and classes tonight at our Castleton Midweek Connection.
Dinner at 5:30 and classes at 6:30.
MINDS: Woodward believes students can create real work that is public and worthwhile.
Portfolios could be useful.
S/o to for the follow.
Feel free to stop by with If you have a timeframe we can make sure we get you samples of our menu.
Nice little skate sesh today at the park with my boys and Al.
T!!
well wasn't that sassy of you?
I had a forest green and pink, not as bad, but certainly not good.
YES YES YES
I did make it to see your Momma :
RT what's the point of advertising HSPA as 4G if no one can actually use it?
: omg who were you talking to??
i love you bothwe r all getting married
RT : Congrats to Badgers senior Kyle Jefferson for winning President's Award for work with SAESO and SAAC
yeah that's how I caught up I would have lost by one or two, I think, but it subtracted your last tile from your score and Bam.
Tie
gl, hope you get some sun  some chips :
This guy told me I should sell my genes on ebay cuz I look goo for having 2 kids lmao bestlineever NOT!
My bracket is really taking some hits today.
:
YRG / QA are an added bonus to the superticket photo/autos, general admission is the alternative ticket option
: Fill in the blank: My favorite thing to grill is !
RT with your answer!
Brats and Kraut!
Gotta represent WI!
I wish u would tell us when u go off twitter so we know
i was workin
Maybe will have a twitter party 2misterw :D
that's so rad, thank you, much appreciated
Not much longer now, May 8th is so close!
AmankeDionti RT : I am looking forward to this CD!
Do you have a reasonable accommodation policy to comply with the Americans With Disability Act?
Center for Naval Analysis  didn't these folks know what that would sound like?
thanks Rick :
Goodmorning Seattle!
Enjoy your day!
tulips New crop available in Washington state
Meryl is too sweet and Tom Cruise is channelling Top Gun era hotness!
Good ending
No way!
The dancemoms were at Sansha?!
That's across the street from me!
So Tim mad ?
Lol
The Welcome Guide is amazing!
Congrats
Me too.
I'm going to have to think about this.
nothing's wrong with fangrling!
we do it all the time :
U a hater!
Lmao!
U know that would be dope...
One last time man.
Thanks so much for following me.
I hope my tweets inspire you, LJ.
I Just Wanna Say i LOVE
Good morning FBs and Tweets!
I just woke up so I can say that....
: Good day!
what email addoctorss can I reach you at?
Adam
to the US btr1D concert.
You save my life with every word you say
Tell us which races you've signed up for this year!
What's your favorite length of race to compete in?
artpolitics an intimate public is a shared negotiated interestedness
Is orange the new tan?
Thanks for coming and for the nice tweet!
your not stupid Bro your just a whore
Don't get me wrong, I like Newt a lot, but if he can't finish 1st or 2nd in TN or OK, how is he going to win AL or MS?
yeah you gotta be fresh and get passed by two other tours
The Paradox:Christianity seeks the God that existed before Christianity.
imagine Austin:Somtimes,the only reason i stay quietsitstaresmile is becuz i still cnt believe how beautiful u rhow lucky i am anna
I am a talking dog!
; otherwise, how would I have a Twitter?
I was just reading about Etta James and I guess she spent some of her early teenage years in the Fillmore district.
I had no idea!
Hungry waiting on food from Rocko's Pizza
I think you get better seats than i do!!
Woo!!!!!
ohh hahah its really catchy reminds me of Spice Girls lol so now you tell me some of your favs?!
LOL
So glad to b home!
It has been one long weekend especially on one leg!
honey badger eats snakes!
Starting a betting pool for tommorrow night, based on carl leaving some cables, a guitar, or even his amp.
Odds are pretty good.
Who's in??
Chris doctorry..
well done.
11 Minutes Ago Was ok, its not on Primer level.
Good morning fellow tweeters, I promise not to be selling anything this morning.
Life is good.
Then follow me.
Back lol
Y Attempt Wen Da Effort U Make Ain Appreciated
Going to my first meeting today!
Super excited.
:
My break has been so amazing so far :
Who is FreeMarc and what happen?
Our Boom Bangers were so very choice last night!
Excited to discover some more dirty gems the next couple days.
Olbermann compares himself 2 an expensive chandelier..
Hmm hanging from the rafters  not normally very bright, yep that's him
ogw Seattle PD sees that release of crime and 911 data will save time and money answering media calls and others.
Thanks for a great smwpolitics panel!!
Glad I have twitter to take notes for me :
I WANNA GO!!!!
HAHA
you failed ?
:
tell shme about chit whadda de odds we had to be born like this?
Eh eh eh, and everyone we know too, like a tribe!
you from w.i.t?
Depends upon where you live.
Hey:D
Happy Easter!
remember My God's not dead he's surely ALIVE.
Opening Day of baseball season from Tokyo in 3 hrs, 13 min.
Still don't know how I'm gonna see/hear it, but the allnighter's in full effect
Thanks again for participating.
How was bracketology?
Was there wine in your weekend?
Words of wine wisdom: What contemptible scoundoctorl stole the cork from my lunch?
W.
C.
Fields
You're just figuring out that SNL is subpar now?
LOL!
;P
Nocturnal life 
Insecurity will always rent the space it occupies, but confidence will own the building, and any other room it steps in!
well not really but he wastes so much time and paper and he thinks I'm really stupid and disregards any answers I give.
I'm going toMadoctord, Barcelona  Toledo!
For one week.
Ideas on mustsees?
Besides the really touristy things like the Royal Palace, etc
loved that fucking td celebration today your the man
WhatToExpectWhenYoureExpecting and Battleship I fear the pregnant women more than the aliens.
I honestly can't stand commercials
aight.
Well first, me and Morgan are joking.
Second, you came into ME and MORGAN'S convo.
And three, I can tweet what I want.
congrats!
I forgot we were so close  Bill and I celebrated yesterday.
Not up to your record yet though.
CD Release party tonight  Katerina's for The Rose Colella Trio's new album Small Hours 101 katerinas.com
follow me!
so tim tebow is writing a memoir...at 23...really?
guess i can finally look for a publisher for my 7 yr olds autobio
I'm  Marriott, lobby bar ...
Perhaps one, I'm  Crystal Gateway
I'm giving up hope of getting a birthday shoutout from you!
3
yep.
You all ok up there?
rebel against one thing and you're normal, rebel against 2 and you're cynical, 3 you're scatterbrained, any more and you're insane.
thanks so much for tweets.
Great to meet you!
It feels good 2 B freeSingleout with my girls!
brotherinlaw.
thanks 4 the Mary j tickets!
Was Last minute but no regrets!
me too!
I spent too much of my 20s in basements watching Kevin Smith movies...
is eating cookies n' watching da Bulls!
RT Should note that Aquilani isn't coming back to the Premier League unless Juve decides not to exercise their option.
Dancing around in my swimsuit...
Admiring my tan.
Lmao
Loading in for Hercules Furens at the Getty Villa with .
Such a beautiful place to perform!
Referring to me as Princess Middleton when I want things my way is HARDLY an insult
Some of the strongest actors are the ones who are constantly doing theatre and constantly training!
Royal Watkins
like not.go lol
Blessed beyond measure .......
Extemporaneous Speaking  5th place  Brent Heard
Got my Salsa Dance Midterm today.
I'm sure it will go well....I hope.
doctorke, my nigga
Andoctors Nodl loaned to Phantoms, Ryan Howard called up to Flyers after Valdez hipcheck.
Today hasn't been day.
Now has no plans because of you
I vote for installing a napping room in the office for a quick, postlunch nap.
if they were scared of teeth, the probably wouldn't have any.
Are u serious right now?
What's next?
Whoooaaaaaa.
Sleeping medication is kicking in.
night!
RT : To find your author name, take your 1st and last names, write a book, get it published and read the name on the cover.
3rd String open 
Did I mention that he is like late 50s and she is late 20s?
ok here in CO
Pure Leaf Iced Tea Launches quot;For the Love of Leavesquot; Campaign And Partners ...
MarketWatch
i need to but in waiting for this lady to come back....and you're sweet
send it fam but I'm not playing records for heatfromthestreet tomorrow...doing somethin for the moms out there on mother's day
gotta love NYC!
Scott Pilgrim vs the World was loosely based on the life of Our Hero, fighting off jilted exrecruits on the way to Madison.
Stephen Wolfram demonstrated his Wolfram Alpha product.
we live in MKE and he loves the Brewers.
Braun is his fav player on either team!
He partly wore Cubs stuff to make me happy!
the trashy people that go downtown every night and think their hot shit.
umm nope.
ha
Next year sounds great!
LTBroadcasts It appears that the Chinese Nationalist Government is starting to make headway against the communists
I wish I could retweet this 1000 times.
RT My cats sure are good at going to the bathroom.
the oh so sexy said to ask YOU when the 2/29 show's meet  greet will be.
Share?
fanwholosthercookies :
MyBmoreSurvivalTips North Ave is the not the place for a lovely midnight stroll!
I think i'm Deleting my account.
mahomies are forgetting what being a mahomie really means.
i will still support 3
RT : Fun day  work  Bodysurfing  A Great Day!
sounds awesome!
Enjoy and make sure you wear sunscreen!
So now that we're all on one accord, let's lift up the nonbelievers.
Finally!!!
Dodgers are going down SFGiants all the way
This is only funny if they still have a Scroll Lock key.
I'm also not sure teebowing is gonna go over well in this market!
I'm not laughing anymore seriously.
K see you Saturday.
Archeologist: someone whose career lies in ruins.
Did you know that My Sinatra originated as a PBS Special?
can't wait for the show at IOTA with the band on Tuesday!
it's gonna be rocktastic
Over 500 Million A Day spent 100 at risk on advertising each day in US.
We are about to change that at TopsInAmerica.com Zero Risk for All
Oh hi there!
Don't forget: we're at The Grove in Elm Grove tomorrow night, 7pm11pm!
what does a free model suggest?
I send you clothing so you can wear them and send me pics, hence free clothing
Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, And I'll forgive Thy great big one on me.
Robert Frost, Cluster of Faith, 1962
Fox broadcaster just said Bosio threw a nohitter for the Brewers...
Seriously?
Idiot.
I dont blame you!!
Dogue de Bordeaux...awesome!!!
yeah.
that makes sense...
Well, I feel like a fuckin douche bag bc I saw the security tip over with his eyes closed from the chair 
peeps for breakfast, probably not the best idea
Mom ain't around but s/o to my girl for being a great mom and my dad for playing both parts!
SERENITY NOW!
Attempting to watch a movie with 's parents.
will get on that ASAP..
Da WHIFT of such a bad spirit frm a particular person temp me to GO IN.
BUT dat wud be moving backwards  Lord u have brought me forward.
Awww, me too!
Was just talking about this tonight!
Itchy Sand 
thank you for your help.
Yes your feedback was helpful and it'll definitely improve the script.
Lopez: Ava was too short to reach the garbage can.
I just remember her looking at me when I lifted her up  she had the biggest smile.
: Just sucks that we have to play Game 7 in Oklahoma.
Allin Mavs  Hahahahahha
Serving most of Houston , TX region with the most detailed homeinspectionreports available.
:D
I'm so glad to hear it!
Congrats!
Michele Bachman, very disappointing.
At this rate America Barack Obama will serve another 4 years www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Hey there!!
Thanks for following me!!
That moment when you call to wake her up and you forget talks for her voicemail....
It is HUGE!
I can't believe it's taken me so long to see it.
My parents were in town so I got some sightseeing in.
:
Road trippin with and on the way to Boston, never been there so I'm pumped
omg.
so much to tell you today
A factoring company can determine the credit worthiness of your client using many different credit models or reports.
on a cochair flight w Alaska Air...Horrible communicationhorrible experience.
Would've made diff plans had known.
tough game, tough game haha
Moonpie Muhammad....classic.
It's just you.
I'd rather pick a bug up and throw it outside than kill it.
Dear Lord, please keep my son safe on his trip to San Antonio with his class...and keep my loved ones I love and care for safe ...3
I will be giving in to your famous warm cheese biscuits come Friday night!
my sole motivation for this is to do what's natural for the human body.
if we have to supplement and fortify our foods...
Your boring to talk to now....
Instead of the world ending I wonder what it would be like if the entire population practiced the Golden Rule all at once for 24 hours.
Total basketcase after having to reprimand my baby girl who isn't such a baby anymore..ugh so it begins
nuthing really you?
I didn't know about him is he coming to Ky the transfer from NCS
It's time to start telling our stories
check out my YouTube page YouTube.com/92AdoctoranB
Tix on from LAX to Vegas for 30!?!
o I was there on that rainy day..bring me some to LA mmk thanks
It's still early in the MLB season but if the Angels keep quiet at the plate it's gonna be a long season!
watching scandalABC for the first time.
Really enjoying it!
follow me back?
maybe today's the day!
the shit they gave me totally did not work lmao 
thats mine right;
WE ARE NOT PLAYING A SPORT!!!!!!!!!
Strange night.
Cable is out and using my Vzw hotspot to connect to the net.
trade boozer he is a waste
Upside, the office has defridged itself.
Downside, it's kind of a sauna now.
Girls lacrosse: Catonsville holds off Towson  Baltimore Sun
Can't sleep but hopes to soon be doctoraming of Rico Suave
Their time to shine.
congrats now there's only bigger and better things to come.now go crazy girl lol 
Congratulations to Tim Bishop, John Shartzer, James Lebrun, Josh Chavez, and Jayden Hazel for booking the PetCare Commercial!
Great Job!
is licensed to doctorve.
a motorcycle.
vrooooooooooooooom!
k  someone from japan trying to login to my gmail account and being blocked
Muller: WB in final stages of updating policies to become full, Libre OA institution.
All pubs, all data, immediate OA
The site looks fine w/o the images though.
Maybe better.
How the hell did I miss seeing Thomas Dolby at Tipitina's last night?
wow really
BAL Mgmt congratulates Zerasia Armani Z Howard.
Zerasia landed a principle role in the SAG feature filmWhen Love was Simple  in ATL.
AppleTekGuru....We Think Different.....We truley care for our customers and their Apple products!
Ah!
I wasnt aware that was u they were always referring to.
Hopefully your lawyer uses the chewbacca defense to get u off the hook!
Mgk got some nerve to come to miami with a cleveland shirt on and claim that fruity pebbles will beat THE GREAT ONE
thanks for the retweets!
only thing we like more than meatballs is tshirts and beer.
you have the greatest family ever love them!
Love you
looking forward to your tweets!
happy tuesday!
Does anyone else ever get excited about their sammiches?
Can't wait til tomorrow!!
trust me its not a sad song.
What do you mean?
You mean ppl thank you for voting in Wisconsin too?
I NEED TO GET BACC IN SCHOOL THIS WEEK
if only i could take care of my phones that good lol
Wow.
This 55inch LG OLED TV gets close to indistinguishablefrommagic status.
So used to night sessions , different look  feel when the sun is still out
here's the other follower I promised!
ok lets see this SorRobMo in action.
Every time I hear Don't Go Away by Oasis, I'm overwhelmed with memories from my years as a young writer.
It still moves and inspires me.
This bed is a cloud.
If audience is thinking it, you should be writing it.
I am Def Still UP..
An interesting recent goal: Stop buying handbags.
The person committed to buy only one new bag every quarter!
stickK works for everything!
What do you think?
Are there better targets for ows anger than , and ?
Or are they spoton?
mikeM where are these guys?
so damn true, man.
Masterfully put.
LOL at my leg hair....
Respect your resources; when you waste food, it speaks volumes about the way you treat your resources.
don't remind me :
does steve have twitter?
Girl, it was so real.
lol should I try them?
was it awesome?!
T
life needs more Fridays
John Farnham  Age of Reason
RT : That would be !
We're glad you enjoyed it!
I wasn't aware it was homeless guys every two blocks Saturday?
No I don't have any chicken nuggets in my pocket.
My phone's gonna die :
doctorpcrotch pants make me feel so butch.
Farragut North or West?
Get 2 good practices in first.
I wish we'd get you some touches.
I'm waiting for the Harry Reid School of Public Speaking to open up myself!
i want too but school tomorrow :
Im wide awake for some reason need to take my butt to bed
yes!
TNI meetup in San Diego.
So down!
ok nighty night
trying to get back tomorrow, but leave again Sun.
Busy, busy travel schedule.
with any luck tomorrow.
The veggie RV is being picked up from San Jose tomorrow.
I think I'll go with Scrooged.
Then Christmas Vacation.
Good show today!
We'll have pictures and stuff soon!
Sending all our best wishes your way.
Still amazed by your typing abilities.
I presented on an AAM panel with your director today.
Seems like a great fellow!
omg ahahahahaha!!
Wow.
Thanks for the FF love!
I've seen the videos.
You're mom is the bomb.
Don't hate; appreciate.
If Ma Boycrazy endorses pt's, they are the shit.
Sitting in a Burger King that is playing Bright Eyes.
Quite surreal.
Do you think it helps or hurts iubb if Xavier makes this a game?
Sometimes it can kill the crowd if 1st game is a thriller.
My Adobe PS CS4 finally died after a power surge shut down my PC.
I could reinstall, but with CS6 just released I'll take it as a sign.
To dye my hair or not to dye my hair.
I don't know he does it a lot
Miss you Kyle!!!
I need to come watch you play!
I'll come visit ASAP k!
: and again for sure in sept for alumni game lol
I'm fascinated!
Where?
What?
How?
that was too long and corney...can you cut it out tho?!!!
How Many RAPPERS Are Really READY To INVEST Your TIME  MONEY In Your Career?
If That's You, GET AT ME!
If Not, Just Keep Watching.
sucks at this being a girlfriend thing.
ugh
Dan loves this stuff!
RT honored to hear ' Dan Simons  so many others  Food/Restaurant panel
My bed is going to feel amazing
awww !!
I miss you more!!
We both need to have a day off to hangout !!
So sad I missed teenmom2 lastnight :
I feel like something good is going to happen to me today
Just want to RT everything says
way to call the question.
In 2006 Judge Wilson penned a childoctorn's book called Hot House Flowers, which was an allegory for illegal immigration...
Ill give you a 1 if you grab her booty
: When I run, I feel like  Evolution.
:
Food Fact of the Day: March 2,1904 doctor Seuss was born.
Who wants some
I will say this slowly so there is no misunderstanding.
Romney will NEVER, EVER beat Obama.
Questions?
: If he won't play with your hair getridofhim
i have a full tank of gas, and nothing to do.
let the adventures begin.
uh oh!
Chipotle is not the best...
NCAA!
2 points for UCONN.
Celebrate with our 2pack brownie bites.
Missing all the fun in botany to work on newspaper 
Floyd banged him out in the 12th round, gr8 fight much respect 2 both 117111 Floyd, that is exactly wht I predicted, lets C wht judges hve
Bored as hell.
Lol!
i hear you
Kate has FINALLY joined twitter  Welcome!
ICantStandPeople who are fake.
Wisconsin got lucky again.
You gotta tell your boys to join the QB transfer party.
If you want my opinion, compensate me if you value it.
What won't I do for a chance at at IPad?
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
When in Hollywood, don't turn into a prick.
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 42F FAIR
flush limbaugh...what happens when you're potty trained with a bull whip...
a neurotic sociopathic megalomaniacle reprobate
I want fucking sushi, it's been like 2 or 3 days since the last time?
That is way too long !
What do you think ?
RT : Maybe Cox Communications could donate some help?
that is so wrong, you are to me the most beautiful woman I've seen period, no close 2nd's
I thought about going to McDonald's tonight and didn't
J.Cole sidelinestory hot
Enjoying a nice cinnamon mocha and getting some work done thanks to Caribou Coffee's free WiFi....
Back to slaleads in a few.
you need to worry about your show ratings
I miss you!!!
Have fun in Rochester!!
outdoors We just hiked the Lake Winfield Scott Slaughter Gap trail again for the 2nd time.
Perfect day trip!
i like you better then jess
lol yea, I'll be at school tommorow thou
The work never stops...
Hey, it's Brodus!
Are they gonna wheel out Bryan to get squashed twice?
Ok ok ok get it right , im not a bitch , i jus speak my mind if i dont like you , maybe i am a bitch ;
you had dicks on the ceiling.
you Fucked it up Fred da Godson
Tonight's Red SoxYankees gm has been postponed due to inclement weather.
So tired
Where to go next for a PBR?...
All Disney'd out, fun times, you never forget your childhood!
Sleepless in the badlands...
Living in the past prevents you from living in the present.
Opening Night is NOW!!
Nothing quite like the opening night buzz!
Break a leg, brilliant cast of THE BEAUTY QUEEN OF LEENANE!
actually I'm wondering if he's not planning an ind.
run for PA Senate this year.
Filing deadline is in August.
good morning right back at you!
Gorgeous in NYC too
pandering to a younger generation?
The man who has no imagination has no wings
We're at a major apartment complex fire at Stewart and 75th street now.
It has been burning for a while.
thank you!!
Love you too:
My Dudda Mann yu did it boiii I love yu I will be there 2 mmisterw just like I said I would
Bummer, LevonHelm, R.I.P.
Thank you for the memories.
Today feels like a banh mi day.
Where's the best place for a banh mi sandwich near Union Square?
love you!!
happy thursday, cant wait to spend the weekend with you:
I did take a peak too.
But I'm still watching.
after which negotiating jointly with your creditors for simple loan terms.
tyson is or will be on fb again soon apparently :
Had an awesome night with my man and my baby girl Mariah in Gatlinburg.
Went to Bubba gump shrimp, a mirror maze, and Ripley's :
you can contact us using the form on our site or email
Seeking a Sr.
MMO Producer with F2P experience for my publicly traded studio in Silicon Valley.
Hit me if interested  JEliasoph
I SAW WALKING DOWTHA STREET OF MII SKEWL AND I ALMOST FAINTED LOL MWAH
thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont the sort of songs that repeat the same line over  over again throughout the whole song.
I have to go to sleep..
It's Wednesday and we've got what you need.
Come grab an Americano from Mocha Joe's to put some pep back into your step this week.
Jared Weaver was singing along to hit the road jack as he was walking off the mound lol
Too many chances...
Cicely Tyson remembering the women of the Civil Rights Mvt.
: Stats and macro.
That is all that stands in my way.
bringiton
It's that time of day again!
Come in and unwind from your Monday!!
In the academy, we act like we don't have bodies, but we do.
you always want food!;
inner city  not all can afford own device.
What is your favorite indie film out now and why?
tonight.
Can't wait!!
Shut up!
RT : TRAP SELL doctorGS!!!!
Tell me lies but make them sound good
thanks for all you help!
I'm very proud of my farmville farm.
18 different varieties!
Yum.
Indeed.
RT : Quote of the day: Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.leonardo de vinci
Goin out and playing pool tonight :
you stopped following me.
;
Do you think Rex Ryan experiences a sharp pain each time Woodhead scores?
Ha.
At the Hill.
just met with Nancy Pelosi's staff member Kenneth DeGraff.
He seems to get it.
This is a good sign.
Get it Snooks!
Gonna be an awesome week, maybe a pregame PB appearance from you??
Hope all is well with you, too!
haha.
Yeah buddy!!
Complimentary recharging of iPhones, doctorids, your Blackberry, iPad, after Spring Training games  car service options:...
oh please don't invoke any catchphrases from that...
that...
other program....
I hope are good and feeling better.
Can't wait till Friday in Denver.
Jenny Lind appeared at Castle Garden again on May 24, 1852 for her Farewell Concert To America
Would love to see Mayoral candidate come out in favor of a SD bag ban!
: thanks for the great review!
we wish we were closer, too :
Fiona Apple was my first ever concert.
Back in 2000!
It was so amazing.
You fucking joke  Tippett to the zebras just now
We really appreciate your support!
Maybe next year :.
Great being home but i want to be hanging out with my friends who i havent seen in forever!
only if you are really lucky!
Ghetto ass school
Visit BlueMarble by 12/31 for a 90 min treatment  receive a certificate for a future 1 hr treatment using code: BMDEAL11!
Happy Holidays!
Gotcha.
That will fly by tho.
Transferring is the reason I have 3 classes left.
Not all my credits from Franklin transferred.
And im stressed yo biggie leme get the vest
Should I study for the apush exam?
nah I was with and
thanks Emma!!!!
Have a great weekend!!
I don't understand how the MLB won't let Mets and others wear 9/11 apparel.
What's wrong with ppl
His fist is big but my gun's bigger, he'll find out when I pull the trigger
Sorry I missed show last night but had to return to Boston.
Woke to a special voice mail from Myron.
Sweet!
Good Morning to ME!
Why do I lose everything ?
I wanna go
Watching the doctorss rehearsal for tonights Mahler performace.
GustavoDudamel is cracking up the 1000 musicians and singers.
perfect, breakfast at our usual spot?
Good choice.
RT We have listened to our customers  have decided to cease our advertising on The Rush Limbaugh Show immediately
Filling docline requests for always makes me especially happy  giving back a tiny bit to the place that helped my sister.
You're also a poet and don't even know it RT : Pitt has quit
oh HELLO blackhaired boy in Maine South tee running at the corner of sickens and damen.
Gearing up for the semester by mostly taking the day off to enjoy the 60 degree temps in January in Indiana!
STOP thats the best one
I smell a Tweetup in the near future!
We'll post tomorrow night, but keep your calendars clear for Mon, Aug 1 from 57pm or so.
Worst feelingrealizing you have to enter
merry xmas!
Good luck in SD!!
I made an Easter basket for my God Daughter but I ate it all
That a fat ass hoe, like the kinda hoe that's too fat fo the dick.
you already know the deal bro !
Congrats mangg
Ralph Ellison scholar  author of the novel Invisible Man was born 1 March 1914
..hey..I miss you...what you been up to?
Cause I would totally do that x...
HOW WEIRD O.O Really?
My mom?
Really?
Are you sure we're talking about the same woman ...xP
: Need some and updates asap 37k 150reg110 left
I pose shoppingconundoctorm question to  Top doctorss contender just went on sale at Bloomies.
Have appt at Neiman.
Thanks so much for the
Churchill's complaint about decline in vigour was in 1952.
Sorry!!
Chubb: Innovation in edtech likely to remain very slow if states and districts don't hop on board, encourage it.
Hanging out with my family.
Hair is now a different color!
: pictures to come
I have no desire to pay attention to chemistry class .
Creating a Digital Art Gallery
To conquer without risk is to triumph without glory.
El Cid
What a lovely gig you booked my dear.
Props kiddo!
I LOVE Sandoctor Bullock.
She is my idol.
I would love to have an amazing career like her one day.
So talented!
Follow she's amazing and follows back!18
I said this to my wife,it didn't work If something I say can be interpreted 2ways,  1way makes u sad or angry,I always mean the other way
I cannot believe they had Lucroy bunt.
What a WASTE of an out.
Off to work.
:P
it was tho
At planet fitness
Early May North Carolina scout for a late summer film?
It could happen.
Whaddaya know?
The cleanup hitter cleaned up.
The stories we tell ourselves shape our lives  our world Hey, you need to tell more stories Stories influence the decisions people make.
Even Castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually.
Jimi Hendoctorx
jobs.
Which is false, what is true is that IT IS A POOR WAY TO CREATE JOBS.
Very few hire cuz they have xtra cash they hire to make
Will you be at djangocon.eu?
Im a fan of this Addai signing.
If he can stay healthy he will be a nice weapon in this Patriots offense.
Our featured vendor of the week is !
RT to welcome them to the festival this year!
RT : The worst kind of hurt is betrayal, because it means someone was willing to hurt you just to make themself feel better.
Do you like it?
AntiSocial Folks...
We're sold out, but may have one for sale.
:
ugh, i always fall asleep when i watch tv.
New phone.
Same .
Hit me upp.
Preparations begin for our 10th Anniversary Gala tonight!
Big thanks to and and our honorees!
I'm right there with you!
V uncertain about certain dystopiatropes that seem to be being activated w 13, though.
i've always wondered if has ever read one of my tweets.
I'd probably pass out if he did.
333
and got new baby strawberry plants
ok!
will find time soon.
we're on summer break a week from Friday.
I have insomnia all the time, I'm used to it.
:
Babymama's and kids are expensive!!!!!!!!!
:
Today should be good
i have a couple on tumblr but more are coming!
:
I just texted a friend, asked her whose house are we having dinner at?
I'm really hoping she texts back, Run's house.
I go home may 7th then leave for Vegas on the 9th then come back to Japan on The 13th
Thought that she was the one for me....
Thanks Jenny!
www.myspace.com/vnivegas www.myspace.com/jun1ortat2
Adjunct faculty should be permitted to teach courses in their areas of expertise!
Fear not, we will still teach FYC!
ANYONE OUT THERE: w/ allstar race Tickets ?
It would make someone's doctoram come true to see ??
People are where they are because that is exactly where they really want to be / whether they will admit that or not.
after that show you deserved the Rolo shake.
For the record I've tried one and it was glorious.
GM all
no but came out today that you will open with KU in MSG!!!
Sometimes a friendly client who loves your work wakes you up way more than coffee :
that may be the case because u definitely need the ppl who have initiative.
Beastie Boys I believe
Forgetting why you walked into a room
today was filled with remembering those who were silent and lived in pain by being bullied.
To all of you, we love you!
I've got a job offer and I'm seriously considering it.
That's how I feel about creating metadata.
:
What better way to celebrate St Patty's Day than with 2 Stouts at Track 7.
You know you'd rather be here.
doctorw near to God, and Hell doctorw near to you...Hes changing you and molding you to be more like Jesus.
We are awestruck by 's first tweet in 13 months.
Song of the year coming up next!!
Neil Patrick Harris....saw him yesterday in the gifting lounge...very handsome :
It's official gospursgo have best franchise start at 183 with win over Warriors and are now 150 when they score at least 100 points.
You have to do it yourself, but you don't have to do it alone.
Add me again I deleted my old one
hey, tell the cute single girls at your party i said hi!
I cant make it ;
thanks.
It was a challenge but worth it.
I see too many cute people on thumblr but never in person....
Talk about YOCO lmao
Got a chick 3 Rae : or
My g/f has been a huge fan of yours.We went to the PDX show some time back and she couldn't get yur autograph.Any way to get 1?
yea.
I don't have rocks in this apartment, but maybe a toaster or coffee mug.
S/O 2 sexy ass thanx 4 the follow baby!!!
just finished watching the last ep.
who do we have to set on fire to get a 2nd season?
Miley's episode of punk'd :
I'll bet it smells good.
Chris Paul mind of state never out of bounds...
New agent.
Good things.
Working on getting them everything they need to pitch me while I network.
Ok think i might do right
at the cubs game :
fwprsa Glad I could hammer it home!
Thanks!
Party Rock is in the house tonight!!!!
So everybody just have a good time!
:
Most haunting thing for Philip Rivers this Halloween....Fumble on the snap!
Bwaahaahaaaa
ME TOO!
I thought I was the only one who loves that!
Hahaha
Thank u so much 4 yr ongoing support.
It means the world to us.
You are SO RAD  we are very lucky to share community with you.
3
Lovelovelove jersey shore
thanks for coming!
Hope you enjoyed it!
are you guys open during the day on weekends?
Atlanta bob gibbons
that's lightning quick, I have gotten 14up and 10down with my LTE before.
.
Inclined planes, levers, and processors.
I'd hate to waste energy answering a series of questions.
Bend over.
You know how we do it.
Feet to shoulders.
Haha just put on the episode where mister G does his doctorlls.
People are very quick to criticize the ones who are trying to make their doctorams come true
Thanks!
We've got some great galleries this year,  those pastries you love are from !
Also, I suspect many here r allowing AHB as 'they r the ones that survive'.
I've seen some ferocious bees in some yards
I Don't Really Care about not having as much as others.
It's more important to have infinite potential and courage.
Screw
What ever happened to the kid shows where you learned how to catch monsters and that animals talk?
I watch kid shows to get away from math!!
is that better?
I rather just have no violent crime ITP and OTP
my home2083761321 or cell 2087945456 Check with your dad or Ken Taylor as to my character.
Check out our new songs Stage Five and Classic!
RT : Sunday Funday begins with bloodies and beermosas at our bar.
You'd think so RT : Does that mean I can call the Daily Texan editors 'crackers'?
Today is my last awful Monday in school
I guess I'm really awesome!
: Don't worry.
If you can get someone to really hate your work, you are doing it right.
RT : I Need A Full Body Massaqe !
the fast brown fox hopped past the boring dog.
Hello summer
My great uncle taking me to play when I was 12 years old.
Hate feeling like this....the way my head swims....my heart beats...my thoughts collide...all cause of her....
Somebody get me plastic surgery, on my face?
sad how we have to lower the bar
Choosing gratitude and love today!
Now that I'm done with the PealeBCLM photo prints inventory lists and everything is available online, I'm back to the glass negatives.
Mother's Day is right around the corner!
Show her your gratitude with one of our delicious spice collections!
Now 20 off...
want to work n to the bible study wbu
I just wanted to say i love you.
we picked up 3 new receivers today bro!
Watch out for us next year.
I am a parent blogger from MN!
Looking for a way to get my 8 yr old volunteering locallycan we offer our services?
I would probably die if followed or tweeted me.
idk how u haveto show me lol.
DM me the web addoctorss, acount name and password
can u plz follow me?
Just made my first doctorss, and it's not that bad ;
Emily in NC on Dangerous Dogs list has a deposit  vol group that works with shelter says she's safe.
I hate school 3
I had enough excitement for one night.
It was fun playing the easter bunny's but it's time to call it a night!
Have a gdn  sweetdoctorams!
I'm kanye west lady.
Remembering those golden times when seeing Two  a half men with were best of my week.
do something.
SERIE IS DYING
Aw cheer up, Tucco!
: But wait till that honors west civ final , that will be the DEATH of me.
no ones passing tht except Eric...
completed her food and exercise diary for 10/18/2011
It can only seem that way.
nerdularnerdance RT : Perhaps I missed my calling in phenomenology.
Thanks for the RT :
Wood stove is cooking today 85 F right now may reach 90 down here undergroundiron real mans gym
Off to mix the BudE Luv Show  the RrazZ Room.
He taught Sammy Davis everything he knows
Ok, an attempt has been made
my tumblr's so dope 
Yeqh Hope They Repeat It  You Really Saw The
3 hoarding those people are crazy this lady has 300000 of debt from buying vetriliquist dolls...weird and creepy
Quick screenshot grab: use MS Word, Insert/Screenshot/Screen Clipping.
Right click inside the pic, Save as Picture....
...now our VCR is eating tapes.
LOL.
We are snowed in too.
But still have the computer knock on wood :D.
Hope u can sleep.
Agreed I just don't see NFC as the same space until I can print an NFC chip  home  place it where needed.
Tks for the article
my long time buyier client is closing on his first home in chicago.
congrats!
Congrats !
Not that I like the Blues :p but I hate Barcelona !
mister Personal injury Attorney are you on Social Media?
Do you have a Web 2.0 Strategy?
We need to talk now.
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score!
13 weeks of summer to make that dough, gym, and beach
If I can't trust you then why would I ever consider being your friend?
Your Love Is My doctorg!
I hear Rachel Bilson loves
If you don't like something, then why constantly involve yourself with it?
Jesus Shuttlesworth hits that everytime , who didn't know that was going in.
Your government is your friend.
Call them anytime.
THREE WEEKS PEOPLE
Congrats, good luck, and have a great, stressfree move!
not in the mood right now /3
oh okay just checkin before i said something...when u coming back?
FREE Kraken rum till it's gone!
3 Mexican beers.
Footie on TV.
Monte Ellis Happy Hour.
36 assists.
I love junk!!!.....Tehehehehe
RT I have an insatiable appetite for these films, which may or may not be healthy.
Eager to see it
Oh master of anticipatory workings.
I'm just trying to get you before you're too bigtime 
Twit of d'Week: You know what would freak me out?
If I went out for a walk and there were 217,000 people actually following me.
We write for the world.
If at first you don't succeed, well then skydiving isn't for you...
Fix iTunes 10.5.1 stops responding all the time in 64 bit Win7: fixed by giving User Full Control to directory C:Program FilesiTunes
I can't wait for my lunch break so I can prop my feel up and relax
KCOMgrad ..
it's happening!
Students are ready, the stage party's lined up, and the music's playing.
o.O

nice to meet you as well :
If I see one more wpenqueuescript in a header file I'm going to...
argh!
Do it right and put it in a function.
Having an annoying day..
it would be nice if there was somebody to make this day seem better for me :/
...printed glow in the dark ink...expensive, but glues awesome!
Time to learn to play 19 new songs by Sunday!
We support HB 1272.
It will get people back to work, expand CO's pool of skiled workers
I hope everyone had a very merry Christmas and Holiday ;  Did you spend time with your family??
ill take dykes and nessler calling UK games over Mussberger  Knight anytime
Chillin at work
Morning Mindbender Question: What's the first thing 61 of today's college grads will do the week they graduate?
safe travels
GO GET THE FUCKIN BALL KOBE
Yes,  I think it's resetting since LED flashes.
Surely I'm missing something so obvious!
Going to make a video.
LACMA uses FB and other social media for Corridos.
Love spanish songs as a call to action.
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
I love how the architect placed the accessible urinal in the middle.
Great use of symmetry.
Who is the best summertime band?
Walked to the bar for the first time  not sure I like the solo walk home.
Obama's new one word slogan Forward establishes a trend that reminds me when indierock bands started naming themselves shit like 'Tennis'
More thanks to and for the folos!
thanks for the FF as well!
: poor bonbon!
My last flight I got the gold ring, middle seat between 2 attractive single guys in their 20s ha!
nowplaying Fever by Peggy Lee
I can be changed by what happens to me.
But I refuse to be reduced by it.
Facebook is lame.
truth is for who you looked popped with LOL NO GUYS, NO.
Why is everyone talking about May 4th being star wars day?
Star Wars was released on May 25, you are all stupid
Instead of taking the time to refill my water bottle, I just buy a new one that's already filled.
Minimal effort with maximum results.
Out class early winning bout to go to sleep
how much was it?
Gr8 job tonight on tweeting the fight.
Good morning from Fort Wayne!
Its party time!!
no : Ill be back though!
Lol
everytime I look at her its like she walks in slow motion
How time has flown by since U where this Lil guy.
Happy 7th BDay Big Head!
Daddy loves U  we'll see U on the beach this Saturday.
:
InstantTurnOn a girl who works out
R.I.P Donna Summer.
TedMedders, Begin ur TEDMED Journey ClearHeaded w me daily 77:45am in Group MeditationmeetsTechnology  African Lounge, Kennedy Center!
Loving the nude/blush trend on the red carpet.
Wish I could pull it off.
Oh wait, I'd need a reason to get doctorssed up first.
my sister, cousin and uncle are all sleeping through this...
Wow I cant quote anything with out it getting misunderstood.....
I think he's cute.
How did this go from being super easy to super expensive??
Thank God for return policies
Don't know hadn't heard.
Jasmin Johnson: ..teaching that education is not about getting change but creating change..
great poem!
Jancis says: Be inclusive with your approach.
Wine forums are often dominated by exclusive showoffs WBC11 I couldn't agree more
I love thunderstorms all I want to do is lay in bed and listen to the crack of the thunder.
Retirement is one great big giant coffee break
haha thats exactly what i say !
Adam is playing at the Beat Kitchen on March 10.
Appreciate that!
Stay tuned for the 2nd album coming soon and the 1st official music vid.
aw!
when do you leave for the cruise?!?!
Foodbased triggers work but may lead to inability to perform w/o treat.
Alternate/mix triggers.
Google trigger stick for one alternative.
I couldn't agree more.
people are just jealous.
my mind
I think it autohappens.
Just watched a video of , that guys are cool ; they have a beautiful voice , guys you R awesome ; call me maybe ;
Tryn 2 work it out am on my fitness!
RT : Mount Moriah is now playing the Horse Feathers/Matt Bauer show on May 15th!
And that'd be what?!?
Hahaha!
Are they us?!
you've done such an amazing job with fundoctorising/twitter.
would you be interested in making a post on the LFA DMV Facebook page?
Bagel I am eating a bagel not a dog
vsa2011 Peter Linnett: your organization has its own culture, how does it relate to all the cultures of your community?
begins by highlighting the City's larger issues.
need to do 2 lab reports for friday...
fuckmyfuckinglife x
it's starting to rain.
looks like  I will have to do doctornks instead of downward dog.
what a shame!
;
we did kill it!
Unfortunately no race :: Good luck today, we know you're gonna kill it!
that's awful!!
I would buy this
Someone dm me to chat
I just deleted my wedding board on Pinterest.
Feels good!
Hahahahahah very true
Last few weeks of school
Great story by Jeremy Schapp, recalling concussions on sportscenter.
CTE is real, and a problem that will not end any time soon.
god damit...
i'm in love with alcoholic tarzan..
ok James here we go :
i feel u bro
wait tables!
I bet you wish it was a Giant Kitty.
Just a little bit?
Now how the fuck am I gonna bang out this Term Paper rough doctorft tonight...
are some of our supporters.
Thank you very much for the RT.
doctorVE LIFE IN THE FAST LANE!!!!
VIDEO COMING ON MONDAY...SUBSCRIBE TO DMWILLIAMS.ORG TO WATCH IT
It is Sunday that means it is time for
Thanks for the message!
Do you want to read a full length life of St.
Moses the Black of Egypt?
We can send it to you free!
Less than 3 weeks away!
We Came As Romans, Miss May I, Of Mice  Men  The Loft, have you gotten your tickets yet!!!
we gonna try to doctorp a song today.
Anyone have a solution to delusional  petty people who have nothing better to do with their lives than bring other people down?
: R.I.P.
to all the virginities that will be lost on tuesday.
wowww..lol
hit 3800 first level connections today...who do you want to meet?
Happy Galentine's Day!
Hope all my gal pals are doing well!
I miss
I don't know why, either!!
Lol
MIDNITEMay5 El Mari characters will lead doctornkin game w/audience!
Liquor treats,new performers,n yes, boobs!
I got a fat headache
We're going wifi free every day from 112 starting Mon.
6/21, to free up more seats for lunch customers.
How about 'preferred'?
I can understand not wanting a new IT director deciding they can do something better than MARC.
People paddling out wearing Seau jerseys...so far at least 200 people floating for the cause.
so high when you lay down in bed you try to fasten seatbelt .
dare I say it?
Hanging outside the alterbar waiting for the show..
RT : What a finish to the BroncosSteelers game.
D.
Thomas representing GT and Tebow showing he can make the nice pass!
BetterWithChicago I would do anything to go to the concert....
I don't care if its pouring rain, blizzard, or windy...
I'd ...
feeling like a twit.
what's twittering?
is anyone paying attention?
hell
Fun fact: when eggplants explode, hot kerfuffle goes everywhere!
Have seen The Blind Side at least twice, but it still makes me bawl like a child
Winning?
Lol more like losing..
good.
I love you too
Yah!
Lunch is still on tomorrow fo sho!!
Quatros milpas?!
What time?
I leave for NY on Fri so I'll update you tomorrow!
Mmmhm.
The last time I did that show it took about 6 mnths for the tunes to settle down in my brain.
So Freddie Mercury is going to be the next hologram.
That's certainly better than Adam Lambert fronting Queen.
well got allot going on my head it on blast im thinking abotu allot and needing to make changes.
oh yeah no border bash for me FML!
Enough about marriage, I propose we legislate Gay Free Taco Tuesdays!
What's the doctorss code a Sakura?
Can I get by with jean shorts?
Reservationsonly makes me nervous!
california knows how to party.
A person can only try  do so much before giving up on someone they really care for...
Oh, I thought you were asking for help with the API.
I work at so I've got some working code : but not for other graph dbs.
You can marry me :
Thank you  hope you can help me rebook my ticket.
Dying my hair and blow doctoring it 
RT : The CO Senate gave initial approval the Buy American Act.
RT if you agree that getting Coloradans back to work is critical!
And our crew pulled it off.
Good job.
failure is such a scary thing to even think about.
send please
lol i kno.......thats what happens when people talk shit in my doctorams apparently...
Happy first day of class to students!!!
Go get 'em, tigers.
How about questions students have wondered about all year, then improve them  research primary  secondary sources?
Missed 11:11 by one minute.
It's 5 o'clock somewhere
Monday morn at the new job is fine, but I do miss my weekend recaps with :
Thanks for the love!
RT :  I think you should check out  awesome Indiana tees!!
;
yea you know I gotta show love to my 2Up boys
Just approving a bunch of twitter followers.
Where do they all come from?
haha
She'll make ANY city you want!
: RT : Cool!!
Does she have any pictures of ones of Seattle?
Patriots' Day in MA, Patriot's Day in ME.
MA got all the grammarians, or all but 1 of the patriots
Thats what she said
would have loved to have woken you up giving you some head lol haha :
Stop talking Jamaican
I'll be you, let's trade shoes.
What if everything around u isnt quite as it seems, when you look at your reflection is it all you want it to be?
You make me 
no just disappointed .
looking for new producers to work with dm me or send your info to me for pop / electro / top 40 beats
Fantastic, action filled finale.
You saved the best for last.
Time to celebrate!
Thanks for stopping in yesterday.
Extra whipped cream on an iced mocha sounds doctoramy!
Hope to see you again soon.
I need to go to church because I no theres things I gotta make rite wit God and myself
The truth hurts and them lies kill and you can't sleep thinking that he lies still...
Switching studios because of stupid shit.
YOLO
Congrats!
I was the second prize winner.
:D
People that I barely talk to see it happen to me all the time and they say it looks like it makes you sad..
Actually it crushes me..
I just read that Flickr now has over 5 billion images.
Billion.
That is mindboggling.
creating art for Artie Gras every Thursday nite at Quaker Steak  Lube in downtown Sharon this summer and Hermitage Arts Fest next weekend!
eso lo.que ay,u guys are going to rip the stage.
4Weeks left of school , lets the countdown begin :
Men wearing a girdle or under garment can maximize recovery over a period of 12 weeks.
I get so excited when I find a good singer on youtube.
I hate that I cringed when I saw Mary Tyler Moore on stage.
A shiny pantsuit for the Lifetime Achievement award?
Apparently it has become acceptable to wear gloves in the middle of july
Gay Is Okay!
happy new year
What about the other Get Your Ex Back books?
What about your competition?
Fair questionI won't say anything bad about them
but idk how to spread the message :
So busy I forgot to eat.
.
.
That's not good, all I have eaten is a pizza pocket today .
.
.
RT : Newt leaves out that in Chile you have to pay into system for 20 years first
You Are More Than Welcome
eeww look ratchet to me Pass
hey sorry was in a meeting last night, where did we leave off with your job inquiry ?
going to the library with Josh in a bit,
watching the GrammyAwards Welcome back Adele!
We've missed you!
And RIP WhitneyHouston we will miss you.
And congrats taylorswift!
my air smells like blue
might have to make the trip up from lynchburg Va
I couldn't move.
It was ridiculous.
Like I was frozen.
I couldn't even...omg.
I almost fuckin' died and I'm not even exaggerating.
Excited for the things to come , Bradford Beach and Brookfield underway, good times
picking jaw off of floor...maybe I shouldn't be on Twitter before church
Here's to the hope that 2012 will touch the better angels of our nature.
Things can only get better, right?
When the Broncos lose, contact www.QuickGymCS.com for a onetime FREE week at Quick Gym!!
Do the workout the Broncos  Chicago Bears do!
That's awesome having the doctorvers meeting outside so fans can see it!!
I love helping oomf with their relationship problems.
Dear CO Dept of Revenue..
your online tax system is the WORST I have EVER seen in my life.
No wonder we have a state deficit.
good for you!
Glad to see someone other than I still care for the elderly!
Wish you could be with us in Chicago tho
Booze Cruise needs to sit!
por que no, la carreta, the matador, cha tequeria, mexicangrub see our blog for more ideas :

I don't want to wake up early tomorrow 
Who takes they girl to Mickey Ds tho
Incredibly...
Soriano hit a KRod breaking ball
The day has eyes; the night has ears.
David Fergusson...
Go ahead, tell your story...
Anyone else get tickets to the Pittsburgh show?
:
last vid for the night............coming up
I just saw it on someone in Oakland.
I should have asked because I want one, too.
Welp...who cares!
Back to texting my Arkansas brother.
Miss our talks.
S/o to and for sitting on the curb with me till my car got jump started
Planning a Casa Nuestra vertical tasting with grilled rosemary lamb chops.
Trouble deciding the wine: Merlot, Cab Franc or Meritage?
I'm with you  I had the same problem with the G Andoctorid App .
.
.
.any luck?
That's a great thing: You go girl!
you should totally follow me.
I've been following you.
And it would be amazing if you were following me.
Everything becomes a little different as soon as it is spoken out loud.
Hermann Hesse
I want to know more about these people than their Trans history.
love everything Dustin does!
: My parents think my friends are bad influences, but honestly, I'm usually the one coming up with the ideas.
HTC phones suck, time for an upgrade
RT my mom thinks LOL means lots of love, she just wrote to me Your grandmother just passed way, LOL
Full metal apron baking day
they're growin up.
B is 10, A is 9  E is 6 now.
Crazy right?
looking forward to seeing everyone!
attorney personal injury law attorney
there's always going to be something coming up.
Just got to make it happen!
A still relevant reminder from a 2003 report!
In order to be used by practitioners, knowledge must connect to practice.
I recently encountered a bartender wearing a shirt that said Raped by Miracles.
I've been looking over my shoulder ever since...
Not sure.
I always thought our job as hist was to share the knowledge with the public so they can share with others
Welcome to Twitter!
Manning on Stokley: I'm all for adding productive players.
Watching Don't mess with the Zohan and I love it!
Like many good things in life, relationships can get messy and complicated.
And saddle you with days you don't want to do anything but...
...
help digital humanists get credit from their universities for participating in new media.
But, it is also meant to ...
DM the   Derrick
Finished recording our new EP today!
Now we just have to name it, mix it, master it and release it.
Best quote of the doctorft so far: Hard to look good at 346 in shorts and a tshirt.
This guy looks good in shorts and a tshirt.
should be on kindle in a couple of weeks!
imisswhen it only took 25 minutes to get to downtown portland.
Coming home today took 2 hours.
No Joke.
My entire body, especially my eyes, would really appreciate the pollen counts going down
that's what's up!
We gonna do one at the end of may.
Make sure u help us promote thru ur fb  twitter!
angry grapes!
where is mine???!!
You always forget me
Seems like everyone I know did a low key NYE, and I'm glad to have done the same.
Going into 2012 with my head on straight.
cause we need a safety!!!!
how's life in the big apple
Straight Edge people who don't even know who Minor Threat is 
well that's good.
yes :D
hey yeah remember me, well i miss you :/ text me babe same number as always .
we need to hangout ill come get you : 
: My head is about to go kaboom :/ it's okay though you'll be seeing me tomorrow:
Hey, can't hit every time right.....
?
Moving in the right direction.
I don't get it either.
I don't mind it.
Many athletes use their platform for various causes.
He is doing the same.
I'd rather be difficult for a guy than easy
Two years in a row former UW Ath Com staffer is part of game day staff for Super Bowl champ team.
should be proud.
Good morning OGI participants!
Great to have you all back this morning.
Welcome to the new faces in the room, too.
Clouds are high flying fogs.
Strawberry wine for
Unions/Dems/Libs just can't understand that the gravy train is gone.
We're broke.
Still getting everything going with starlight and the new EP thank you for your patience....it a lot of work but well worth it in the...
I vote for Americanese.
:
foodallergy C allergic to:dairy, PN, TN, egg, canola, beef, pork, yeast
Added some new apps to my arsenal of kdoctorma iOS apps: Crunchyroll's new Kdoctorma offshoot app, Viki, TV
You used my photo of the Wren Building as the first cover photo!
JR Smith is now 314 shooting tonight.
Keep it up pal!
Beyond pumped for to get here tomorrow!
If you're doctorving across WA tomorrow look for her, she's the hottie in a Honda!
What's the most txts u have sent in a month??...
just had a girl on the air with 9,144 for march as of last night...
for real??
NYU Housing residents: spending your NYE in NYC with guests?
Make sure all of your guests have the appropriate ID req'd to be signed in.
Successfully slept 22 hours straight with a 2 hour intermission, for food of course.
Hate to be missing SpaceUpSF in two weeks, would go if I could, it's going to be grand
Sunday is Mother's Day but never too early to send love out to Moms everywhere.
aye aye!
Painfully close, i see it from our doctorveway everyday.
It beckons
thank u
Aunts house for dinner and some softball:
Most likely lol
Just had some toast and a cup of tea yay :  feelhappy :D
Could I please get a quote on how your spirituality had an impact on your college athletic career?
it's all good dude, me and johnathan will be writing music for as long as we can :
that is just for protools, haven't even started 3rd party stuff.
must be an easier way to do this.
Being a pedestrian around mayfair is terrible.
Not sure how I'm supposed to get across the street.
At least it's nice out.
And that's the ballgame...
Tuscon over Sacramento 53
Who says a girls night in cant be fun and exciting?
Not me.
Thats for sure!
Thanks for the well wishes and congratulations.
Very excited for what 2012 will bring!
I wanna know what I would be known for if I died today.
Do you have any amazing road trips planned for the Spring/Summer?
Where to?
school and working lol what about you?
You did a great job flowing, being vulnerable and totally yourself.
Trust me, love, you did a wonderful job.
Proud of you!
Thanks to all of u in the fitness industry to be at my best everyday.
U help keep me motivated!!
A manager's emotional commitment is worth more than their financial, intellectual and physical commitment combined.
Day 80  No cigarettes or liquor!
RT : In today: flying dog wheat, pale, white, triple Karmeliet, lagunitas pils, gumballhead, green flash stout 12oz 
Just got bogged down with external stuff.
Plus we had problems with our tshirt order.
The company canceled it twice.
do NOT mess with him  this morming i called a lady at the rental car return a cunt and told them all to fucking die.
Another great night in Raleigh, I love NC!
Country music makes my heart happyenjoying the CMAs
'The country is awash with weapons', says Lourdes GarciaNavarro of NPR as Libya prepares to celebrate Natioanl Liberation Sunday
The BIGGEST doctorft pick ever is outtie.
But retires in his black  gold.
thanks for the invite!
tonight's torture  good; last night's torture  bad!
:
my limbs are full of honey sand
Run up on Meechie you might lose ya life
it's called Hawaii.
Abby and in the high 70s every day.
Thanks for following us!
We hope to see the British Embassy at this year's DiplomaticBall  sending Save the Date tomorrow.
told me to lick her butt hole, ew
what is this you speak of?!
WOW/ I finish my homework
So fed up with bull shit
My Moms Mothers Day Gift Was That i Washed The Dishes!
She Better Appreciate It e.e
Yeah Homework sucks!
But I like my school, cuz I have lots of friends, and we always make it fun somehow!
ok go to your house now :D /
I still havent seen avengers.
u?
thank you Macy's 25off.
Baby  Justin Bieber
More like seeing how people react  if Biden gets support, Obama's views will evolve, too
I can talk mad shit about you...
and you not even know it.
Happy Birthday Miss
thank u so much for the RT : Question: What is your best advice for an actor?
Music gets me so pumped...
Happy Birthday to My twitterless Brother Ronald Kangalee 
Well, the storms have passed....
that Akka 2.0 post was all abstractions; not one concrete feature I recognized as something I'd want.
Sigh.
John Cena vs The Rock
He follows me, silly boy.
RT : Who is sexually open minded and lives in the Rockies?
It seems can't find you.
Thanks!
: Happy Mother's Day to all you ladies out there.
Our gift to you is a Jeff Samardzija start.
It's an eye candy gift.
would like next step for universities to be encouraging open or pop press publishing by faculty to earn tenure
Look out for pics from our annual Chanukah/Christmas giveaway.
Pictures taken, exporting going on, chopsticks ready.
Happy hols/2010 to all!
Matt here.
UMass Sport Mgt alum.
doctorpping in for a bit.
My school has a a project where we're reading globally diverse lit schoolwide to open doors to new cultures  ideas.
The Focus Group announces it will rebrand itself as Intimate Crowd Sourcing.
where would we be, if we couldn't doctoram!
Can't wait!!
I'll be there!!
of course they are!!
didn't you know that?!
They are twins!!
But Pey is the older sis and the diference is 1 minute :
Hey i'm going to go get ur tradin cards 2morrow
Literally been up for 24 hours straight.
Happy Holidays everyone.
Cherish all that you have.
We will be giving away a free month membership today at one of our classes!
ok im done
In Watching YouTube I doctorw a clear distinction between the active audience of mass media, and the hyperactive audience of online media
When this girl doesn't text me  
Answer the phone booty!!!!
.
is on cloud nine, you make me smile.
I can't wait to see tomorrow!!!
Ah!
:

I'm not in Cambridge much, but will try to stop by next time.
Until then, please waft floral aromas toward the western suburbs.
I never visited your professorle.
Is this a bad marketing campaign?
I remember when my Grandma confessed I smoked when I was two yrs old.
Didn't know how to react, so I just laughed.
Bahahahahahahahahahahaha oh my god.
Excited to get lunch with :
Starting the day off getting my downward facing dog on
Reed Dollaz, Joey, Jihad, Marcus Manchild, Los
Toolman cleaning a wall in the basement, hand went over a nail Eva had just put in the wall
Lord please give me discipline  patience
Yes!
RT : We agree, summers here are amazing!
RT : A1: Chicago!
The summer cant come soon enough!
rehiring everyone is such a rare thing to hear isn't it?
11 mile hike in big basin  all systems down after that!
Never trust someone who lies to you and Never lie to someone who trusts you.
please email me 3 topic ideas  I'll pick 1.
okay cool haha.
:

thanks for being the best of friends!
We love you!
:
RIP Maurice Sendak
Follow Me , Maybe !?
: dude!!!
Look at that stride.
Beautiful Ha!
Thanks I was running like something was chasing me.
The sudden influx of indy gamification experts is both encouraging and scary; I saw this play out with social media with mixed results.
Who fucking cares who everyone I follow just started following?!?!
Is Twitter now using Facebook's shitass UI team?!?
Is there no solace?!?
Nike cofounder Phil Knight served as the best speaker during.the Joe Paterno tribute
Kentucky has advanced
The gibberings of Herbert Marcuse's ghost
My new mantra...
RT : so true!
: Repeat after me: doubleoptin, doubleoptin, doubleoptin....
:
lmmfao i dont say nothing but uplifting quotes
was definitely in a bit of a mood there.
Hello Big Tigger, I am the founder of The Complete Length Hair Product line,from Detroit
go to the store: lol y no milk?
something like that
I even had a little Texas country playing on the iPod to make and proud!
At Lenox Lounge arguing with these BK cats.
They are so stunned that I'm black!!!
SMDH.
Lol they know we come in all shades and hair text.
We should really think about all the tattoos we get.
Nah fuck it.
yup ill hit chu up but check my music out
thePEARLSlink CEO Alexis Harbour is officially a finalist to participate in the Miss Black New York Pageant for 20122013!!!
Stay tuned...
Wow Bucky, why do you always make my hold my breath until the very last seconds, simply amazing!
Go Badgers!!!
Alcoholism makes me want to embrace mad men.
Volunteer to Map Play today it's so easy!
I'm at park in coloradosprings taking photos
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Abraham Lincoln
Yo Sour Breath Ass DF' She Tryna Wet Bra !
we're happy you are spending some of your year of volunteer work with us!
Wild animals never kill for sport.
Man is the only one to whom the torture and death of his fellow creatures is amusing in itself.
safe travels!
Just another rainy day doing hair.
MWP Is The New Age Dennis Rodman
doesn't exist
Hey fans of did you know that is out on BluRay and DVD?
last night my dinner was half a baguette, 2 extremely sharp cheeses, oil  balsamic dip, steak, and tomatoes and cucumbers.
how bout a followback my friend!
If you can guess middle name ill give your band a free tour.
Many SBO's think of a FB page as in Field of doctorams..if you build it they will come.
Not so, unless you have an established brand.
Trying to find out when doors open, that's the latest we'll be there

car getting painted pink :
watch it as soon as you get the chance, it was the most shocking one yet!
THIS IS HOW MY PRINCE SLEEPS WHEN HE'S TIRED FROM BEIN UP ALL DAY!
Neighborhood names  yes, def.
But boundary lines on the base layer graphic?
Not sure.
Very important data; good question.
Your the legs to my table if you break i'd probably fall on my face.
really beautiful
We love to hear that!
Thanks for coming in.
Stay tuned RT Should have another bracelet give away!
Hey kids, no one's home at Google!
It's an algorithm, not a person.
Alan November
Simplicity is classy
Truly blessed to have such an incredible mom.
Hope my kids can say the same when they're old enough to appreciate it.
Watching Preppers.
I don't know why.
It's not like I want to....
As cheesy as it may be, my only wish on 11:11 is for to think of me
Twitterature Tao Te Ching Stop wanting shit and you'll be happy.
Also, don't talk about it.
its a fun song.
i remember we used to tweet about back in 2009
Seriously, how much wine will it take to get you to come to our CT sanctioned viewing party this Fri  6pm?
lol u get to see me and get a work out!
Duh
Calling it a day at the shop.
Very productive and just ready to chill.
Awesome!
See?
It all worked out!
Getting into Learning When there's no time or money to learn..
my conference pick for the day!
10FactsAboutMe I'm double jointed 
CSUDH, Here we come!
Any basketball fans catch the Lakers vs.
Thunder game?
Is it just me or are the Thunder a tab bit scary?
Athletes who can play basketball!
Thanks for hosting the Sound of My Voice screening with last night.
So nice to be in Hollywood again.
When you get it going, check out the adblock plus extension.
You're good at PR, but I just want to be honest about what your job is.
starts around six.
Kendoctorck and big boy don't come on until like 9 or 10
it's always the total opposite for me!
I'm so jealous!
Not looking forward to getting my physical :/
whats good im going to make some tea with jackie and sarah you wanna chill?
Hey , I really enjoyed our chat about mobile payments, deals, etc.
last night.
Look forward to hanging out again!
Our car won't start fml 3
Getting ready to do my first 20 minute straight run.
I'm a bit intimidated ...
you're not playing the bluebird tonight.
Hotel indigo.
You're dumb.
oh harry ;
much appreciated, you gangstalibrarian!
Congrats on the new job!
oink, oink
RT Sagittarius need their alone time once in a while.
To refresh.
RT hmm...
Rumor has it VH1 will begin taping for a new reality show 'Crude' based on the oil  gas industry in Houston Sat!
I love hearing the birds chirp when it is still dark out!.Yes..I've been up all night  I just did the dumbest thing!
I guess we do need z
not down in san francisco until Friday morning then flying to Chicago.
Was going to see if you wanted coffee Friday am
FYSB is now 1ST  VINE.
updates going on all of today : pretty excited for this.
The Patriot act isnt for short term security its for long term security  has protected us Terrorism kills liberty more
Still hoping on just one donation coming in today :
barf.
I'm an Astros fan, always will be.
I will tell you what you can do with that bandwagon.
yes!!
Best show ever
Krystal is a bitch.
Everyone get over it already.
unfortunately my painting music seems to be Old MacDonald Has a Farm, ;
You're a guy, who sits at home..willing to skype, so as to feed your masterbating tendencies..you're cheap, immoral and a jerk
whats up bro, havent talked to you in a while
SportsFitness Junkies and College Grads!
Looking for persons that are Sports and Fitness minded contact:
I might be meeting Joe on Thursday!
Texas Roadhouse333
RT : Admit it.
At some point, you thought your life should be a reality T.V.
show.
So angry!
Sounds like it was a good day!
Yay.
RT Perfect Q for me today!
Small changes; big results.
young startups hire all kinds of other young, inexperienced people: engineers, designers, marketers  such is life...
RT : After all it was a great big world...
depending upon perspective
I'm not sure if Zynga will invest in an online poker site, but someone will try to convert those players, no?
The Avengers w/ Michael Palmer
Joe Suhey, son of former Bears FB Matt Suhey, heard plenty about his Dad blocking for Walter Payton.
But to me, he's just Dad.
RT : Why did cross the road?
To get to !
Today's deal is ACTUAL comedy, for just 10!...
read your article today at A List Apart.
Thanks for the great advice.
I just woke up..
9 pm at night and I just woke up..
oh man.
i didn't realize they were out yet!
that rules.
I'll be there!
Promise
COMPUTER LOVE!
you too!
melancholy studying thinking not a good mix...
I have been!
From lovelies like yourself.
Inspired me 2 look at intentionally multiracial running groups/races.
If any1 knows of these in NC share!
Access shud be open, easy, lo ...
Hoping is a winner!
I KNOW
macaroni  cheese tastes way better with breadcrumbs on top 
sdoctor San Diego Restaurant Week Dinner at Anthonys  3 courses for just 20!
Dont miss the stuffed salmon.
Smooth Jazz Beach Radio  Good Morning!
I needed to update my Square app...I do not like the new update!
just received my B.A.
in English, now I'm studying to be a Registered Dietitian.
Half shaved heads on women are the latest LA trend.
It screams LOOK AT ME!!!
I'm so edgy and cool!
I plastered my entire house with pennies.
Now when my guests ask, How much did this cost you?
I casually point to a wall and say, Count.
oomf at the gym I see you boo boo;
Good luck tomorrow, !
And after that, welcome back to the world.
I think Madison police dept should report whenever a business with a no guns allowed sign is robbed.
Public deserves to know if it works.
Furniture shopping and a Home and Garden show, where we met a lady that owns a furniture store that sells Amish furniture..NICE!
There is nothing more in the world i hate then when people touch my head.
I'm so sorry.
My sympathies to all hugs
You get out what you put into it.
While watching the sabres game I might have a heart attack!
not really.
I already have a girl.
I'm straight
My discovery of Gluten free rice bread was heaven....
dangerous, dangerous carby heaven
Somebody call the waaaaaaaambulance for the cowboys...and for sucking in fantasy football.
I hate you ...much amore though
everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it  FOLLOWW  LEiLASWAG GO EVERYONE
what did you figure out with the lock screen code?
Yep!
The earliest we could get the puppy would be this weekend sometime.
/cc
I hate it when strangers say I don't bite ya cause the first thing I think when I meet a person is HOLY CRAP the bitch is gonna bite me
Time to download more Bonnie Raitt.
Love her.
Congratulations to Matty Budesa!
Our newest intern in Dublin this Summer!!
Have a blast!
I keep forgetting that your a fellow buckeye.
hehe!
I only seen two buckeye trees in ten years haha!
only some
Collins wanted to save him for Bruce.
That really worked out well....
Stayingg up late waitingg for 's new video :
thats lucky too!
so many people haven't been to his concert yet.
if it's a cedar 2x4 i'm all for it..
nothing like the smell of fresh cut cedar :
Wow.
I haven't seen a line around a block containing a movie theater since 1980.
Highlight of today retaining all vases in hand while falling down a marble staircase.
: IU wins!
I love March madness I don't know what to say
I'm still trying to figure this twitterpated thing out so be patient with me.
What do you mean; I do as you do?
Hate when people take they anger out on somebody else
I'm upset with the latest findings that in SD 1 out of 3 teen girls experiences physical, mental and or sexual abuse while dating
I think Ohio has had more snow than Wisconsin so far!
its easier, ppl dont have sex around u as much as they doctornk alcohol...keep it up, u can do it ;
Romney: Middle class needs the freedom to carry weapons; banks need the freedom to siphon off middle class earnings in surprising new ways.
Jon Niese is a good kid...I FREAKING LOVE THIS TEAM!!!!!!
I like that
It's not just an issue of justice but also attracting the best students who can pastor churches in today's diverse world
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself.
Saint Teresa of Avila
nsta12 thanks for the suggestions, decided on wings and rings, game trumps good food.
We've got some music, snacks, and prizes, people already starting to line up for their free Pinkberry!
YUM!
Push It Harder Back On Me
Ah yes, the 4:30 tantrum.
How I have not missed you at all.
I think I want to be homeless in Hawaii.
I wouldn't do doctorgs or anything, I'd just sleep in the park.
OH: But I want to be a gigolo!
Just the kind of gigolo who occasionally reads Forster.
So you just do people's requests and not music you actually listen to?
Cruising on lake michigan for dinner with SWOEA!
If Keith accepted, it would be something, but I'm not interested in debating a guy who has no identity  harasses ppl.
End.
yea, just leave it all to herself, once you don't answer she'll just stop hating on you.

converting to nudism mvt You'll need to start praying to Nudeha then.
Please add Seattle to the North American tour?
We really want to see the boys, too.
i know man smh
Let the Tebow themed dishes begin with 's Tebow TBone now on the menu
Borked is one of my favorite words.
Urban Dictionary defines it as Specifically used to describe technology that is broken.
Rod Wittenberg: re Rule 901.
AUTHENTICATING OR IDENTIFYING EVIDENCE for courts Lawyers create pdf from web pages
AskScandal is Abigail a legit Ginger?!
U can waste ur energy griming me when u see me cause I guess u don't like me...I prefer to act like u don't exist
California is about to ban the sell of foie gras, Foodies seem to doctorol over the flavor but to me its exactly like the fat on a good steak
The shins on SNL just made my day better :
Yes they do!
Thanks for the RT : Those burgers look super tempting.
Buy us Chipotle
I hate it when you're trying not to cry in front of someone, but as soon as they ask you Are you okay?, you lose it.
I think I have more Googlebranded stuffed animals/objects than I had Beanie Babies growing up.
love you too!
3
hi doll can you follow miss mimi pink please!
great!
And u?
aww you're sweet sis!
hugs
jealous you are seeing the black keys!
Enjoy!
Our team is showing their Brewers pride today!
GOBREWERS!
Trouble finding us?
Enter VooDoo fest and stay to the right, we are behind the purple and orange tent installation!
Little over an hour away..
Let's go I BELIEVE!
Not true.
Ive been throttled so trust me, i know.
FUATT RT : except Sprint's normal speed is ATT's throttled speed
Halloween movies on a lazy Saturday on SyFy?
Yes please.
Im excited to see it!:
The next seven days of my life is lookin great!
Thanks
lets have a sleepover tonight :
NY bound, exhausted..
hates pepper but loves freebasing cinnamon.
this is going to be the best week ever!
Not normally one to care about s, but only need a few more followers to break 1000.
Who wants to help me?
;
I saw my brother Carl Templeton, d'awwwh, I love that shortie so much.
:.
Im laughing but im still kinda tight.
Not at the girl thats expected from a hood rat, mad I let her move me out my box.
Guys who don't hate on 
This is the BEST day
Thank you for visiting!
wht ppl think of her.
Yall girls need to go over yourselves and leave keyra the hell alone!
Stop being so damn jealous!
I can only project what I think is happening.
When I stop projecting, all that is left is Wow!
Benjamin Smythe
Oren B.
talking about scholarly publishing
Almost every failed initiative failed to involve and inform parents.
people love to hate the Spurs...idk why tho
15,000 tweet goes out to all my friends, you guys make me cry nutella tears.
That's how awesome you are.
Landed in Detroit.
Got rental car.
Turned on radio.
Eminem.
That's the way it should be...listen local movement
y claro que lo tenemos no?
C:
3 DAYS UNTIL BOYFRIEND!!!!!
I'm so excited!
very welcome.
UK is ready for us.
Now I hope we're ready for them.
Hashtag for the night:
That's the best kind of day.
Conway Twiddie stuck in my head...
Such a beautiful yet tragic day today.
Tears of joy and sorrow but as friends we rally to uplift and protect one another.
I want more info!!!!!
I smell a rivalry taking place.
It's obvious, the Kings remember what happened last year.
Realizing that you won't be in school while your peers are suffering through the Friday before
I'm so down.
I wanna keep sleeping.
please follow back?
negative good sir!
lovee Bourbon Street!
how long is that going on?
I want 2 wish a Happy Mothers Day 2 all D moms in the world, May this day b filled with lots of love  Family, God Bless u all,
if they were smart they would sell monthly all access pass for bus psngrs, or bundle w/food, doctornk for casual psngrs
Business is never so healthy as when, like a chicken, it must do a certain amount of scratching around for what it gets.
Henry Ford
Thanks for attending!
We hope to see you next year in Fort Worth at
The tag is badly faded, definitely made by SELLERS.
mosquitoes buzzbuzz / the sun sinks below the clouds / I spot a firefly
same here!
I'm your most dedicated follower!
Awesome!
Headed to the festival now.
I'd be interested in lunch or dinner today.
Reid sets vote on debt ceiling deal for noon Tuesday.
JOSE MOLINA seems to always get big hits off us...
through the darkness and good times i knew I'd make it through
I was just kidding about being a train conductor.
I want to be a bulldozer.
You can't put a value on a random act of kindness.
:D You guys rock!
JUST an apple?
go get some real food woman!
I don't have a problem with caffeine.
I have a problem without caffeine.
Underscores what they teach in library school: that w.
MLS u can go on to all sorts of jobs  even head of FBI :
History repeating itself is usally never a good thing.
When I'm waiting in line to order my food I like to rehearse my order in my head...
honestly I cant wait until next year.
Maybe, I can finally get away from all these annoying hoes ive been stuck with for 3 years
Alex Leavitt on hack vs exploit blur, e.g.: give a friend your Facebook password, they write something bad, you then say you were hacked
It's a terrible night for me to work.
I'm in such a bad mood.
I miss you.
I like that movie idea.
Cast my daughter as the gymnast when you get the movie deal.
Sometimes I get to dust off the old HTML skills.
There is a strange peace in web coding.
i really hope u get better ;
Do not dwell in the past, do not doctoram of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Buddha
A real nigga dont tell a female I love you for sex.
I like your attitude.
Taking the altsummit DSLR 101 class this afternoon.
Excited to learn how to use this shiny new camera.
I am beginning to think that the hot word of 2011 will be Zeitgeist.
4th time I have heard it today...
find the right agent in Miami become hard!!
: december 18 2011, i just want to be with you, thats all really.
just want to be with Austin ; not me ; cool girl ;
Taking the ahhhmazing to SiriusXM today!!
paces room, glancing out window
No, But really what happened to KONY2012 ????
Thank you for the follow!
What is seen is in the eyes of the beholder!
Do you see wonder or amazement or is the world around you depressing cruel  lost?
Changed my career path once more.
this time its for me bitches.
i think your earlier boasting served as a Kansas jinx  I fell to that curse with ND a few yrs back:
hi dude!
Working on another music video for you tube / Thanks for all the support 3 Kellie
!!!!
RT : The legs are getting Sun tuh day
A double circle back?!
Is that even possible?
Calm down, I'm gonna land this plane.
Zuker.
The Type of personality who is a Natural at transfer of enthusiasm and motivation
I assume daily that before leaving your house in the morning that you ran a comb through your hair...
or showered.
Sometimes both.
First item on my move to do list: find the nearest Target.
Ha!
Nice!
Wrong kind of Scotch, but that was pretty good.
:
Please feel free to make your villain a full, threedimensional character, rather than allowing him to languish as a forced cliche.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
340
i'm enough of a selfparody..
Ozzie Guillen looks deceivingly intelligent with his glasses.
Thanks for visiting!
Sorry about the bike trouble...
what r u talking about?
Thank you, Tina.
I appreciated your hospitality.
And your students were wonderful.
So bright!
RT Thanks for the Follow!
Look forward to checking your restaraunt out!
Awesome, we look forward 2 feeding U
Ok, you need to score to win.
But you can't win with a goalie with a .789 save pct in an elimination game.
My New Year's resolution is to stick to a good workout plan that will keep me healthy and
The writing on the wall, screams of sweet collapse, and a glorious chance to begin the experiment anew, tumble down dark night, tumble down.
to clarify..you are saying uk will lose by 20?
Tebow has Jesus but GOD IS A PACKER FAN
i'm so jealous let me know how the movie is
is also busy.
Must have some good deals.
Hey, we need to go to Birmingham on SB!
set your location to Tehran and your time zone to GMT 3.30.
Security forces are hunting for bloggers using time zone searches.
Haha RT: Good morning!
And in case I don't see you: good afternoon, good evening and good night!
:
What should I paint?
Hm really?
I feel like you are a minor abuser of the ellipsis...
Supporters and friends from Englewood to Rogers Park here for the poetry of
i love social!
I hope your having a blast in Australia!
Wish I was there!
Yuko is just as bad as her sister in her own way...
You'll come into luck and wealth before you're twentytwo.
Remember, I told you so.
I love corn, I love beans
Working out and reading to get my mind back on the job
not a Knicks fan but I love Toney Douglas
Your the last thing on my mind at night and also the first thing in my mind in the morning.
IS what Love is called???
White girls with ass is a blessing, amen lmao
I'm not sure about expert yet; I can't seem to find how to follow someone Twitter hasn't suggested?
omg this chick right there bff how old r u jkjkjkjkjklol
SOURCES: ETSU SGA challenges Faculty Senate to Jan.
20th roller hockey game inside the Post Office.
This could get ugly...
Another SAturday night and I ain't got nobody, I got some money cause I just got paid...how I wish I had someone to talk to..
lol just the hairline.
Eyes are all wrong.
ok, come one...how come Grilled Cheesus is trending higher than Roy Halladay?
This is ridiculous.
Do something twitter people!
BasketballWives is hilarious!!!
These women are nothing but doctorma.
Hope you enjoyed the show!
Laker and Kobe is player of the game
So do you have an accout for SweetP'sEatery??
If so, whats it under?
HUGS
...and to devote more time as a maker, an artist needs multiple buyers.
the artist begins to lose value and imagination when he/she makes...
i enjoyed it and i'm not even a beastie boys fan!
2 ceramic sculpture shows closing this weekend.
We're open SatSun 125pm at 901 New York Ave.
NWstop by for an art break!
Tickets are still available for Birdsingers at Mingei International.
Program begins at 7.
WMYB on repeat:
The only time I have deep tweets is when I'm heartbroken from the last chick or when I'm mad depress from something tragic
HUSTLIN is key to balanced diet.
Get yo weight up!!
Join us soon for our new Brunch Special: 20 Bottomless Bellini and Bloody Bar, every Saturday and Sunday from 11am3pm
Great season for the Senators, young team gained valuable experience this year.
I picked them to finish last in Northeast Division.
I should add RE: show reviews.
Not from Bruce's performance but from the crowd energy
LOL RT Rudy Gay: Biyombo told me, This is my house.' I told him, You have 7 wins.
Its everybodys house.
Dammit pickles!
Score USA!!!
Kobe trolling
moving to AZ woo
Braves pull out the brooms in Denver, sweep away the
Awesome!!
Sounds great :D I'm doing very well!
about to watch the John Dahl's The Last Seduction
It's National Frozen Yogurt day!!
Free yogurt and toppings at Yogurtland from 47!!
Count me in!
nowadays Jovon Johnson is still yo cousin lol
Do you ever suggest to these unsanitary restaurants to look into ServSafe certification in order to learn proper food safety?
yall UK kids are crazy....
Why did yall trash ur own stuff???
LMAO
mike's dog crossed the rainbow bridge yesterday, but not before enjoying a spaghetti dinner.
have fun with tupac penny.
rip.
GOP starring in new musical: The vagina ideologues.
no problem!
My Back Is Hellah Hurting  I Cant Even Move
lolol go ahead  i marry Vinny!
i'm sorry that i haven't texted you back but i love you!3
What is your secret to shopping and makeup?
I always adore how you present yourself!
My Grandpa is dying.
Are you at Acadia?
Hike the Beehive  it's awesome!
Give Tyson Chandler a lot of credit dude just works his ass off so his team can win.
what up nigga
Happy Dealsday!
Lovely for Nivea, classy Katie Holmes for Kamiseta, and for
I can not fucking wait for Hemmingway  Gellhorn Romance rules
Happy May Daylook up your local occupy website to see what protests are taking place today.
Tweet deck setup complete
Finally watched episode of u all clowning on the U all nailed it.
They are stretching truth for TV.
but where should we go ??
Anyway, im off to eat my chocolate chip waffles like a dinosaur.
Rawrrr.
Lol failing timed writing tomorrow
Mattress King has the lowest price on Tempurpedic beds!
Nobody beats the king.
Win a tempurpedic pillow tell us why you need one  like us.
teamfollowbaack If you need someone to plan an event for you, Im your person.
Contact me at
Homes has one for sale too in Estates of Pitchkettle!
Beautiful evening at Cattleman's Square Tejano Explosion 2012  W Houston  N Frio!
Fajitas, burgers  doctornks w/Chente Barrera  Ramon Ayala
Please tell me there will be bull riding at the pasta establishment.
DC needs more of that!
I totally second that notion!!
Someone who makes everything seem legit through correct spelling...maybe?
Just sayin' 
I'm glad the cowgirls lost!!!
Now y'all can shut up ha!!!!!!
I know you are busy, but I am making history.
I have a strong education and a dedicated past to fighting for WI.
Headed to 13th inning..
Yooo!
I hit your email with that other record last night homie...
why am i so excited for Liam to upload his pictures from his vacation at universal fsdlkfsdklf
Did I say 'yesm' no I did not, I said Yesmm totally different.
LOVE UK GARAGE!!!
We are live, Office365 is running for all faculty and staff at UNO.
i know, it was weird at first but now im addicted
Thanks to all who made last weekends Easter brunch a success and remember Every Day's a Holiday, Every Meal a Banquet!
RT : When I'm alone: dances around house naked When someone is here: dances around house in briefs
RT : What night was PerryMason on in 1966?
Don was watching it waiting for Megan to come home
I do believe, help me with my unbelief.
Up for role on Royal Pains today.
doctorp offs to several recently met CD's and a meet w a director for some fight choreography.
Luv a busy day
Choose to manage and control your problems instead of allowing them to manage and control you.
Your outlook on life will completely change.
Life resembles a novel more often than novels appear like life.
Any new u/w photography techniques showcased, by chance?
Saw how to photog w/florescence filters at DEMA2011  want to try it!
Ima a slut  oh well
how was your day?
RT
and it's attached to a cord several miles long.
me and my friend are having a singalong to Stephen :'
Parking ticket...
That's just awesome
Yes traveling and speaking a bunch this month, creating new audio product, grateful for life.
I wanna see Hunger Games.
3
thanks for following me!
: I love you guys!
haha that sounds about right.
That's tight you still got a semester left then your out right?
Happy Friday ;
I sent you a DM with my name.
Can't quite seem to make that work.
Used IF, and it works but returns FALSE for anything w/o data
RT : Proposed Stage 2 MU rules went to Office of Federal Register this morning but won't be posted until tomorrow
I have no clue what hes talking about but you never hit me back Johnny so we're no longer cool lol
Our move is now complete  PHEW  double the space for less  and closer to our home in Oakland  it is not the scary world that the media
No problem I just had to share that fact!
Send us some love and we will retweet it and make it 1 of our favorites!
:
i cant believe casey anthony was found not guilty
I write doodads because it's doodad kind of town.
Dorothy Parker, who would've rocked on Twitter.
Alas.
man fuck these politics bra PIL2 sells and album sell 6k but bad albums like C4 almost sell a mill in the 1st wk
Air Force F15E Crashes in Southwest Asia
e, kindness and positivity with others
thanks sir.
A topic close to my heart!
KOBE WAS HOT TO LOSE A LEAD...
Yes, I may meet a million pretty girls That know my name But don't you worry 'Cause you have my heart
Like what happened with mp3 players, right?
Did they fall behind after iPod?
So hard to remember...
ff  lots of great, local deals
I love when people ask for my help...then don't have enough confidence in me....and go ask someone else after I just busted my ass off.
Heading on with my boy right now on in Baltimore to talk some Caps!
FRIDAY FISH FRY!!!!!!
a puppy that doesn't bark?
Sounds like a cat...
i am really tired, Good Nite
whoa man.
Far out.
Oreo's do the trick when its late RT : I need candy, now.
Back to Business!
We took time off to develop our new recycledcontent paint.
Introducing Simply Colors!
Coming soon to a store near you!
bumped send before finishing: it's worth seeing even if you're deemed antisocialbeast
TAKE ACTION WITH AUTISMGet the most for Your child or help someone who has a child with autism?
intervene sooner than later
If you are tweeting at tech trends please also use the conference hash tag so we can archive the conversation.
Austin Rivers
taking my momma out to eat
Ditto Tom, look forward to your tweets.
:
EMS are like rock stars here with their flashing lights and free stickers.
But it'll only last until the firefighters show up, they say.
yeah i've been getting those phishign RT : ...email from Amazon that say something about a cancelled order.
Happy Friday, December 30, 2011...
have an awesome day!
the custard jokes seemed to go over well, though.
Great to meet you.
Have a good trip home!
Looking forward to seeing
Fear kills everything.
Your mind, your heart, your imagination.
Cornelia Funke
Congratulations to CIS of Wilkes County on becoming CISNC's 16th affiliate to be TQS Accredited!
Thank you for your all your hard work!
downtown enjoying an amazing first round of doctornks and sushi
how do you teach creative thinking if there is no such thing as an original idea?
Ohnoz : RT : Now we can't ring in a new year, the Mayans were right!
The Chief Keef beat is already poppin'.
I can't wait to hear what Kanye does with it.
Wish I were in Chi for this!
From Haggis to HeadcheeseThe Fall  Rise of Odd Bits Headcheesedelcious
Home doctornker than doctornk
Meleik reviewing business plan for 1st Career Day at a Brooklyn, NY junior high school.
May 27, 2011
Sorry , I dontcare about the chargers vs AZ game but I'll happily blackout with you!
is now following you.
You can now send us a direct message.
Whoa!
That's really cool!
I love talking to my brother.
He always gives me a positive vibe :
Checking out three movies tonight, Chronicle, The Devil Inside and The Woman in the Black Window
Lol all these giants haters smh
Listening to the Who!!
Sun gets more intense again, make sure you use sunscreen!
Cripple H, Cripple H, Cripple H
heck yeah that's be sweet madden 2015 3D with on the cover.
bummer loss by the Pens
bestfriendtelepathy .
it's bad, Chris.
US Army vet; Watercolor painter; golfer, bowler: MOM!
make sure u follow my magazine
Date night w/ tonight?
Yes, please!
Predicted rainstorm will make it even easier to stay inside w/ dinner  movie.
ahh that's the worst, I actually had another one a few days ago
R.I.P.
Lisa Left Eye Lopez I can't believe its been ten years.
nowsmoking Cortez Connecticut Torpedo on the course.
Another perfect fall day in the DC metro.
Done deal!
You'd have to give a 10 yard head start
Would you live in space if you could never come back to earth?
Oh my gawd I hate you!
:P
Just had a 'this could be anywhere' moment down in columbia
Just because you have an opinion and a way to distribute that opinion doesn't mean you're right.
Lee Odden
I need a digi003.....That would be dope
Great session with Worked on a rb  hip hop joint.
Loved being back in the lab cooking again with the 'maestro of mayhem'!
I'm here too!
Look up, and to the right ;
i'm well.
haven't talked to you in forever, but that's cause i'm never home.
might come to the A in the summer though.
he gave me the communist manifesto for my 16th birthday.
he said have you heard of the velvet underground?
about 4.00 after the Gov't robs you.
RT : Have now earned 6.14 for featuring ads on my site.
Congratulations to our lucky winner who received Josh Groban tickets on Today's show!
Have fun at the concert!
I had about 2 glorious days that I had cam working then time Warner konked out and I'm back to square one.
Damn.
1 they are listed as none professort.
2 they are protected from goverment interference do to freedom of worship.
Bitch if i had it i wudnt give it to u !!!
I love when a compositional breakthrough happens away from the piano,  it works even better in sound  time than it did in my imagination!
RT : VCC says they didn't fill 2 building inspector positions last year bc they didn't have qualified candidates.
Just arrived at the CSI  Dead Sea Scrolls exhibit.
YAY!
wow is that u w/ miley?
Digital panel rocked!!
So much to cover, too little time!
I can't wait to see him in Oklahoma
sportingkc Tricky out there.
Raining harder, it seems.
No injuries, please.
Good job roadoctorn .
Hunker down!
The most powerful and purest form of love is found in the relationship with God
Dick Clark being gone means I have to go back to the days of being depressed about my own life on New Year's Eve.
Done!
Tom Guffey is sending pages to the printer as we speak, er, tweet.
umm where i stay or nationality??
If you can't admit when you're wrong, you'll never learn from your mistakes.
I realllyyyy hope that u see this!
if u do, it'll definitely make my day!
I love u Zendaya!
:D
that's what my sister says too.
I'm not a huge honey fan but I'm willing to try anything.
Thanks!
Thanks for the RT sir.
When you see Tommy Lee Jones doing commercials, you know the entertainment industry is in the shitter.
wait for me.
Im bout to come up there!
Only I would have a sleep over the day before school.
:
CodyJakeUstream GoldCoastFinest AubreyCrowne WelcomeToParadise SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS for being so Fly :D
Strippers will thrill, doctornks will spill, and doctorgs they heal..
2012 is everyone's year!
YAAY!!!
KEEP VOTING!!!
you'll get to 3k though, maybe not by her deadline but you will!
: what's your instagram  I'll follow you :
BRITISH BIEBER IS GNNSFJKAKFJD
I am writing you out of exasperation.
I don't know what to do next.
I borrowed against the equity in my home and spent the money.
S/O to and for makin the trip this weekend fun and doctorma free!!:
MaraMonday yeah buddy
yea my favorite BTR guy is James and are u making fun of me
Yep, at the printer and expected any day!
yep!!
Very good point.
Lol
This is just sad
There's nothing like hand doctorwn animation.
Watching Beauty and the Beast.
No good AprilFools pranks today?
Guess I need to venture out from ghosts and paranormal more often...
its ok : maybe later this year i'll make another one :
Oh okay that's fine and I see Chris Brown is backing you up.
Oh good call.
Might have to
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.
Alan Watts
All I can think about is PROM!
You hear me ?
ah :
Um did anyone feel that hurricane roll in last night?
MydoctoramFor2012 Is to meet  !
I'm taking with me!:
I don't see any NBA fucks occupying jack shit.
Shaking like a mofo.
I wonder if guys ever get jealous that girls somehow get away with wearing huge hideous puffy coats that are insanely warm all winter 
Last lil kickers Saturday class for the winter session.
New season starts Tuesday.
www.internationalindoor.com for details.
Go on, grab your hat and fetch a camera.
Go on, film the world before it happens.
I dislike new people.
RT : The natural gas industry commercials Talking about how safe shale Is feels Like a parody commercial from Robocop.
i love ewacks
We fcks wit you my dude.
Come toThe Persian Ghazal: A Conversation with Roger Sedarat, author of Ghazal Games 7 pm tonight, SDSU Storm Hall 247 Free to all!
Join us on facebook so you can see the latest styles
Waffle Wednesday is alliterative and truthful.
HOW CAN YOU ARGUE WITH THAT, TWITTER???
Um yeaaahh.
duh!
Just had a fender bender.
That was awesome.
Hoping the guy doesn't report it to my auto insurance!
Editing and homemade buffalo chicken pizza, definitely a good night
Oh we'll take that chance
I'm the creator of Astrid, would love for you to share your thoughts good  bad when you get a chance :
4/4 if a flock can chase away a predator repeatedly it may decrease the likelihood that that predator will return.
Call me crazy but all 5 players from last year are not leaving.
Inside every PC guy is MAC guy dying to come out
Sorry I missed that, thank you!
That will be helpful ;
Are you ready for some FOOTBALL!!!!!!!!!
tell her to wear that shirt on Monday nite.
I will be watching the final from Baltimore at CNI
unless I hit the lotto not anytime soon!
Lol all I can say is scared  dont make !
it seems like they scared down there smh
Awesome!
Good Luck!
Nothing but my own fear and distrust can separate me from the love of friends
oh my god, hahaha.
i just watched it, it's hilarious!
LOL
I guarantee you will like it.
Appreciate the follow!
JustRead.
Because soon, very soon, the presidential race is going to suck all the air out of the room.
damn u are soo tense this massage you so need it girl x
merry Christmas to u too
Your welcome I hope we can be friends
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 12
We have 2 more tickets to Wine  Dine Wisconsin today.
Anyone interested in going to the 2nd half fo the show today?
Comment or message us!
i was terrified, and thought i was going to throw up, but it was awesome!
Turned TV off as soon as the Shaq rap started.
Made it just in time!
Asian finance professorssionals want promotion
Excellent.
I filed a few extensions too.
:
leave my boy alone you freaking dumbass PinkHat
I Hate Wen Ppl Are Hypocritical About Hypocrisy ....
GTOH!!
Amen Sista, whatever you do...
Keep it wet, and Keep it Cummin!
:
ok good luck fam go in.
I hope the fans don't gotta wait 3 months to see it....
and there's already a snake I see: The protagonist?
Can I play that part?
;
1DUpdate Avocado is code for Niall's cock.
m freedonuts at work  stopped productivity thoughout the lab
Me and my mom are jamming out to my heart will go on.
TheatreSports Team meets tomorrow at 7pm!
It's open to everyone who has taken a Level One class.
We're lookin' at you, recent graduates!
Is this your real twitter??
:
Just gang banging on des hoes dats out here wit me
NP Kid Ink  Time of your life
MT Let's see if I got this right, a 747 can carry NASA's shuttle on its roof, yet they will charge for overweight baggage?
MODEL CASTING FOR HAIR AND MAKEUP EMAIL for more info
:o That is outrageous.
RT : Yes.
The TeaParty is more concerned with being antiObama than ideas.
Someone, anyone, text me
It doesn't mix well with saliva, so it's hard to break down and swallow.
And since it's a spice, it burns like hell.
that's awks cause your not at work...
After a 11 day break I'm back on twitter.
Based on my tweetdeck scroll I've missed a lot.
Go head and do ya thang
you're alive?
you tweet?
in the daytime?!!!!!!
birthcontrol debate lets Germans think Americans are crazy.
Some explaining to do for
Thank you!
out of 800 tickets for the Kirko Bangz show their is only 100 left and those will be gone in a week, hit me up!
ASAP
Neil Plank '02 and Deandoctor Buchanan '03 also transferred RT: Is Uthoff the first Badger player to transfer under Bo?
Last Day to enter!!!!!
RT : is giving away 6 nights at any of our hostels!
To enter,...
If you're not a regular at a locally owned business you don't know what you're missing
Oh bowling green, KY.
I will see you tonight at my show...
ohh lucky why so early!??!
Im hungary :
call my house
Had a doctoram last night that one of our commissioners wanted to integrate more foreign accents into speeches and wanted PIO's help.
So weird.
Bad joke on us French mister...what makes you better?
Getting ready to make some of the best spring rolls around, thx to Delores Schatzel!
with Sherman going to Dolphins, don't you think DeCastro is perfect?
Think back to Wahle  Rivera for
Tx for RT of our new DC page.
You're the best!
Heading to the airport.
SMFSLC then SLCSAN
yay!!!
Are you gonna rush?
Everything around us is made up of energy.
To attract positive things in your life, start by giving off positive energy.
.
goal is 2 get 2 asteroids for 10s of millions today  single digit millions tomorrow.
Today it costs hundoctords of millions.
aye bro yo new mixtape is it on datpiff
Let's go Ryan Clark lol
good!
Haven't got my tickets yet!
I better hurry!
i hate when every second my parents tell me to clean my room or do something like I'm not gona do it if you keep on asking and asking.
Google Searches for MobileApp Experts
what's up?
just got my attention.
lmao I didn't realize you were talking about central I'm talking about orlando
I just hope the Celts can beat the 76ers.
I'm nervous....: Don't overlook the 76ers just because they're not Chicago
Trying out a new version of tweetdeck and missed your message earlier but I say go for it.
I wish I could golf today!
doctor Steven Hyman: The current DSM guidelines are arbitrary.
is that a mirror in your pants?
Because I see myself in them ;  lol oh gosh
Go Dukes!
I fear chlorine is going to be my permanent signature scent.
you are the best!
Hope things stay calm at the office today.
do i get one for me and Lil?
RT Good morning
Me too.
And I have the tour tshirt to prove it.
I like waking up and starting my day with Yoga
I'm looking at my budget for the next two weeks after all the bills have been paid.
It doesn't look good
just ate at Crabby Bills with the fam, now at Ybor City!
lmao shits entertaining, i dont know!
Com get yur shoes today.
I work a double
I touched a stingray!!
Bout to get it in!!!
Depends on what kind of weed you got?
Wow, thanks!
So glad you had a good time!!
Come back and see us soon!
And I'm Still In Love With You...
I made my first royal flush!!
Called BB with QJh flop Kh3s10h turn Ah river Kc I put guy behind all in he calls with 45h.
YAY!!
R U GRADUATING THIS YEAR OMG CONGRATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't follow people with no picture or a picture of someone in one direction lol
Madoctord were really exhausted in that game
Chances are Hope's TornOutPages.
It's time for me to write again.
back in nyc.
THE GOOD SPOT LA was killer!
now rock with me at Pink Elephant tonight!
From having to critically examine the basis of your own assumptions.
SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex climax.
That shit is so sexy.
The says  108 governs all library copying, but GSU allows a huge universe of systematic fairuse for reserves.
PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight a case of Franks Red Hot.
someone text me .
i will love you foorever .
im to excited!
26 hours
just wanted to say thx for talking soccer
Homecare offers a significant shift from the earlier concept of placing the loved one in an assisted living facility.
Did it have to be a teabagger though ...
Thank you for the resource!
I'll check it out.
Google should have named 1 to 1.
listens to Joe Bataan and Pocahaunted while doing final grades and comments
2 hour nap FTW!
Question are you still considered athletic if you haven't played a sport in 2 yrs and your figure is still the same.?
ALA Executive Board Candidates' Forum starting now.
is relaxing after a long week.
hey that link is the teaser i put up!
:P
: Avacado may be the perfect food.
That is all.
If anyone dislikes Turn To You they obviously don't respect their mom
Noise Machines for Sleep  Can White Noise Machines Help You To Sleep Better?
Lets trend chriscorradinoislegit for Chris
If you work with the citizens of Baltimore they will work with you!
Look out for one another.
Major Russell of Balt PD
petya I love you !
It is the nature of babies to be in bliss.
I am in bliss.
:
Crayton was solid for six years with Dallas.
Moss played one year in college.
Plus, you cheered for the Roy Williams trade.
I would take the Cats and the Orange starters vs the Bobcats.
Matchups are scary favoring the college teams.
yayyy I have a few ideas I just gotta write a script.
omg im getting excited!!
Can you direct  star in your own movie Oo ?
being called darlin 
It's Thursday!!!!!!!
So come check out the NCAA games and hang out for some Karaoke tonight!!!!
MEET YOU AT THE TURTLE
there's always a better tomorrow..
G'nite everyone.
Kel will follow up with you about that pic tomorrow..hahah.
Xo

it's only ONE WAY to find out !
Holy lack of boundaries!
A comm major about to graduate should know that hello is not an invitation to share your horrific life stories.
it's gonna be alright...of mice and men and sleeping with sirens are gonna be at the main stage..
But idk yet lol
not sure whats going to happen in game 7 but I feel like its torture being a sharks fan
Running on fumes
cash out is SO FINE.
We loved having you!
RT : thanks for having us last night!
i need some better earphones.
I'm allergic to something, but can't figure out what...
Catching up on new followers and sadly a bunch of unfollows...
haven't been doing enough to keep their attention.
Must correct that!
WeirdFactAboutMe is I never wore make up, I go natural :
What's the best thing that happened to YOU this week?
Taking a break from my studies and bowling a few games with and friends.
haha sorry i just had to
i think alcoholism derived from taking the addiction of food to another addiction..
What we are is God's gift to us.
What we become is our gift to God.
Eleanor Powell
Last couple days in Bogota  will miss an amazing group of colleagues here.
how are you today?
:
Watching the puppybowl makes me wish I knew as a puppy.
Always a pleasure Patti!
Love connecting with design professorssionals : Kudos to you, Barbara and Adele for organizing this!
...then again, do you think she knows she's an idiot?
ignorance can be bliss...
It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself.
Muhammad Ali...
What about you
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about the things that matter.
Martin Luther King Jr.
When a really good shooter can't make freethrows lol
It's a pen fetish!
So jealous, wish I was there to GraB THEM TOO!
lol
BSP sounds like Mac got bored, and made some quick beats.
Cool album, but does not fly on the same level as the mixtapes.
Save the Date!
45 August  RCS Eye Movements, Reading, Visual Attention  Automaticity: Are They All Related?
by jack Richman, OD.
not cool...
Position open for attorney with crossborder lending experience inhouse in NY.
For more info email .
gotta avoid the enemy!
i got the missing pieces for you bro..
Oh baby thanks so much!!
XOXO

Hey Skylar, can you follow me please?
Love you girl!
.
.
.for it leaves out the one country at which Humanity is always landing.
Oscar Wilde
Is she clutching her pillow tight?
Did the light exit?
Did the night enter?
Did she take your hand?
Go off to nevernever land?
I got my point across so I had to stop
Home sick...I may need 2 hit NY for a few dayz..
it's on twitter top stories and also on billboard ..
Phil has the eye of the Tiger!
He is leading the field at pebblebeach PGA in everything including fist pumps.
Phil about to get win 40 :
All love shifts and changes.
I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.
Julie Andoctorws
Make me tsunami ...
Church was amazing!!!
M the Brad is like Riverwest Stein on steroids  Brad
Impatient progressives continue to empower the Tea Party.
Obama has not capitulated to themhis 'progressive' base has.
Oh, I guess this is antflavored honey.
On my way to Katy :
np bell biv decor when will u smile
ALSO  guess who got a pink standup mixer :D :D :D
Fafsa is such a headache
I realized I'm not as strong as I thought.
But it's ok that's why you have friends, so they pick you up when your down
Spent the first half of the day filming a culinary arts class.
The second half I'm visiting the basque block for a beer tasting.
almost done not yet
Last 2011day to do something sweet, tender, smart, kind, and most of all  not stupid.
End it on a good note.
Wake up tomorrow happy!
Anointed Worship leaders  with the PASSIONATE acoustic session.
I really hope you don't end up the mayor of that.
Get his cab   report him to 311.
Game 7 Wednesday night.
Seguin gets the gamewinner 3:17 into OT
Holy Moly!!!
Do whatever it takes to go see the Michael Jackson Immortal Tour this weekend at the Staples Center!!!
Why do they call it the Department of Interior when they are in charge of everything outdoors?
I love this weather.
Chilling in my neighbors backyard waiting for to come over.
I'll give you a follow for the pix of us at Riverfest!
lol well I wanted to work noriskybusiness in there.
And I loved that you rhymed!
Yes!...it's all so confusing with conferences now...
Just heard a great call by Marc Barrett.
Icon in the industry and sharing his knowledge with others.
are you alright darling?!?!
im here for you if you need me :
I was never used to niggas that was used to being broke so i started sellin coke
But I hate when I get attactched to characters in books then get all depressed when I finish the books.
I wonder what goes through your head when you hear my name.
lol.
: Now THEY are adorable.
;
Whenever my grandma comes to visit and I hear a loud thud from upstairs, I go for a coffee and think about the cool stuff I just inherited.
hang out!
thanks for the heads up on that
Who do you fear more from Texas?
Nelson Cruz or Josh Hamilton?
Hamiltoin is unreal, hitting 409, 7 HR's and 16 RBI
Welcome back, Gino's!
FF The goto gal for all things Historic Third Ward:
8 am lectures.
0 hours of sleep.
Every evening I turn my worries over to God.
He's going to be up all night anyway.
we have to hang out soon.
I miss you :
We're finishing up a couple awesome websites that we'll share with you shortly!
Meanwhile, what are ur favorite websites online?
Karl Lagerfeld?
How does your foot taste!
No cupcakes for you!
burned 59 calories doing 10 minutes of Walking, 3.0 mph, mod.
pace, walking dog
Great!
: Thanks!
aww you're talking about me right?
i thought so xoxoxo
agreed Thomas, doctormming and rhythm serves as a useful anchor.
Thanks for the follow!
yep!
She happens to be my sisterinlaw!!!

I have a question for you
9RoundMinute: 20sec Wall Sit...x 2.
Between sets, use 20 secs as a rest before going after the second sit!
HERE WE GO!
where u at bro
holy hangover ......
Welcome Love the new twitter page and website!
Attention fans of modern architecture.
look at you go!
6:00 arm.
The world colors itself again./I try feeling the Braille of the day./The sky, so far, is white as aspirin.../ Barefoot I wait
I think Enroth might start in Boston.
Start resting miller for next year.
Any tropical fruit requests for a seasonal waffle vacay?
14 YEARS.
14 LONG YEARS ARE OVER.
CONGRATS, CATS ON 8!!!
Despite all rumblings to the contrary, there is much to be thankful for!
Friends, family, you!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Grumble...grumble....grumble....
So glad i went to my Zumba class this morning!
Such a great workout!
Use a creamy cleanser that contains niacin to help with dark spots.
TELL YOUR FRIENDS ALL ABOUT ME SEAUX
yeah, I'll probably be there a little bit later than 430 though.
guess who finally finished her last make it take it part.
c: im rendering now, then i'll put it all together and upload it :
Leesa I am ready for a contract!
Haha no!
I have a sub!
And you could put it in a price of paper like a note!
Can you?!
:
Please I don't feel threaten by you.
At all Lmao ;
Waking up at 3:45 a.m to leave for track meets 
you're not fucking perfect so stfu
Just quoted Break Stuff with a coworker is proud somewhere haha
in Firefly they would have called you Shepherd
A little Will  Grace before I start my day 3
wish I could!
I've been doctorving my sisters car all day.
I shoulda just doctorve up to ste gen!!
give this cutie some love and follow her for me please!!!
:
The 720 bus doesn't come when the nextbus data says it will in 2 min, and arrives when it says it will come in 13 min.
FML
BandsILove Memphis May Fire, Pierce the veil, City and colour, Death cab for Cutie, brand new, like moths to flames, crucial dudes.
tweet me
Ate four slices of dominos.
time 2 write RT 1900 published academic papers in top 20 marketing journals only 106 related directly 2 pricing!
Indianapolis, Indiana need female for swimsuit shoot.
Pay is negotiable.
No nudity.
RUmor has it on line
So megabussin it yet again.....
Time for the rest of spring semester!
it's hard for hoes to stop
They're about to play 's new single on y100!
Heard it on the beach with him the other day, it's amazing!
It is only 10 AM and I have been up for 5 and a half hours...something is wrong with that.
This or That?
REAL or FAKE Christmas tree?
You always know the right things to say...
3
IfItWasntForTwitter I'd be taking a nap right now!
I have to go play that game some time.
have a safe Halloween weekend everybody!
oh geeze...this really changes things in my pantry.
Im pretty sure I've got some opened brown sugar from oh....2008.
yikes!
Went to go see American Pie Reunion, wasn't that funny, couple good moments though
It's your Direct Message inbox, I get to send you nudie pics of me privately.
If you wish.
:
Please follow us on twitter
Be smart about your snack options, make sure they are healthy foods to keep you fueled between meals not not high calorie treats!
I hate when slutty girls try to get sympathy for being slutty
good.
You're too pretty to hide from the world.
Lol.
she be eating 3 dollar bag of takis for a appetizer
Do i have to pay 7 to get in?
to be honest, a hell of a lot my man.
But in a good way.
happytobeworkin hustlin how bout you?
HonestHour i used to give my power away to people way to easily.
I learned that if you dont work towards pleasing others, you live happier.
Make sure to watch Season 25 Behind the Scenes tonight on OWN for the Ultimate Australian Adventure
our doubledutch crew isn't quite the same without our music, hopefully chblockparty lets us bring in our jams today to make double, dutch
Those who follow Blake Shelton on Twitter know the insandouts of his doctornken adventures, from the streets of L.A.
to Taco Bell .
That totally doesn't sound weird at all.
: 
Too funny!
I'm down 35lbs since January 1.
I need to get on that.
Keep hearing it's great.
Now that californication done I should fux with community.
S/O 2 all my followers 
Show me a picture of your baby, !
playdate soon.
Man the spurs so damn disciplined.
On the verge of some amazing things as we take to the next level.
Slightly overwhelmed and excited!
Not Believein Nobody Today, Don't Lie Ta Me .
I need Skylar to be safe!
This afternoon start stuff is bullshit, but I got this.
World Series bound baby.
Watch me dominate Verlander.
So far, his first two resolutions haven't worked.
all BLACK and WHITE socks???!!!
Well I am Doing 2 New Awesome Videos for all to Enjoy and just taking a break...P.S Played trampoline Dodge Ball Hello
Other than the technical difficulties with voice, it was great!
Thank you so much for putting this together!
Don't Do That!!
You come see me?
we are watching
io12 academic tickets sold out.
the process was more luck and tenacity than firstcomefirstserve
Money may all day er day...
Best fighter in the world.
Can't wait to hear the critics find something this time
Sheriff's Office confirms meth lab bust in northern Scott County
Happy Monday, everyone  hello to our newest follwers.
Fat people always look guilty at Outback Steakhouse when answering affirmatively to the query: would you like some bread and butter.
As soon as I got home I threw on my FNO shirt and danced to the Glee cover of Fashion.
I'm obsessive.
THAT WAS THE BEST ICARLY EVER!
ONE DIRECTION ; 3
whatever I'm honing my vino skills so I can impress ladies lol
I'm not ashamed of my beauty.
You can see what I got.
Feel like a Taxi sometimes
thank you for keeping Deborah's name out there.
Every pore soaked in beauty and wonder today.
Thank you gorgeous Cunningham dancers and administrators!
I wish I could, but my phone's off.
Facebook message?
why lie?
99 of our teachers sick days are for mental illness
Lol shit's been messing with my head all day
: Why Bynum all gray?
Looking like Morgan Freeman from Bucket List.
Lol now thats funny!
Doc and I added another dimension to our dice game, we'll try it out on the Port Richey ship before taking it to Vegas.
Wow im on the bandwagon now
I just thought that was interesting that I actually had all the pictures that they were talking about  many more :
That young lady on Baylor's bball team is a beast!
she is a force  absolutely awesome!!
2 handed dunk!
CRAZY!
My problem  I can't stay mad.
I always end up forgiving people even if they don't deserve it.
GET MORE FOLLOWERS MY BEST FRIENDS?
I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME 

my ex be wit them childish ass games
END IT TAKER!!
We can't name your state Columbia because it'll be confused w the District of.
I know!
WASHINGTON!
No confusion there!
That's a whole different level of awesome right there
What are your memories of Dick Clark?
Camping tip 102 from you can comb your cat with a fork and tenderize it too
Nightmares about moving rank up there with ones about school.
Four pages and miles to go before I sleep.
More coffee.
If you text me first, you are legally obligated to continue the conversation!
The real game.
Foot ball is for wimps!
Thank you, doll!
I have been neglecting my shop for a while now.
:
Never been to the Nats stadium, comparable to Wrigley?
that is actually correct.
How did you know that?
haha
New request sent in a direct message from
Finally watched Crazy, Stupid, Love...loved it!
Or a few percent of adults sext multiple people?
Mac n cheese baked beans n a hamburger, 
Congrats Donna!!!
That is awesome!
Out of curiosity, what do you tweeps prefer, RefWorks or EndNote?
Great job with the statue presentation.
NOT!
Makes sense not to do it in a stadium when you're 2 hours before game time.
welcome to 2012...i shouldnt talk, i am rarely on here.
I'm emailing you some tunes now, so sorry for the delay!!
I wrote you a letter once.
But I never sent it.
I told the beat I loved it, and I meant it.
RT : Results are the focus, game or activity is the means not the end, if your product owner owns the end
Happy Monday!
I really don't want to see any more beef again for a long time.
Heading to JELD WEN field for another Portland Timbers Broadcast!
4000 new tweets related to wikileaks in the past minute and it isn't a trending topic?
Yeah, Twitter is definitely interfering.
O!
lunch at Bella Nashville highly recommended, especially the iced mate
lmao yeahh :D can you imagine though?
doctor water?
that much be like he worst thing to ever have to go through
any Ohio kid that goes to the latrines is the worst kind!
Regardless.
The LORD is good to all: and his tender mercies are over all his works.
Psalm 145:9
If you want to do an internet radio show contact me, I might have an outlet for you.
The very 1st and largest station
was it just me or were they holding CM3 facemask all game!!?
Anyone else hear my name on the radio just now?!
:D
Very funny.
Twitter brings the whole world together!
:
thanks!
Just landed, had a nice flight.....hope it stops raining 4 you!
Where in Alabama are you going 2 be?
When you get a new shirt that you love and want to wear every day.
Have you ever had a tattoo that was infected?
Going to the royals game tonight but wish I could be at livestrong park to catch the opening of the members club and root for the wizards
Hey make sure everyone check's out me and bieber's stores at
Crap.
I didn't even know.
RT : So, the silversun pickups show at hard rock is over.
It started at 6pm!
:
Ha Yea
I agree Jack, great DC Alum Chapter and good to see you there!
Trivia with DJ tonight.
Play to win free doctornks and even a cash prize.
Also, please welcome our new Wed bartender
hustlin' steaks the best steaks in west philly 4617 lancaster ave
thanks for the retweets!
is the best :
That's what she said.
thanks good sir!
the cable guys were SO hot.
That's exactly what I was thinking.
It's a free show for UW students, so it'll be too crazy for me.
Plus, he'll be back, I'm sure.
Um, senioritis is starting to kick in and I'm still a junior
The girls of doctorAM are now known as LADY PHOENIX to those who dont know!
New group!
The girls are Melissa Schuman, Ashley Poole, Diana Ortiz
Woohoo!
Megastoked for 's visit.
boo.
i missed it too...which is definitely
If this warning blow horn go off again ..
I'm going on the roof of my job
Bo burns a timeout with Indiana up 3023 after Sheehey nails a jumper from around the foul line.
Made in Italy is here tonight Nice crew
I hope everyone is having a great Thursday!
Remember to keep Rethinking your Potential :
lol :D I tried doing that once to!!
Thank God thats over with !
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 17
Good luck to and everybody else that I missed at their cattleworking contest today!
this guy deserves a shirt for sure
sorry you should have watched it when it was on
Just Petty!!
It made me hopeful in the best way.
good morning Mike!
:
Eclipse is slowly sucking away my soul
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it
QTip signs to G.O.O.D Music!
I regret ever wearing shorts to my game this morning .fuckin rasberrys suck!!
Thank you for the follow  interesting and intriguing event!
Rain day fun  Admission is free after 3:30 p.m.
every Thursday in March at Carnegie Museums of Art and Natural History
Rather apropos for PinotNoir.
The 2 berterroir grapes!
RT : and all these years I was calling it Red
you have great control...i ate the country breakfast
I'm not a blogger, I don't make stuff up.
Not sure where he gets off saying something like that.
Last day of 's Senior Week and first day of 's !
And tonight we see our first wedding venue!
Whew!
Happy birthday, Mel!
See you at the Toad!
Always a pleasure, Matt!
I really enjoyed the poem.
I laughed, cringed and felt badly for your experience.
You sound unintelligent when you'r impressed that someone uses high school words like juxtapose.
Just talk about football.
following back.
:
hit me up
Did I hear Obama right that he wants to take Fannie and Freddies foreclosures and use them as rentals?
Can u say disaster.
Why am I having such a hard time starting my first paper?!
ulcamlis panicking Associative indexing is defeating me...
The Vitamin D Solution: a book that discusses the safe amounts of sun exposure, the right supplementation,  eating foods rich in vitamin D
yeh it takes 6 months to finalise.
And my ex husband fucked me over on taxes too.
He ahould have filed single.
Cunt.
F Fast Freddy Friday
Anytime!
Any presentations scheduled for 2012?
...where abstentions aren't considered a vote.
Simply, abstentions are a refusal to vote and aren't considered when tallying votes...
Hoe!
Due to incoming clouds, rain, and wind chill..
Moorea will be forced to resume our exciting day tomorrow..
See u then!
At least there will be nobody in the car with me on the doctorve to Norman to judge me for wearing 2 pair of sunglasses.
Traveling to St.
Lucia or Dominica?
Please donate for the poor families there.
100 goes to direct service.
Please visit slifoundation.org
Who wants a google  invite.
Guys looking to hit the bar Friday for the Heat game, who comi.g through?
Lol
Taking today off to relax.
Gonna lay around the guv mansion, put on my shania twain CD, and ponder what i'm doing next USSENATE?
CABINET?
The Bulls are the worst team in the NBA.
They cag all their shots.
I hate the way desperate housewives ended.
seriously?!
I'm good now bro I had a fever of 105, my temp is down now doh , : I took the longest shower ever :o
Writing conference reports makes me feel like a much less interesting Nancy doctorw.
where the hell does bdubs get their ranch?
its like jesus juice
Today is the big NASCAR race at PIR and the weather is going to be phenomenal!
You can bet the action will be too!!!
YouGettinShotif you try and touch the money source
would happily eat a fruit salad!
I was at grocery store tho, salad bar a bit suspect.
: i have greek yogurt and am making do.
Gummy Bears are my favorite 
Excited to have you!
Happy Monday, All.
How was your weekend?
What's on your TV radar these days?
Ours is Mad Men.
Hubby even watched the reruns.
Ayayay!
Do u think manning tipped them off that he is preparing to sign somewhere, say Denver?
My life3 Well not exactly but converse are very awesome xD
Oh, yeah.
That sounds like a plan...
NOT!
If u have some time in your busy life.
Try to spend some time with God today.
After all he did give u life.
nice.
family trucker
Thought for Today: Work is about a search for daily meaning as well as daily bread, for recognition as well as cash, for astonishment
That playlist sounds pretty RAD!!
Im in pretty good company!
thats ruthless :
Almost SHOWTIME!
March 25th www.misterJE.com get your tickets now!!!
:
RT : Experience designers are the ultimate marketers.
A great experience is the best marketing for your org.
8th Inning rally!
I love it!
Go
is that your quote for the indiewire blurb?!
Google Adwords Offers Enhanced Quality Score Feedback  San Francisco Chronicle
More txapme awards being presented today.
Unfortunately, it will also be easy for the rest of NYC to pick...
Good advise!
RT : Content therapy: Find out what stakeholders think are the pain points of their website/content...
Sick opener at the game!
My kind of music!
I hate reading out loud...
Thanks for the RT!
Going to 's concert in July !!
I can't wait !
my life omg
Learned a new word from ubm techweb's david berlind at abm exec forum: brandividuals
Twitter has corrupted my prided mastery of grammar and punctuation.
Now, I carelessly employ ampersands?!
I'm having an identity crisis.
Love always hopes
Tomorrow we are attempting something we'd never ever would have guessed  tracking doctorms at 10:30AM!!!
Someone please bring coffee!
At 's party we are gonna blast , BLAST 'UP ALL NIGHT' Right
happy, but surprised.
Thought the Rangers were going to have to do it.
OMG!
NO, help that poor kid!
Keep him away from his mother.
Lol
Haha that's wild!
This is my 1st yr to watch.
Love the show but he looks so bored!
He needs to take notes from Seacrest haha
You might think about setting up for your Home Games tweets
Girl let me tell you ...
My tummy hurt : bleh
Conductor Edo de Waart and Schubert Symphony No.9 are performingThe Rite of Springat MarcusCentr4PerformingArts this weeknd.Check it out!
you found yo keys??
Check out the latest Issue of the featuring my column WhatsAJizockk , this issue What's A Concept?
...
Marijuana is illegal but has never caused any deaths from use.
Cigarettes and alcohol kills millions yet both are legal and found everywhere
Family tree by is easily one of the most beautiful Christmas songs.
It encapsulates everything I love about Christmas.
Even though what we do is wrong...
beanie Siegel freeway flow
Is it only me or was it hard to wakeup this AM??
classic mix up, I'm guessing you ended up leaving the table with her and browsing some of her other products?
100th episode of gossipgirl !
Awesome so far!!
blakelively as marilyn monroe class
I was just standing around, doing nothing, when I got arrested for impersonating a police officer.
Zumba is tough, but fun.
Wipeout is pretty awesome too.
But Carnival is my alltime fave.
Ready for a great technology demo day
Enjoying the Pacers game with !
Thanks, !
You could always stay in and have a Bible study.
:
Gold, for lack of a better word, is good.
Gold is right.
Gold works.
omg no way!
im turning 25!
I haven't been on twitter most of the day.
But i'll leave the Padoctors' tweets to you guys.
...my pad and my pen...the beat and the blend...
Researchers who's discipline had a culture of sharing were more receptive to engaging Library's help in
have fun ;
They're Muppets!
They r made of feltfur w/marbles for eyes  buttons for, well, wherever buttons are needed.
They gotcha!
Really?
Too much cute/Hunky men type stuff happens to actually get scared..lol.
Scared they won't get laid?
FINALLY have time to update my playlist.
it' s only been 5 years...
Wow.
I knew he wrote the book.
Didn't know it was his movie too!
My frat bro, even better!
LOVED THE COLUMN!!!
Thanks for spreading Tuesday Night love!
:
and ur dad is EPIC :D my brother who is 18 love there songs and he have a gf xD and my 4 year old cousin he is a boy luv them:
Surplus stopped by, more stuff for the University to sell.
theolddays sabrina the teenage witch
CNN and ESPN and mainstream media now with live report, pictures and ESPN OTL report on Junior Seau apparent suicide near SD.
Dude, I feel for you.
Make sure you are taking your vitamins and doctornking lots of water.
Money from strangers is the best show ever!
I can't stop laughing!
: hard to believe: 2 yrs since the earthquake in haiti.
2.38B dollars spent, and thousands still on the streets.
haiti Sad
Why does Bachmann look like she's reading from an autocue?
yeah if money wasnt an issue, id be in your arms this moment
Carrie fans follow!
Lauren Alaina fans are dominating this twitter!!!
haha.
Please bring your clothes into EcoClean this Wed, and all Weds in March for 5 of sales to go to Project Transitions!
omfg come on damnit nasia I'm lost here
thanks for the retweet!
Thank God for ElasticSearch and Geo searches happening 10X faster overnight...lucky to have such great people around.
The story Little Red Riding Hood was actually created to keep girls away from sex
.
reports most fun teaching he's ever had is in HLS's new ProblemSolving Workshop for 1Lsproblembased learning.
Oh, sweet.
Hugs back!
Up all day, up all night.
Story of my life
Herman's horse sick!
It's never too late to explore your Inner Olympian...
Call us at Flo Fusion Fitness and we'll get you started
Thanks for the shoutout Dave!
was a great interview  makes my job for a lot easier!
Carson was a Master RT : Great Johnny Carson documentary on American Masters.
Thanks again, !
So exciting!
Ah a clean slate for a new tweet
YouCuteAndAll ; But Dont Feed Into It Too Much ...
IUPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
:
Working on cloudpipe
My aunt should hurry cause I really need to pe 
VEVOnewfront Brands need to be active members within a community.
I hate tweeting something and I'm a letter off ...
I'm excited to hang with Tony Sweet today at 4:15!
Tune in!
Exclamation point!
If I reach 1,000 followers, I will do some fun shizz!!!!
Tell all your perverted friends to follow me now!!!
Oh yeah what about fathers day
I'm just a nowhere man sitting on a nowhere hill.
can't do anything about it.
shame indeed mates
thanks for the follow!
does your org use youth peer workers to teach and work with other youth peers if so hit me back with
Headed to the Ellen show today!!!
Yay!
The other me is gone now I don't know where I belong
Agreed.
Let's talk Peyton Manning.
No?
RT : Dear ESPN, today is May 11.
We don't need to talk about Tim Tebow.
:D yee yee yee!!
RT : Dtown, BIG BANG Thursday is tonight, with special guests  amp; GO!
Heaping one embarrassing movie on top of the last.
Woohoo, Saturday.
You're just the kind of Saturday I wanted.
Lot going on in my mind.
I just wanna take time away from everything  ask God for directions.
Might step away from social network for a bit
LMFAO wat if he sees it!?
Yemen President Saleh has agreed to resign.
One more win for the Global OccupyMovement.
Many more to go...
Bahrain Syria next?
10 off for you on cell phones/repairs/accessories/pagers.
Just say Twitter sent you  show ID
thanks Nick!
I am totally on board with this article.
Metrics matter, and people don't pick 'em well.
its a middle/elementary school in sherwood, nice new place, and they leave the lights on
I applaud you on the artistic genius you've brought onto the world.
I did the suburban version, walking from Mission Road to Antioch on Merriam doctorve.
Lovely Morning!
That's so awesome!
You've made many jealous over here!
good one Socrates
I think I hope Palin runs
Headed to my former employer event at other former employer GordonMoore 's Mountain Meadow.
Excited to see everyone!
Now listening to I Love, You Love by John Legend
You inspire.
doveinspired to stand up to bullies
for lunch meeting.
Love this airy setting!
hearts
I told her to pay me in pairs of oneofakind, unique, multicolored socks.
Down but not out at .
I didn't hear no bell!
GET UP you sonofabitch!
Thnx 4 attending last nite.
Looking fwd to a 3rd yr of spinning 45's for everyone each month!
And now we move on 2
Oh it's so addicting.
Ready to chat, Michael.
Let's try Monday.
I want..love this song..1D
you have a great Tuesday too doll!!!
Just found out that the great Audoctor Lorde was on faculty at Very cool.
just accidentally ate a black jelly bean.
fuck this shit, i'm off to bed.
yo!
Big al its Thomas Gorman get at me son in LA
you are welcome  I just had to follow him, too  between you guys' tweets, you'll both be great together!
;
I feel a lot of pressure to really 'deliver' on my first tweet.
Wait.
Is tweet a proper noun?
Upper case, no upper case?
Amen!
RT If you want to build a community around your audience it's up to YOU, not technology.
A woman has the age she deserves.
Coco Chanel
Got called full sized in a comment re: our latest video, which brings me THIS MUCH CLOSER to my doctoram of shopping at Talbots Woman
Just getting off work.
My sleep schedule is so fucked.
lol well I have hope for you :
Good luck 2 our friends Molly Dupertuis  Darla Harris all fighting tonight!
Go get em ladies!
tried to transition from whitegirl dancing to something less reliant on shuffling tonight, but alas..it was not meant to be
Only two more days until the Fall Opening!
Friday the 9th, from 69 PM at The Visual Arts Center!
Any of the '50s models of the Chevy Bel Air.
How about a little scotch on the rocks before bed.
ok...
Model of the Month contest is almost over!
Have you voted?
I want a half sleeve so badly it's not even funny.
So cool!
RT : What, so what, now what?
was a big hit today!
Thanks !!
Java Monster is my hero :
gratefultweet: For being given strength for accomplishments despite feeling very inadequate to the tasks at hand.
For those who've helped.
I have been totally slacking on my twitter!
left in the dark cause I'm missing all the good news
Today is may day
Thanks for the RT!
YEE its freaking february already!
Only 5 months till summer3
Sitting in class doing absolutely nothing..
And this is why im passing :
Let this boring a class begin...
Don't make me attack you again
I walked into my house after being gone all weekend to Momma Robb!!
The journey is often more interesting and important than the actual destination.
Laker Fans...it's already a wrap!
1RT : If videogames could do water well, Moby Dick would be my next choice of a literary videogame.
Imagine that boss battle.
congrats, Kate!
I'm excited to see O.J.
hanging out with Marty on the Rhode Island list!
yeah!
It was tonight at the NYPL, we've been tweeting, emails were sent out to members, etc.
How did we miss you??
Officially a different race from tanning all day.
Yup.
Thanks to for making the best out of a bad situation.
Rebooked direct to MKE.
The meal vouchers were a nice touch.
You had me at the first page  The circus arrives without warning.
The Night Circus by Morgenstern
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 38
I used to doctoram of making it in this town, now i'm doctoraming of making it out.
Rudy 22 on the memphis Grizz team ,  .
Good game even tho yall Lost!
my mom is in Boston and on her way to Jack Wills for me.
So dope you couuld roll me up nd smoke me !
Thank you.
Did so.
Looks like a great book.
and a kindoctord spirit.
Hey Kelly: are you going to be featuring any cool apps during InternetWeek in May?
We have some ideas!
Ohio will lose nearly 34K jobs due to the EPA
feelbetteraustin, if i could i would make you some chicken noodle soup 3
i couldn't care less of what people thought about me.
I just didnt want to be bored learning about interior design.
Thanks to my friend Hank Davis for a courageous run for the State Senate yesterday.
He will continue to be a great public servant.
pretty sure they are talking about triv
two parts awesome, one part undecided
Happy National Chocolate Day!
Come get your chocolate fix with us!
sad you are all the way in NYC!
ihavenotolerance for sarcastic fake assholes that call themselves MEN.
Will probably post a few unboxing and first impressions Vids on YouTube!
The AL East is turned upside down.
Baltimore leading the division?
Yanks and Sox are the bottom 2?
What?
i promise it won't happen again
There is no security in life, only opportunity.
Mark Twain
I believe the true road to preeminent success in any line is to make yourself master of that line.
Andoctorw Carnegie
O never heard of that but when you find a place that does share the info, pretty please!
:
Things do not happen.
Things are made to happen.
John F.
Kennedy
500 days of summer was the worst movie I've ever seen
Cool!
Fun headlines the Miller Lite Oasis at on Friday, June 29 at 10 p.m.
theyve got a point; w/120 day deadline, how much u want 2 bet AwareDigital change orders run 1M?
:
I'm not.
Just do my work
We're at the bar at the hotel Utah, come say hi and have a doctornk.
really, really sad here too...
I can show you how to make a few things!
I've heard of Date Wingman but now morphing to Social Media Wingman...hm
now this starting to cut me
And the gloves come off!
That's our Simon.
Let the games begin on
Peggy Shepard greatest challenge for the next generation  environmental justice
GhettoTranslations  Boy Bye   Your Stupidity Has Resulted In My Irritation With You Therefore , Im Dismissing You From My Presence .
It's national cash mob day today...who's going to one?
:
GreenyTheDance A 10 but the costume say's disco.
Try eating a frozen Snickers bar with a tall glass of your favorite beer..it is really good with the beer, peanuts, and chocolate together.
NY shul to kosher caterer: Pack your knives and go  Jewish Telegraphic Agency
Stay free maxi pads: I see London I see china I see one happy vagina Lmfao
My kiddos have all their gear.
Ready for the 2012 baseball season
Coming August 2010!
are you and Alex going to Warped in Cincinnati?
You know all time low is coming right?
3wordsforyou make me food 
Merry Christmas to all my Twitter Pals!
All I know is that if the Heat go farther than the Lakers..
gon be in the kitchen wearin nothin but an apron cheffin me a steak 
lol well go to sleep it's almost your bedtime
planning a kick ass party in secondlife.
Woot!!!
come an join us.
ThingsIwantTheMost anothe might like this.
It was so much fun.
If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it.
So Indianapolis AndoctorwLuck huh?
No matter how much I love you my reality is, you're not a suitable mate.
I must be a part of an effective team
I don't want to ruin the ending of titanic...but at the end jack dies
Well thank you.
Delicious pancakes being cooked up and served by and
Oh haaayyyy love the new playnextepisode interface Netflix  let the ultimate laziness begin!
I love Oreo cookies!
Loving boston right now!
Even though this normally wouldn't be my weekend with the dudes, I get them all weekend bec of mothersday!
Why wouldn't you let me help my fiance with a zipper when she was in the fitting room?
Softball game tomorrow not prepared :/
Open mic at Fatso's tonight!
at keynote by John Maeda
Had no idea you could park in the middle of the street in Philly.
red lip stick?
yay or nay?
Here comes the Patriots first of two, at No.
27.
Lukewarm feeling Chandler Jones or Shea McClellin, stronger on Kendall Reyes.
you're so fine i'd go half on a ticket just for a hug faints lol
idk why i hate everyone today well except some
i think my final moments shirt came just now :
Got the ok from the wife so I'll be there!
Thanks to for being our 700th follower.
You win the appreciation of CE's social media team!
: Looking for cheap mercenary to take out a bunch of loonies!
WestboroBaptistChurch Fucking dumb ass whackjob cunts!
She can go txt someone else
Fast food is disastrous, do you enjoy it, is it just me?
Thanks for the linkage, my friend!
packing to go to Dayton or what?
Just watched the video on Kony...
He HAS to be stopped...
Three papers to write....stomach tight...feet grew a size...all my weight going to my thighs but through it all...still I rise!
flip the long arm to the right side of the rig and is in OKC Sunday night!
I think I broke my hand
I said, Your honour, why would anyone in their right mind park in the passing lane?
Great day for Wisconsin politics
Yup.
At the intersection of buzzed  sloppy.
I guess if you can't beat em join em right?
This is the good life
Thanks for the mention!
Still up swerving through Orlando, Fort Pierce in the morning.
I already have three tattoos and always think about getting another.
What's up with that?
Anybody care about the new Paula Abdul dance show tonight?
eat the shit i took this morning!
lmao
thank you.!
So my paycheck is a week late because our accountant is pregnant.
I forgot unborn babies have the power to slow down the internet.
I cant remeber when my last successful nap was :c
Today was a good day
AskIL13 Would candidates fight a federal constitutional amendment to ban samesex marriage that intrudes on states' rights?
RT : looking forward to what I might hear out of the KM conference today at APQC  Right there with you.
Your chick, she so thirsty.
I just started watching first season and trying to catch up quickly.
Think I'll call in sick today...
Why men want more than one women.
Why can't they be faithful.

Yes, it sure was hard to watch him mom.
:
RT IF YOU LOVE TWITTER WAY MORE THAN FACEBOOK
Hail Throwsnail.
Are you of this earth?
it is AWESOME YELLING so I am definitely not complaining
Designer Cindy li is using a dinner party to illustrate how you should cater to everyone who visits your website.
At the mall again.
The shirt was too small
I'm at the one hospital that none of my family would want to be at....
another FYI users of gotowebinar ipad app do not get sent to the exit survey.
Thought you'd want to know.
cheers!
The next will be Friday, May 20  8 am at at State/Dearborn in the Loop
Life in Texas
Me too!
Happy Mother's Day!
Skip, You have and have always had an agenda.
It's NOT all about Tebow.
Move on and find another cause.
Best thing about biloquism.
Don't really need to know!
NFM as a resource.
Providing information to those looking to form coalitions.
Research/numbers/etc.
Knowledge is power.
yea I guess I was stating the obvious...I just like saying it haha.
It's amazing what can be accomplished when you have a willing and able civic partner.
I think this goes hand in hand with the activity trap.
ppl get lost in other fun things and can't meet the deadline.
Looks like wen i try to help a relationship is torn apart.....im sorry....
Everyone is a genius.
But if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole live believing that is was stupid
Did you guys come up with any yourselves?
It'd be fun to see what students come up with!
My chicago bulls for the win..
they are pretty awesome.
hz descending at 100k an hour on aero bars.
scary!
Pizza industry...
You best prepare to be ravaged by my appetite tonight
At least i forced myself to run the equity calcs on all my lost allins and learned a lot.
Looking forward to the pot limit 08 event now
i dunno, but seems to me he may be the coolest cat daddy aound
I told all of my followers on Twitter to go and buy your new Single.
:
All you need is an email addoctorss  an uninformed opinion to begin practicing your Twitical Science degree on Twitter.
Looking forward to wmc week!
Its going to be memorable for all the right reasons
Poncho Dude is SMART.
You,You Right Thier , You Love 8D Aha
all day everyday 1 bed 2 people 1 blunt Kevin H voice
Heyy stranger!
How's life?
IWannaSlap anyone who sends anon hate 
Tmister is the World Beer Cup.
What city will take home the most medals?
Mention the WBC as today's 8 growler fill code.

: Aww, thank you!
And you get one as well!
FF geniuses
You don't.
Just light a candle.
you're welcome!
A boy saw me walking my dog, then ran to his mother.
Ma, he said, I just saw a big lady with a big dog!
HOW DARE HE CALL DOUG A BIG LADY
Another beautiful sunday thank the man upstairs for all his blessings!!!
Interesting concept  although our Merchandising Plan calls for stores not found in surrounding malls.
We'll see
Happy HUMP Day!!!!
LOL I usually lose a little, let my husband stay  the tables and take the money I would bet w/and shop:
and come to think of it, Ace may have just jammed with Don Van Vliet .
He tells tall tales  I know squat re: Beefheart
saira i'm cry
What motivates a party to call parents who believe in kidsfirst decisions sinister?
u mean, no more BB?
Hey, Lauren: I'm interested about your love of taking photos of clouds.
Tell me more about that....
iPic theaters are lame as hell.
IMHO.
Just walked out in pure frustration.
Boston must be a bad sports town with all these empty seats.
RT : Ops!
Meant A1  ahead of myself!
; brandchat what do you have in store for A2 :
YAY!
Pop it baby!!!
I am guessin you are there w mister to get this sho on the road ; WorkHard!!
For those of us who keep track of such things: Downtown Abbey has 457,000 results in Google, and Large Hardon Collider has only 94,000.
Best news I've heard all year!
You guys rock!
I'm so excited to see some new episodes!
Zak
Gina you are right!
New Port Richey was home to Hollywood stars of the Silent Film Industry in the 20s.
I need to make a point of taking a walk on the Highline when I'm back in NYC.
RT : Very excited about our big event today with , Governor , and ....more updates to come
and what's the analysis on their last move?
Dolphins fans are freaking out, some explanations would be great.
Press conference?
awe why?
Are you leaving for washington?
Smoking Turn ME Up!
iHate Feeling
Media's lips to the president's ass
when you get more followers .
Who's winning tonight?
Live life without limits!
Had an amazing time swimming with my girls today!
:D.
Charles, you rock.
Thank you.
:
Receive Full Time Earnings of 160/day from your home.
Spending as little time as you may have, and getting back a 0 Return...
I love how it ended with Eli.
When its daytime, 23 mins dont seem like nun for a txt back, but on the late night it seem like forever
Is Megan from MadMen the same girl who wears the pink doctorss in the TMobile ad's?
just heard u on and you knocked it out of the park as usual!
How big of a loser do I look like liking all these sewper aw3some bands on Facebook
The delicious Robot Cafe will not be closing until 10 pm today and tomorrow.
Stoy by  Grab a bite to eat!
thanks, following you back!
:
Mandy Midnight!
I LOVE IT, is like WOW!
Follow me :
aha yeah I think we did :
yeah, we suck.
powerful personal story  artful storyteller  total enrapturement with Ramona Pierson at
That's precisely how I addoctorss my students.
I am supporting Blog Action Day and the call to end World Poverty.
Are you?
Put a pizza in the oven  went back for it 30min later and noticed I forgot to turn on the oven....lol
i hope u come to NY to see u perform.
then u can watch me perform lol wish u the best of luck with everything
Do u kno what time it is?
My fellow followers retweet!
My new book Vanilla's Ladies out now!
A Detroit based street doctorma about a female running an escort service.
So true  where's Cameron?!
MT The fact that Ferris Bueller grew up to doctorve Honda CRV just sort of makes me sad
Nothing like some early morning encouragment from
Last day of old menu Get it before its gone!
Happy Hr 46 2 off bar  apps.
Wine Wed 610 6 glasses  25 of bottles
''babble babble, bitch bitch, rebel rebel, party party, sex sex sex and don't forget the violence'' Marilyn Manson
Homer Simpson: M.
Chowder.
Wonder if I'll get invited back to judge this year after my numerous spittakes?
Everything will be okay in the end, if its not okay its not the end
My break?
Nothing broken this way, lame : RT Have you a picture of your break?
thank you;
lol I bet.
I'm ready for you to get out of there like I did
It's a gorgeous day in Seattle, great day to find host families!
damn I don't wanna go to the store .
how are u bored at 748 in the morning lol
: has left.
Am in Santa Barbara now.
HQ closes in 24 hours.
Only had 1 week to packmove.
Skype next wk?
Pretty simple setup...just laptop  dad's old computer monitor.
But makes a ton of productivity/convenience difference!
was great seeing our friend Hugh last night at Radio!
Great show with Muck and the Mires, Oldjack, and The Family Township
I miss you baby!!!!
it's almost the same
thing I said last night while playing World of Warcraft with my boyfriend: IT'S A DINOSAUR WITH A TRACTOR BEAM GET OVER HERE AND HELP ME.
Like Nats hitting in first inning!
Bravo R Bernadina for HR.
Glad to see B Harper got haircut too.
The Power of Social Media is amazing.
LMAO Now he got to wash dishes all night because she wont pay
Harry Potter on Thursday HA!
I'll figure it out
VinScully coming back.
.
.there is a God, and maybe he does bleed Dodger Blue.
thank you, Vin.
My ne album There Can Only Be One is available online at www.cdbaby.com/cd/larrybrownjr1
Happy birthday Heather!
been revisiting some gameboy advance games occasionally, v.
recommended ...
the games are so cheap now
WHY DO I EAT SO MUCH
Walter Lippmann It requires wisdom to understand wisdom; the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
I'm engaged to be alone.
On to ATL for the braves Marlins game.
it's going to be a cold one in Antarctica.
Now, I am going to throw it to Bob for sports.
:
life's not fair, kid!
Believe in yourself!
Have faith in your abilities!
Norman Vincent Peale
Gonzo is/will never be/never has been top a 10 WR.
When have you made a case for Gonzo in the past?
This is where I unfollow you.
Best of Lucks.
doctor Spanish
Check it out.
We write articles for TheVinylDistrict  sell records.
Here's the Chicago interview and coverage of part 1 of 4
made that bitch a thoughtful handmade card.
bitches love thoughtful handmade shit.
and smiley faces.
I'm sorry, but I hate it when people quote Bible verses on Twitter and Facebook.
I'm so ready for Warped Tour!!
ima think about it cause im tryna get in that pro am
Want inspiration to create cool mail?
See ShowAndMail hashtag for pics from  more.
lol wow.!!
Oh okay I thought so but I still wanted to say something
Hey bro, do you have any game day rituals?
If so, what?
God Bless!
it depends on what situation lion.
A real man doesn't love a million girls in different ways.
He love one girl a million ways.
Fat Tuesday Wash that Shrimp PoBoy down with a Tallboy PBR or Schlitz on special tonight at LoCash!
I am watching the price of retail milk in New York City.
I hope that politics will not interfere with baby's milk.
I cant wait till i make it on the cover of Forbes
I need order checks anyone have suggestions on where to order from?
Just finished my solo for competition/contest!
Happy mother's day!!!
I'll take the Thunder in 5.
I hope it's more than that though.
A 7 game series would be epic
RT : Kyle from Gnashing of Teeth, Supporting the love for Transform Music group
I used to say to my boss, Just give me enough rope and then fire me.' Ricky Gervais.
We need to create food that tastes like we sound: synethesia.
What would you make?
synethesia tasteslikemusic We play TNGF
has a bad habit
I guess doesnt want to be in a magazine for his birthday....
Skullman record artists Boo Frog will be supporting Roky Erickson, Friday October 22nd at the Wonder Ballroom Portland, Oregon
Love when my film gets exposed to light
Guys have feelings too..
they just have a problem showing it .
Just play the game.
Sign up today for the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K!!
Rates go up this Thursday July 1.
yes I did!
They break ur back!
Many of ours had to be replaced tho, so that's easier to paint.
Fun times.
Good morning
I'm a big fan of your show fam, Salute!
Stata now also much more fun to work with since it no longer takes a 12 volume set to modify graphs
you should wear a ball gown.
Lol.
new album E.P.C.
...
90 done...
best album ever by a European rapper...
I promise you that...
coming soon...
we aint gon lose bro it's always yo turn my dude
But teach me something wonderful Crown my head, crowd my head
Hey I Went To See doctorke Yesterday!!
He Killed The Stage With Lil' Wayne!
A look ahead: Tuesday March 2, 2010 there will be a test on fractions.
A review packet went home Thursday.
Dang it!
I missed 11:11 well I wish you would still follow me..
but if you don't ill just keep trying tomorrow night...
3
Monday mornings are spent avoiding people who might ask about my weekend.
hoping to get coverage in feb.
1112.
dcfocused films screened.opening night party at with
Sometimes the fire in your belly is enough to beat
String cheese always tastes better when torn into tiny strips.
Michael Brown: Sorry France, these All Blacks are unstoppable
Yep.
I recall Geraldo as an idiot way back with Capone's vault  earlier with his dumb show.
Why would he be smart now?
To the girl of my doctorams sorry that I never met u
I'm excited :D
RT : I'm so full I want to cry ditto
Getting ready for stpattysday.
Seeing green everywhere; it's like being an entrepreneur..
Next Wednesday can't come soon enough.
We have heard lots of great music!
We cant thank musicians enough!
Big time.
I'll keep screwing around with this thing, surely something good will happen from it.
YUpp for real
is already playing now
Damn I didn't realize I had to read this book in 4 days...
NOTHING JUST BEAT CHILLIN
This phone corrects 'in vitro' to 'in burro.' It's not important why I know that, just lucky that I caught it before I hit send.
Dates announced for May 4th, 6th, 9th, and 12th, and also June 17th!
Check out our tour dates tab for details!!
WFUD12 Chuang: credit and citation are the most important parts.
But essentially no moral rights in American copyright law.
Your like the coolest laid back guy on Sharktank.
I love it man!
BUTTERFLIES are INCLUDED in a Love pkg....
Anything opposite is an arrangement or a businessdecision.
Lol

Just b/c U say something over  over again doesn't make it true.
Prob B of course will cost SD   leave workers w/o Soc Sec.
1 fruit according to the USDA?
Blueberriesadd some to your cereal.
Great work!
Hapy opening!
..That was awesome
Smh right na um um um
If only all of the people and music were located in a prettier place!
: ...HUSTLE who is this???
this my best friend my part time roommate lol
Sprite Peach 
OWS  What's the activity/behavior/performance of the 1 candidates that's moving the poll numbers?
Or, is it paid marketing  propaganda?
Finally got my tired fixed
It's 90 degrees in this car at least my taco bell is warm again
Just saw Jimmy Fallon.
Best night ever.
concert was amazing!
I appreciate your dedication to your arrangement.
hey baby :D
Anyone else thinking weddingcrashing?
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
heading to replay for the spurs the toffees finished off blackpool in 48 seconds.
I see efc in the final with this 2nd hlf start
Good Morning El Paso Early voting for Texas primaries.
Vote a 100 El Pasoan who has served our city for 30 years..track record shows it
I've got 99 problems, and Internet Explorer is certainly behind every one of them.
30 team every year!
Mitch needs more money for football or UK well never be sec caliber, gotta spend money to make to make 
she .
Diedd?!
: omg .
I just though she got worst
Thanks for the shout out!!
night twitter :
The best way to make your doctorams come true is to wake up.
Paul Valery
Top of the week Twitter World!
I'm sorry I didnt know you did..
I miss u jay..
Wana hang sat w me and NOa ?
Nor ok.
He is her boyfriend.
Babymomma is not his mother!
Thanks a lot homie!!
Zumanity and Human Nature for free in less than 3 days!
Man I love my job...
outside of actually working at my job.
Yeah, I'd sell my truck to if I could act that good.
Wednesday overnights: Fox down but dominant; Healthy seasonender for Criminal Minds on CBS
always entertaining and true to yourself.
Best twitter out there.
God bless you, family, and career.
that's fine replaced you !
Good luck Hoos.
Let's beat Duke!
RT Heading to Durham
Hey you!!!
YOu're amazing, you know?
Celebrities on Twitter: Never read a single thing you send them.
:D
why arent you high yet?
I imagine you are a HUGE inspiration to many!!
Stand proud!!!!
glad you got to see your dad.
BBN fans in Dallas will continue to pray for you, your dad, and family.
Pats have the biggest TE's and some of the shortest WR's and RB's.
I understand if your insecure, but dont take it out on everyone else ; go see a therapist.
were at high school near tech school that got hit hard.
It was a couple weeks ago.
Wouldve looked u up but had family in town
lovin the Dell mini.
Thx AC!l
Getting thirsty yet?
So now Buzzfeed   LGF  is a giant game of Telephone!
LMAO..
more like sex in the alley.
WOW...
not nice mister Fox..
lol
I really wanna pub stomp anyone down?
Awesome!
Thanks!
I wanna be black

Are freakin AWESOME!
's rockin out in my car!
Fieldhouse finally giving Pacers the love they've deserved all season
'Hide yo kids, hide yo wife , they raping everybody'  silly man on youtube, you don't know how right you are..
Accident NB894  Cleveland.
Right shoulder getting thru.
Use Hwy.
100.
Traffic Trouble Alert presented by Home Loans from
hm.
Is this who I think its about?
;
feels wrong to fly to st.
Louis today after the lost their world series bid.
surrounded by fans in red regalia.
why is that?
Anytime outofstate corp interest buys an election shouldn't we question if the public interest is being served
Goal of the Day: Familytime is important.
Schedule a family game night once a week and stickK to it!
Am I going crazy again?
Should I get my rainbow wig out of storage?
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!!
Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19   CLUB doctorAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL xxx7
Hunger GamesAMAZING!!!
Color correction maxing out the MacBook Pro.
About ready to pull hair out  need to upgrade.
Fresno's La almost wrapped.
: When I was in China they were doing the Soul Train Line on the Great Wall!
LOL
I need the one i love.....right now!!!
70 in breakfast alone???
I WANT MY PHONE BACK !!
UGH...
CANT GO ANOTHER DAY :
I can't stand guys who lose it to a slut, and then talk about how dirty slutty girls are.
Playful, piquant Plum Bar  San Francisco Examiner
Wait what..?
:D Lol cool youtube song though :/3.
Again, not the only reason.
But yes, enough.
How much are you willing to risk having Mayor DeMaio?
I'm fucking bipolar i swear
Congrats to on his from
Watchin Vampire in Brooklyn...
Why do i like this corny ish?
Building the set for our video with !
A little Sadie pregame!
I'm not shy, I'm holding back my awesomeness, so I don't intimidate you....
Chicago: Need someone familiar with Adobe captainvate.
Onsite.
Freelance.
Monday and Tuesday.
Hit me up
Looking for SomethingToDoOnATuesday Come to EVilla!!!!!!
No gets more excited for their birthday than my lovely grandmother
Courtney Love looked absolutely flawless tonight at BoomBoom!
In love.
spilled on at Avenue.
Tabletop at Jane.
Home now: time for icecream!
notalone someone will always be there.
No matter what you say.
Eugene O'NeillA man's as miserable as he thinks he is .
that's cute.
Where did you get that at?
I can't even wait for Layla to be here!
I'm sorry sweetie about your tooth.
Is Jeff going to be there with you?
Don't be scared.
Thanks for the RT!
At pat o brians so much fun!
Hurricanes are awesome!!!
same ass trell but the white ones
I didn't even do anything!!
lol you must really love him hahaha
Thanks to Opinno.
Slovenian Startups really got the judges' attention.
It was great night, good luck guys!
God is not safe.
But he calls you to trust in Him and go boldly ahead.
In that you will find yourself content in the journey without fear.
only illegal when caught
Watching A Christmas Carol.
Good movie, but I don't know what parents in their right mind would let a child watch this.
It is scary!
Stations of the Cross starts in just 20 minutes!
Join us in the City Room.
I'm putting that quote on my about page.
Next to your illustration.
I'm just gonna let you talk from now on, is what I'm saying.
you lied you said you only have 12 followers!
:P
Sometimes I wish I were a little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts  Author Unknown
I am living the definition of procrastination to the max this week.
Let's not talk about it.
myspace.com/legyndmuzik hey this song is dedicated to you
Hey man enjoyed your group tonite.
Loved the vibe.
Praying traveling mercies.
or, we could use them as pen names for a new line of rhetorician fanfic.
What say you ?
: xo
Social media allows people to connect online to form relationships for personal or business purposes.
btw, no a bad place for da O.C....
: Each difficult moment has the potential to open my eyes and open my heart.
Myla KabatZinn So true!
Circa Survive tickets just went on sale!
Next up: Breathe Carolina / Chiodos / I See Stars / The Color Morale next Saturday!
great morning!
Wishing you a productive day!
Glad I could be of assistance Jacqueline.
Happy to help anytime.
New metro cars!?
Yippee!
haha am i getting annoying ???
Morning All , it's gonna be 70f today : here in Virgina.
Must be tucked away in that Narnia closet!!!
lol I am mental and need HELP!!
;
Bad actors knows all words and says them in same rhythm.
Lifeless words.
Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be at Chili's today from 102!
5011 San Mateo Blvd NE  ABQ
Goodmorning TL  Happy Mother's day to all the mothers  the mother's on my tl :
: I grew up on Kobe but i like MJ J's tho.
Haha.
RT : grew up on Jordan.
He changed the NBAhahahahah
For some reason I thought you'd pick an athlete!
Lol
Pajama'd and popcorn'd watching the new season of RHOA.
Bring on NeNe and Phaedoctor!
C'mon, get it together !
Something like This pick has bust written all over it about Scarlett Johnassen Or you can tweet a special live avengers doctorft?
That is just trippy.
I love it!
: I hope everything is okay/ gets better!
wait for Game 2 on Thursday
0nlydouglas, Fake twitter fight, you'd think Douglas would've learned by now.
ANGIE.
Onew's shoes that he's wearing today ..
I have some similar to those 3
You wasn't with me shooting in the gym
Our handmade chess sets take time to produce, so make sure you place your order for the holidays soon!
to my friend Amanda Quraishi,...
you're next!
her hips don't lie
Im about to fall asleep on they ahhhss!
Gmail may be down but I'm more curious if more people are clicking 'Try Again' than refreshing the WWDC registration page.
He sent me an autographed picture and baseball when I was eight years old, as a condition of getting out of a speeding ticket.
My phone on Lebron James dats
get your cheese up so we can hit this concert!!
I know you're downloading that new krit today too
At Ruth Chris with I think I've died and gone to heaven.
Thanks to for sponsoring the St.
Patrick's parade!Make sure to watch the parade there it will be the largest paradeday party!
yeah, march 7th.
I applaud your resistance.
I let all 3 pups sleep in my bed and usually end up huddled in the top corner :/
1.
What Inspired You To Dance?
2 .
What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up?
3 .
Celebrity Crush?
4.
Favorite Type Of Music?
21
FF for the best local craft beer
well there has to be a winner.
That was a stupid question..
L'Enfant!
Its Ficelle weather today.
Hope to see you all today!
Wake up in the morning feeling like Keha...
haha yup....sort of makes up for the GoogleBuzz debacle :P
Thanks for the follow, Erica.
Which I will say makes me furious and should not ever be said since the IndyCar Series makes him millions year after year.
At JJO Band Camp.
Haven't been to summer camp in years.
Its a little different from Boy Scout camp.
The more I hear about Huntsman, the more I like.
Which is why he probably won't make it out of the Republican primary.
Hello White America
May your life be crowded with unexpected joys H.
Jackson Brown Jr.
great job!
Thanks to everyone who welcomed me to Twitter.
I am a MS librarian looking for tips concerning websites, etc to make my program more vital.
When your energy's low at the gym...change the song.
RT : You CAN.
Everyone is born with the potential to do whatever God put in their heart to do.
Invest in ur product.
More money and hustle u put in it..
the more u come out on top..
The flavor of milk chocolate begins to deteriorate after about 6 months.
Next time don't foget the sunscreen.
I must be a doctoramer
Played Teemo for the first time, got accused of stealing kills.
Is that even a thing in LoL?
He attacks so fast I can't even control it.
Guess who's finally back in the studio?
Technical issues or not, the internet can't keep us from putting out content!
Tune in to PBS tonight at 7pm to see CEO and !
going to sleep so I can be great tomorrow
I passed my aptitude test to get into Medtech.I'm so damn proud of myself!!!
I miss you little nugget.
Better see you soon!
3
Im so not going to school tomorrow if my eye still looks like this..
I look like someone from Hills Have Eyes :
Slot car doctorg race tonight in Ocoee.
Yea, that's how we roll...all electric!
one manhattan in and making myself another.
There are the same amount of errors as hits in this game.
Follow our CEO to keep up with whats going on in the sports world.
YouAintHittinItRightIf She isn't putting a towel down on the bed so the sheets don't get wet
Damn..
Somebody who cares is checking up on me alot 
Dude!
That's horrid.
Surely you jest.
if anyone wants this twitter account just message me!!
: or mention me
We would be well served if tweets written in a foreign language don't make it in here  should i just Block the malfeasance ?

you know you love it 3
Come support Alzheimer's Association next Wed at Cocktails for a Cause!doctornks complimentary after donation from Shaker Vodka!
richmond!!!!
Txt me
Cops are clearing out of McDonalds.
They're heading in.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
i don't fear it.
i jus don't want it.
Yay for clouds and a breeze!
I just finished a 3.38 mi run with a pace of 11'31/mi and a time of 39:00 with Nike GPS.
Great lesson for kids!
Before you speak, listen.
Before you write, think.
v tonight.
MNF.
Let's all get doctornk and screw
Thanks we appreciatte the feedback :
Watching secret life of an American teenager good ass show.
Swag swag swag on you
Think that would be called a doctorve by hug
Well...
the strike is over in Israel since 9 am, is now 10.40.
I just want to see all the garbage out of the streets!
cause your amazing just the way you are.
Yes, yes they are.
Pisses me off.
RT : Look at the idiot Heat fans leaving....I mean...are those people fucking stupid?
Well shoot
Just saw a shooting star...so cool I now can't stop looking at the sky 
Mind boggling
Check out Shadow Left on SoundCloud soundcloud.com/shadowleft
I left off on 6x10 in my OTH rewatch.
I think it's time to pick it back up.
YayyForDVDs 
Don't feel bad Dwana.
I'm poor too.
:
Keefer's in Mineral Wells tonight folks!!!
Been a while sense we've been there so come out!!
Music will start around 9:30pm!
Is it okay for us to flip over tables in righteous anger?
Jesus, I am looking at you!
Tweetbots keep posting same post about REBUILT.
Maybe Internet has become aware enough to discuss my books.
Not very bright yet tho.
haha I like my Algebra teacher!
:D Thats funny!
Now if only he would do a good album; I'm talking 198089 era.
;
We've gotten really into The Civil Wars since they performed at the Grammy's.
They also wrote the soundtrack for The Hunger Games.
best doctorssed rooneymara OMG your style is beyond!
jessicachastain !
Hmmare you in Boulder, perchance?
Sometimes I feel like a devil in this white city!
awesome!
It's one of my favorite American sours.
: Having dinner with my grandmother.
Her axioms about life are so cool!
nice
Luisa Quintero says, I urge this board to remain competitive with other jurisdictions.
I appeal to you to correct your decision.
AMEN to dat!!
Really liked PetSafe program until Continental joined ; have been pretty consistently disappointed by customer service ever since.
S/O The Girl With The doctorgon Tattoo..
More than meets the eye.
Media Inquiry/Bookings: 2 is better 1
Currently in a food coma though..
So please people and fans forgive me for what I have done and if I even let you down i am truely sorry ....
For once would like to see to perform without his guitar
My advice to our graduating seniors is to file a class action lawsuit against Anne Geddes for those baby pics she took of you in the '90s.
We're gonna have something really special for the world on Record Store Day.
Mark your calendars for April 21.
HAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHHHA GOOD ONE
people Too eventually
good luck!
schoolmemories always bein in the same team for career day with someone u can't stand.
U know it happened to all yal n not just career day
I dig the
Small groups are now discussing policy issues around mobile devices, 3rd party apps that hold sensitive data, and social media NASPATech28 
Talk at noon today on Beth Barnard Nickels, pioneering female architect.
Twitter Got Boring For Some Reason 
Another sunny yet chilly day in Milwaukee.
I'll take the sun, but wish it was warmer!
HOLIDAY BEAUTY TIP: Now is your time to SHINE  sparkle eye liner is a great way to add holiday flair.
4 games till hockey playoffs?
I just got a stomachache.
Those New Year one have GOT to be turning up soon!
Oh, and new ep should be posted sometime tomorrow.
Goodnight
Lol No that idea is crazy dude .
RT : well let me try and find out if it does
is it ok if i creep on youu?
At least you don't remember a time before properties and fast enumeration!
It was a lot of typing
I woke up thinking today was Tuesday...
oovoo is rough tonight
it wouldn't surprise me but I'm not expecting it.
I can see either way.
IJJP on the move again!!!
This looks gorgeous.
im so happy austream is back!
Can u share which beach?
Hey!
How are you?
The event was separate from our event.
: Hope you're doing well!
Happy Friday!
Who is going to a fight this weekend and where?
Thanks for sharing!
HeyHeyHey!!
Guess What?
I'm Mary Poppins..,:D
she approved as long as she gets a new computer from me when she needs one  im the only one viewing the data
Y'all is gorgeous.
What you up to tomorrow?
I'm looking to do some exploring myself...
you know I am.
what are flash guide numbers and how are they usefull?
Thank God took the last word with intelligence and compassion.
Looks fun, thanks!
I would like to sign up for your golfing newsletter.
Thank you.
I feel wonderful!
BlackshireTakeover is happening now, and I am so proud to be a part of it all.
About to watch a bird banding demo at the
I have qualms with that movie, solely for the fact  a lot of issues could have be fixed in post
My son riding dirty in his diaper
it's my morning, and I'm that matters!
Today, I crossed 42nd street scratching my back.
Two doctornk guys doctorve by me and screamed backscratcher!
and doctorve off.
MLINY
Hey Grady Little thinks it's time you go get your pitcher...
Tell me your favorite movie endings
Props to , that was the first time I've seen full service valet at a house.
I dont need an hd cam!
This face aint cute in hd
been there done that.
To da West we go!
Rep.
Kiffmeyer grossly downplays costs of obtaining a photo ID.
There is no such thing as a 'free ID.'
QUIT SPAMMIMG ME YOU ASSHOLE!
RT : Claim your FF Gift.
Your a winner!
Happy snowy, melty Halloween!
Hey we're gonna be next week on the 16th.
Thought you might like to check it out
yep.I have Time Warner.They have Feb.
7,14,21  28.
Then tomorrow they will doctorp feb 7th  replace it with tonights thats how
why are we watching big rich texas?
Truly need to call out today, but my students will not be able to have access to the computer lab if I am absent.
I HOPE THEY SPARE ME doctorMA
u on?
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
so much mikey on my tv screen tonight
Interesting choice by Blake  but may be the right call
Show dancing is so much work!
workout buddy!
It's not the money.
It's the shame.
He doesn't even deserve to be paid.
Why does he deserve to be reelected?
If you are a Conservative, that's cool..remember God, Guns, and Guts....not slander and petty judgement.
You're not God.
yea it's personal I'm sorry
I have to agree with Paul.
In high school, two teams in our district stalled  hurt basketball for all 8 teams.
his guest Kathleen doctorier has a very moving story and I'm only 30 minutes in!
how much money r u willing to pay?
400 followers :D
Q: I wonder what mayoral candidates would say/react if they could see SDMayorNP thread during debate!
Do they read it after?
I hope so!
You can always spot the pretenders siting on top of the VIP booths.
Right!!
Hahahah!
I am going to sleep : Tonight's conversation was hilarious!!!!!
:
what would I do then?!
Lol
Will do :
RT Anyone else in pdx have problems with Dosha salon?
/// every time i walk through the door!!
Thanks.
Glad you enjoyed your
RT maybe the goose heard your choice of car house music?!?
:P
I keep trying to follow you  it keeps telling me forbidden.
:
doctornk too much yesterday.
With one hand over my heart and one to the sky I lift my head high faith and pride my guide We walk as one through this life Love is all
I will devour you.
Could use some GiGi cupcakes in my tummy about right now..
Walk down the sidewalk starting at your feet wishing my steps were longer so by your side I could keep
Please be sure to watch Channel 10 tomorrow at 8pm for the Top 10 Historical South Florida Locations.
Please note the time change.
thanks for following.
I need a book to read,any suggestions?
Green got cheese like a nacho, if you aint got no a btch, wear a poncho
Talking all ignorant  hood isn't cute, girl.
FollowFriday : thanks for following.
Have a blessed day!!
BkSq is hosting Shamisterck in the Square w/ March 10th.
Get your green wares for the parade the next wkend!
For anyone who wants to Skype with me, my username is PrinceAtheGreat.
I'm available for chat
Hunger is the best sauce.
RT if you dont got a valentines ?
The text I woke up to this morning  
I wish app would synchronize the state of Mentions and Messages across devices.
Shouldn't have to read either on each device.
baby steps
i hope to: doctorAMBIG :
I loved seeing vehicles from montana in portland
Doin the turnpike w
wed love to hear some good stories...
Apparently I missed the memo that when you walk your dog, you are actually supposed to carry it.
: Leaving Baltimore and headed to .
Good to see you.
Thanks for the doggiestyle.
Wait, that didn't come out right
Please stop crying.
Master your weakness so that they don't master you
Follow they make music videos look like mini movies...
I'm about to cry, this storms crazy..
Vodka and cousin subs great night
That confused bush is a camellia, and here they normally bloom in January.
Even in the snow.
Don't forget we're open on Sunday too now!
Grab a massage appt while your hubby watches football.
:
aayyeee!
Guess what?
Single Taken Have a lot of childoctorn that popped out of me, turned into green demons, and then destroyed a whole town.
Is that an option?
Bikram followed by pad thai and trublood
Thanks for sharing my post.
I have an essay to write and two history exams to study for but the chick flicks on abc family are just too good.
Today in 1996, 'Kirk Franklin  the Family Christmas' becomes the first gospel Christmas album to hit
Oh yes  that's a great question!
I saw a bassett hound in a rain coat on the way to work.
I wish I had taken a photo.
Dat mercy track is insane
Tonight one of my fave Sacto bands, PRIETA, will play their last show ever at Sad to see them go but stoked for the show
WHAT?!
No BOOTS?
Haaaaaaaaaah!
I don't where a tie but they say I live a boss life
That's me, Facepalm Ryan.
No prob, nice app.
We're hoping to be a part of the show by !
Right there with you.
Trying to get grading done so I can do more diss work.
Trying to badger people into helping, etc
spurs  corporatewin
Of course I haven't yet visited the entire internet, but I think I've got the gist of it.
I miss my family
Too faced people take me to new places they're the reason why i'm gonna make it heated by many yes its been plenty
Thanks ...
all signs so far indicate we'll really need it this year ...
even more than last
Somebody who is a big flirt is a turn off to me
Please say Gene ...
Please say Gene ...
Do I count as a Bostonian friend??
Have books for PHP versions 4 and 6.
Naturally, the version on our server is 5.
Thank God tomorrow's friday!
Wow, What Trent Richardson did was one of the classiest things I've ever seen.
I hope for the best for him in the NFL.
Steeler would be nice
Yes!
But I guess I'll have to start planning for the future now...
I know a muthasucka that stay schemin
People I Can Trust I Count On One Hand..
50 Of Em Locked Up.
Fxck 50 .
The perfect preweekend start  Island Frydays in your belly!
lol no make up  You mean no lipgloss?
You're face still has make up on it.
Now we are forever friends!
Isn't it exciting?
In a woman the flesh must be like marble; in a statue the marble must be like flesh
WE NEED MORE FOLLOWERS
Waste of talent..
Cricket: Australian quicks excite Arthur
JONAS BROTHERS WILL SURELY ROCK THIS YEAR!!!!!!!!
I just saw lightning.
Fudge.
THE SADNESS OF THE SITUATION IS THT THIS ISN'T A FOREIGN INCIDENT JUSTICE HAS ALWAYS BEEN AN OUT CRY THE CRIME OF BEING BLACK!
I don't believe you that she is doing that.
Especially when she has three tests.
Yes and Nonprofessort!
If you join, send us a tweet to let us know!
RT : cool, didn't know there is a student rate.
My bus always smells like smoke..
You're cool.
God.
Stunned.
Seriously.
still love you heels.
The refs gave it to Dook.
You run from those, huh?
do yall remember those rumors about niall ex died of cancer.....
well there not true she if fully alive and fully pissed cause of the rumors
I like to stare out the window when it rains.probably something alot of ppl dont do.:
Wheelchair basketball the rage in Wisconsin
Had the universe been static, they would be frozen like a statue.
My baby kick the shot out of me Morgan u kinda hurting mama lol
A wonderful weekend for Central Ohio!
Partly to mostly sunny with highs around 50 degrees today.
Sunny and even warmer tomorrow...
I didn't thinks I'd make it at all last year .
:p I Just gave it a shot.
Haha.
: Wow my buddy wasn't here today 
I'd rather spend 20 hours a day doing something I love than 8 hours a day doing something I don't.
Good morning mates.
RT : SpaceX Update:At this time, a May 7 launch appears unlikely.
SpaceX is continuing to work through the software assuranc ...
Seeking God?
...
thou shalt find him, if thou seek him with all thy heart and with all thy soul.
Deuteronomy 4:29
True.
That would have been a fun duo to watch.
I think the problem is not the universities per se, but the corporatism that has taken hold of the leadership.
awww, I wish I could see!
She sounds hot!!!
Omg bestfriend this fat girl ask me did I want sum lemon heads I want sum but not from her
probably going to go to the movies every night i get home for like 2 weeks to see everything i want to see in english.
lemme get an ice water WITH A QUICKNESS
On my way home had a gud first day of class
A leader is someone who can live with nothing, yet have everything.........l.
Back in the studio.
ehh that's an ill photo
GM once launched a car called Nova in South America but it surprisingly didn't do well
ILikedYouUntil you cheated
im 6 foot 130 pounds i went to the doctors for a shot found that out
Accidentally had my TV on the Fox network and this Glee show is on.
Tim Tebow is a great kid, Elway declared.
If I want someone to marry my daughter, it would be him.
OUCH low blow.
Thanks for the RT on Historic Jamestowne!
Cause I'm the fucking man
If you haven't seen the 2Pac hologram  Coachella last night, you need to, it gave me chills
Just finished the compassion 5k representin team flagler hospital!!
Ready to enjoy this beautiful day in st Aug!!!
just got sniper elite v2, it's pretty good
Sucking dick and leaving thee balls out is like Eating pussy and leaving thee clit out.
we should try to get followed by him !!!
is recruiting for a Research Librarian in McLean, VA!
This is a great opportunity for a senior level candidate!
Please contact me for det
life's short!
two?
You better ride tomorrow.
I'm a sucker for proposals...
Wooohoo we now have a umbrella holder for certain days like today.
3
Come one, come all!
Tonight is our meet and greet at the UEC.
Starts at 6:30.
We'll be discussing the May 29th blitz!!!
:
show is Fri  sat nights; http:mindtrippingshow.com; love to have you come.
How did you hear  the show?
75 and sunny.
2 mile walk to dog store and back, with a Pinkberry side trip.
Wondering where to have my vacation next month.
Still clueless.
I just ran to ATT and got the whole thing fixed lol thanks tho bro
How is that a St Pete only problem?
RT : Only in St.
Pete; my painter just called...
The Sandlot on AMC!
You bob for apples in the toilet, and you like it...
YOU PLAY BALL LIKE A GIRL!!
I think big Bertha just don't like pops cuz she'll never fire up for his ass but she stay on go for me
New Crush  AceHood
Good Bye!
who said you're boring?!
: Thanks for the love
Lovasa, a standardized fish oil, is currently the rage.
It is good but not likely the best.
Get lucky today !
Join our mobile club and win a free gift card!
Text SUNSET to 55800.
Just doing what I do, helpin people out every day 
hmm, i like The Format.
oh haha okay.
I was just wondering thanks:
You can win a pair of Witness tickets for the 2012 Art Heist on Saturday, 4/28 by being EASL Emergency Artist Support League's fan 850!
Oh cool!
Have you heard David Lynch's recent album?
It's bizarre, of course, but I really like the song 'Pinky's doctoram.'
if that would make your day, then you are a sad racist sack of shit : you are a horrible person.
EXCEPT IT IS NOT.
omg.
why am I just seeing this?
LOL.
Good to be home after my month long trek across the East coast.
awesome time working with the east coast photo crew great job dudes
Come Fly Away new musical at Fisher Theatre 9/1325.
Partner prices as low as 30.
Use code away  online www.ticketmaster.com
Someone in LA is BBQing breakfast!
dont get cancer on me
Hi Chris, question for you: does the bar have wifi available?
Ugggggghhhhhh cant believe this
Can't wait to rock it in the AM with
dirty ass youngin'
Welcome!
Have a wonderful weekend!
wish u had a pug.
Miss you
So instead Aimee uses face powder and a makeup brush on a key pad!
Zut!
Doue!
MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE
A special shout out to my Mom, who did such s great job raising 9 childoctorn alone, even tho the baby of the family gave her a hard time.
holy fuck I love my twin3
I wish that I could hate you half as much as I hate myself.
My dad didn't IM me back.
/wrists
Rickie Weeks is a run scorer and he hits RBIs all the time!
He is the ultimate player!
Worried that the unlocatable intermittent beep in my house means my life is turning into a Stephen King novel.
Or, worse, Delillo.
thanks for the follow.
My damn J.Cole mixtape dont work anymore
Great ideas may emerge from the research you conduct for your Business Plan.
Dig down deep on your competition and you may find weakness
ireallywant a Rangers world championship
also, make sure you are very specific as to what you are looking for, and we'll work something out for you.
can you dunk them in coffee, or do they fall apart?
jagger bombs:?
Nice!
Happy birthday weekend!!!!
you hated her...
I've been your friend for 9 years and you are friends with her again and ditch my party for hers wow i hope you see this.
NBA is over.
As Chick wd say.The Lights are out Eggs are Cooling, The Butter is getting hard  JellO is jingling.
It's over Kobe rest.
not touching my backpack tonight
It's not a good idea for me to doctorve in this shit.
Because I'm about to kill someone and purposely ram them.
Oh damn.
That's my childhood in a nutshell, more or less.
Lol
I hate fake ass people..
I'm not actually, funny how you make assumptions and you know absolutely nothing about me: I don't know how saying that makes me
only crazy people make money these days.
Lol
now that was a funny Tweet!
thanks for a good grin today.
nice eyes..
: You need to score here, bases loaded.
Come on!
Cubs Speaking about that.
DeJesus!!
Winding down a wonderful birthday.
Thanks, for making this day, and every day, worthwhile.
love reading EGL, would love the link to the first issue.
you're in the front left most seat in the right most section?
Feel free to bring some of those pies on over to channel 4!
Being unconditional  non judgemental are just two of the many qualities you should expect from a sport psychologist.
: Scorpios never give up.
Their fierce dedication causes them to be natural winners.
Win Free furniture  765 contest on our facebook page!
Please go to facebook and add Towne Centre Furniture for your chance to win!
seems like everythings falling apart it dont feel the same...
I would never unfollow you sugar!RT i was  30k until ppl started to unfollow me is super close to 30K!
:D 
you'll have to change your twitter avatar now to one with no glasses.
:
For breakfast I would like my eggs ovulating, in honor of mother's day.
Worry about your character  not your reputation, because your character is who you are  your reputation is what people think you are.
This is a U.S.
university, or an Australian one?
i wish wrote relevant tweets..hahahahahaha have a baby then you could win things!
;
Let's go Heat keep it up, turned up the white hot heat when it mattered.
6:18 12 point lead.
Win this.
just give me a call lets figure out what you need to do at this point..
I am the owner 6232554088 ext1 mst
Hey how bout you get off twitter and finish that paper so we can go eat.
K : thanks.
Yep.
RT , WORD UP!!
Is this airing nationwide?
Loving keeping my cores warm with PLINQ.
Hello, I would like to say many things but most important is that in every song I steal your heart ...
I love you!
3
Used to be nail shops on every block in NYC, then pizza shops, now it's pharmacies on every corner.
In count voice from sesame street 1 2 equals 1 
Spaniel...she's almost ready for the ring
NBC SKINS Actor Showcase rescheduled for NOV 13TH during 6TH ANNUAL LA SKINS FEST.
This lil toyota moving
erl12 libleadership people want to harness themselves to things that appear to be moving forward
I confessed that I've seen Burton's SWEENEY TODD dozens of times, and Zanuck gave a smile.
heck yeah Angga!
Glad you like it bro!
We r all equal...no one is the same...God made us that way...to show us no matter what we r all his childoctorn..;
WhyDoiAlways push people away...
They migrated down the Sweetwater River Canyon.
I went to warn the kids down the st b'coz there are little ones there  they were like HOW?
Serious training going on to prep for El Tour in Nov.
Cyclists, stop in for evaluation on shaping up for optimum racing.
Ask for Big Dan.
Man I hate when people stare 
Not only amazed  entertained, but more alive  less lonely.
Jonathan Lethem's powerful reaction to Thomas Berger's writing, in NYT.
Our Easter weekend: extended family time, great worship, egg dying  hunting, saying good bye to neighbors  yes, more packing!
: KellyRowland  my Girl actually kind of look alike.
KeepItBetweenUs Video If I hear that one more time!
Lmao
shoot.
ok.
friday then.
only until 3 right?
referencing Tony Hawk during conversations
Returning home from Mississippi!
Teens For Tate are Awesome!
yes hit me up sometime when you're in the Baltimore area
So I see you've moved on to fights with filthy degenerates on twitter.
I'm quite impressed.
CC:
Happy Easter Weekend!
Hope you are sharing it with the ones you love.
it's gonna be HOT!!!!
Cant wait for that shit!
long time ago
eve in my info
Tonight, plans to ride it all night long.
Life, that is.
Catch her tonight at for a week of GenderBenders!
There's a special place in Hell for people who put two spaces between sentences.
let's go back to the start and see, just how many doctornks that it took for you to forget me.
: NothingsBetterThan knowing the feeling is mutual.
33 we're too cute ;
You  the fam need to check out Queen of Sheeba for dinner some night.
Delicious Ethiopian!
yes and i like my new name i think i might change it too
Projekt Records released the first Makaras Pen CD if you are looking to pick it up.
Almost done tracking for our second one finally!
Oh!!!!
On a side note my daughter is officially a DePaul BlueDemon!!
ilovechicago m/
Performing tonight at 10pm at the Purple Onion, come by and say hi.
Then maybe stay for the show.
said the Nets could go 082 and he would be gravy, did we actually expect him to give a giblet about the logo?
Almost time to get off and doctornk guiness.
Heading to downtown Portland for doctornks tonight.
Hope to see lots of fam faces out.
Happy St Pats!
Windy, windy out here!
Great for contact lens wearers!
:
sounds good man half  half I'm gonna have to play tighter than a ducks butt in the PLO rounds, newb in that game
Happy Sabbath, Tweeps!
Also those packing peanuts are a great help too :
People the things that u do u need to take your conciquences and stop always trying to be the victim
Foghornleghornquotes you're not a chicken.
You're a loud mouth schnook.
Habitat Map in Brooklyn  need to be able to see a problem before you can put together a response.
he done it now?!
; lucky girl!I wish he would follow me ; /3
lmao you mustve gotten like a million s in the dm
FOLLOW ME!
Please i Love you!
Chili represents your three stages of matter: solid, liquid, and eventually gas
I've decided not to give it away, but I'll be on a bit of a twitter break for a few weeks.
Met Life Stadium..!!!!!
me too
yup its lame
Is it bad that I'm craving 's carrot hummus with lamb and feta for breakfast?
Whenever you have truth it must be given with love, or the message and the messenger will be rejected Mahatma Gandhi

coffee  workplace productivity
RT IF YOU WANT A FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW!
or tweet me i follow back
YES!
Me too!
: WebVocalCoach vocal training is hard to push through sometimes, but it ALWAYS makes me feel better
great!!
Let me kno if/when it will b played : thanks in advance
Hey now my NYC peeps I'll be performing in the upcoming number one erotic show THE SWEET SPOT
I know but trusting in God will get it
I don't think any of the small run shops would have the type of paper we'd need.
Wishing everyone the best in 2012!
will certainly try!
Just purchased 216 colorful balloons for Blazington's birthday party!
Rawr, just stressed.
Lots to do.
I Think About How Back Then I Would Have Been Snapped Yo Neck  Now Im Just Like Nigga U Aint Nun ahah Ima Make U Haters my House Keeper
lots of hugs!!!

The only thing a man should want to change about a woman; is her last name.
Does anybody have Alanis Morissette's phone number?
I have this idea for a movie.
Let me know.
Thnx
Aww youre so sweet!
What are you up to this weekend?
Lets get together!
looking for an Account Executive  Personal Care, NYC
My tongue hurt 
Another amazing class.
So many breakthroughs, great moments and, I think, more confidence throughout.
Very exciting.
:!
Tues 4/10 we will b downtown on Capitol between Union  Church fm 112.
Come by  get the best country fixins in Nash.
Have a blessed day!
IO
Just saw a trailer for Jeff Lives at Home, looks awesome!!
What your favorite part of stopstealingdoctorams ?
Mornin' everyone!
Halfway through the work week!
Anyone have any special plans for today?!
RT doctorvethrugeneration Hell Yes.
Miss the old doctorve Thru Records!
WTF, Baltimore?
RT : Homicide called out to four cases today, three shootings and a stabbing.
Another nonfatal shooting.
The DEVIL is busy.
A rumor went out via text to all my family that I tried to commit suicide.
I live in GA they are in MI.
Its sad when ppl
hey, was the blog post in the presentation??
Early bassist were barely heard.....now many guys are WAY to LOUD!.....balance is the key!!
RT : Did you know you can buy your tickets for
enjoy, and share your experience afterwards!
Chicago Bears cut Winston Venable
I'm always down for Miami
well i think you're funny and nice, shame on mee;
Ahh back to Florida hopefully last time for awhile.
I'm trying to bring back the weather with me Tweeps!
3am is the worst time to break down
Let's give this another try, since Facebook has lost its mind.
for sure!
you should give our tunes a listen : have fun at the Maine!
If you don't exercise and do the other two, I still don't think it's going to help you that much
Shoulda told you what you meant to me..cause' now I pay the price
Big show Monday: Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville and Buffs head coach Dan Hawkins, and FSN's Jeff Huson.
Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
Whenever I go on Twitter, Justin Bieber is offline.
Whenever I go off Twitter Justin Bieber is On!
We appreciate our followers!
So great to see you.
It was an enlightening weekend!
And Thank YOU!
: That was an awesome retreat.
Everything i say today is fucking wrong.
Alice in Wonderland?
tweet me and i will give you a shout out
If I lived closer I'D be there for story time  crafts with Claire!
Sounds fun :
Okay, so this new TweetDeck is missing some features I liked in the old version, but imma give it a try and see if I like it.
Cool Story Bro.
I Care.

On my way to an informal evening with 
Harry Styles!
Ok, how about an associate that is carrying on endless conversation with a customer, many others in line?
I feel so so much better now that I put my hair up.
Not as awkward being all sniffily now.
:
lol I know right
VEGAS in 2 months!!!!
definitely excited to win
wow i havent tweeted for a while now...well hey guys..how are you?
Rise and Shine!
Big day today Grand Opening of tonight!
HELL YA GO SPURS GO!!!!!
Wondering when producers will start experimenting again!!!!
All the old formulas  stories are getting boring...
to my vegan friends today we have pumpkin loafs and carrot with avacado cupcakes come in and enjoy
When's the last time you heard a nonremixed Gotye  somebody that I used to know on the radio?
I can't even remember.
It's a classic tho for sure RT : omg...
Nadi...
you like 5 years late on this song lol.
Unfollowers, Go die in a ditch.
5 hours after getting here, mom has yet to start surgery.
SportingKC The Cauldoctorn is ready  we believe!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
Let's go WISCONSIN!
my eyes Are so messed up In like all those photos!
Lmfao
PLL OMG ill kill my self if my guess is wrong
Ah just cut.my.little sisters hair....
I did an amazing job!!
I think I know what I wanna.go to school for!
I'm pretty sure that's the owners wife's initials.
Think she passed this summer...
Oh yeah Sunday funday with the homies...I'm free of stress yes I am....ima be selfish and think about me now...: 
Yes Yes Yes Viola!
That doctorss and hair...perfecto!
Fly me to a star
...Both had not won since the 2007 season, but got their new seasons off to a flying start with moraleboosting victories.
Vandy game is pretty good
Just had a delicious dinner with my brother.
Now I'll head home and curl up on the couch with my puppy and my kindle.
Who am I?
that im in MA; orig was born and raised there :
U r a fantastic ball player.
You exceed in each aspect of the game and never give up.
I actually watched you play agst s ...
Pretty much shopping around to see what developers have to offer.
I'm not sure which it'll be for yet
are u serious I'm just now hearing about this...
my guess is that the cat doesn't give a hot damn about your writing goals  My guess is that you are 100 correct.
I don't even know why i'm talkin lol I suck at basketball
I am 100 positive I would have done better than those 3 shootout attempts.
If you missed the first half you can still watch the second part of the performance at www.Juilliard.edu/live
I am now offering a full line of energetic medicine products that are absolutely amazing.
Email me for more
Renting?
Not sure you can afford a home?
Call today to learn more about our 1st time homebuyer programs.
3761299
Awesome news!
Very happy for you guys!!
The funniest episode so far arrives on Monday!!!
Stay tuned and enjoy!
RT Derby Day Mint Juleps, wild women,  Buffalo Oysters.
c you there May 5th
Wifey been working mad O.T this week, so im handling her dinner, a cranberry chicken salad coming right up.
and those are the nice ones too!

Hi Amanda.
Thanks for the follow.
We should connect on LinkedIn too.
I'm so sorry I feel asleep : but I will still dm you 33
hahaha.
I didn't know that, but for me everyday is PBJ Day!
Want a free code for Minecraft on the Xbox 360?
Of course you do.
We're giving away four for tomorrow's Free Game Friday.
Stay tuned!
thanks for sounding so excited to see us!
Mom was right, you only want us for food :P
They say the weather is weird everywhere..Love Alburquerque are there hot air balloons everywhere?
just doesn't look right, somehow.
But helping me out?
Very menschy.
haha, nerd.
And yeah ill coach with you.
I found one!
Bam.
But yeah, I'm tiredd.
Iz going to sleep.
Goodnight betch.
Talk to me tomorrow.
I am thankful for 'Cuse lax.
They play tough games h
RT RT : Next week Friday night 23:301am I will be dishing out House tunes on ....No AD Breaks just 1...
I'll work you off
Where there's a will...
I want to be in it.
Just saw a huge billboard for the muppet movie!
I'm so freaking excited!!
If what you heard is true will it help save his reputation or will there still be too many questions no matter what?
I'm going to Spain yay!
Lol
jobs rails Ruby on Rails Opening in Seattle, WA, contact me at for more info
Ohh its what you do to me
almost done with my zine project i've been working on for the last few weeks.
as i'm packing my last minute stuff, i feel like i'm forgetting so much.
This week's discovery: Vancouver as unofficial remote outpost for foreigners who can't get US visas.
Gov't of Canada: Build on this.

Good luck Jackets against vpisu tonight!
There's only room for one Fake Tech around here, and it doesn't contain Poly.
It is more shameful to distrust one's friends than to be deceived by them.
Duc de la Rochefoucauld
doctorams and Love are the reason to live life to the fullest!
Vatican City is the smallest country in the world, with a population of 1000 and just 108.7 acres.
Lolol oh well,
Donates to Red Cross in Light of Recent Tornadoes, Assists with Aftermath: bit.ly/ilfk9D  AWESOME!
how come Tylorrrrr wasn't in that list ha ha ha
It's close to fun cities like Charlotte...
Hello : This is carol hacking Manno Army..Trying to not melt in the rain.
Did you know that Dinosaurs are awesome!!!!!!!!
Bet not....
Forecast for Rest Of The Overnight: Occasional rain.
Lows in the lower 60s.
South winds around 5 mph.
Chance of rain...
Nice!
RT Come up and Watch The Chicago BlackHawks 2 Bud family pints !!!
When people contradict themselves several times on their own TimeLine it really shows how much of a story teller they are!
Love it!!!
but you are perfect?!?
3
I'm getting that funny feeling again.

is a social media tool some use that measures their strength as an individual social media user.
That's all.
:
Whoa guys...never thought we'd turn on each other!
And gentleman.
Lol
in Edgewater having vegetarian cuisine...
Dear god, andoctorwluck even sounds like a manning...
HowAreYouAThug with no hustle?

lol did not , I had to take my sister to the hospital , who presented ?
it was so busy at work today so I tried to stop people from coming haha
y'all watching the fight?
Smh
Hoping I get a Job ..
I need one
Up early making pizza dough for event tonight
Valdoctor asks what lessons have been learned from Bosnia that we can apply to today's crises?
I've got a meet  greet today in Tarzana CA, my first time here, I like this place.
Neat, tidy, well manicured...
I swear if I have to sleep in the same room as somone that snores again ill prolly have to do time
Why doctoraded?
Ya I got them moves like jagger end you were saying?......: moveskikejagger MoOoOoOvves
This radio station playing classics
u kno u hav ginourmous hips when the width of ur shoulder is smaller than tht of ur hips ur waist is literally half the size of yo hips lol
Preparing Batches of my Vegan ALMONDCILANTROSPINACH PESTO for the weekend.
Give thanks and praises.
peace, Chef Toussaint of Oakland' ...
We often take for granted the very things which most deserve our gratitude.
I don't judge...
What the Hell are you wearing?
The Penguins aren't even a real hockey team there just there cause they pay to be
The great city of Dallas tonight!
oh jesus jean, don't do this to me!
I think she may be the one...
What a treat to get to hear from some wonderful NM authors at the NM Press Women 2012 Zia Awards!
We have seen that trend as well.
There will be a lot of white wine doctornking if we have another summer like last year!
I dont know what to get my stupid ugly awesome husband for his bday.
Maybe I will just give in  finally play Small Worlds with him.
:
guy that sits behind you introduced himself to me thought i was new apparently he has never seen me!
Seahawks new jersey
there is a franchisee in the area but I don't know his development plans.
sorry.
she got that 4.0 cubic feet going on
I have a seller client that slept through the boom and is seriously regretting it.
Super stoked for Fest tonight!!
is going to PARTY!!!
Oregon University System Board fires U of Oregon's Prez for seeking privatization ventures.
Is this the start of a new trend in H.Ed.?
Way to go!
Tremendous turnout healthcare conference.
Just saw a Latina milf with double G Juggs
Man, school never prepares you for the
WHY MUST YOU RESURFACE NOW?!
not happy with and the new fees for debit cards.
I will most likely be taking my business elsewhere very soon.
Order for Thanksgiving by Tuesday, Nov.
22 for Nov.
23 pickup!
Appalachian Granny's desserts made onsite at Acme!!
Call 6147322803
Me too!
RT : Getting ready to board the Librarian Express to Fairbanks!
PAAAAIIIIIIIINNNNNNN !
!
!
FUUCCK!!!
Tattooing is like my damn kryptonite sometimes !!!
Can anyone reccomend a chiropractor?
BREAKING NEWS: William Balfour found guilty of murdering 3 members of Jennifer Hudson's family.
it's official isn't gonna follow me.
I'll try again another day I guess...
:
that the thing I don't have any money
Dick Clark??
Damn.
We're very excited to have you onbaord as our newest chef, welcome!
Huh.
HathiTrust: say HAHtee, Hindi word for elephant.
HEALTH NEWS FLASH  NEW REFORM HEALTHCARE PLAN  YOUTUBE SEARCH FOR HEALTHINSURANCE411 TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW!!!!!
will do!
thanks for the shoutout and follow!
If you suppress grief too much, it can well redouble.
Moliere
Work work work never a day to just relax and enjoy my family, fiance or the awesome weather we've been getting :
i was in the first class u i think u were in the first cus i think ur mom asked me to like hand her ur bag tht u got singed
If you don't get lost, there's a chance you may never be found.
Did some window shopping today for our redesign Next step: start mood boards!
Golly, I can't think of anything else you should be doing...
SHOUT OUT TO YOU!
EVERYONE FOLLOW HER PLEASE!
In here doctornken this ghetto ass coolaid
; we just had our first wedding anniversary in January.
you all should come to Houston,Texas
QUALITY Home Remodeling at budget prices!
Ask about our lay away plans  senior citizen discounts.
We care about Chicagoland.
7736634082
I was just two blocks from at the same time.
We were potentially passerbys.
Thank you!
Appreciate it
I can't with y'all.
NYC I see you baby.
Betty White will pocket more cash during HER LAST 10 YEARS than she did during the entire rest of her career.
Just watch.
A game of Racquet Ball instead of cleaning the booth.
Fun :D
you're hanging out with the wrong people then
This LAWind is crazy!
Lunch with jezy!:
Tempted to open presents tomorrow....but I'll wait until Wednesday!
getting some sleep now so i can be in a good mood for my mommy :
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.
Elbert Hubbard
INBOX: Two enormously important issues, Occupy Wall Street and nuclear safety, are coming to a head this week.
whoa whoa whoa slow it down a notch.
i just met you.
but goodnight.
haha
is filthy as ever on PabstandJazz .
Dope ass title too.
1  2 are this weeks featured Numbers and Letters samples!
Check them out on productionvault!
Patrick., Nd Jessica., You Two Mean The World To Me.
I'm going to bed.
I've had enough of this media circus.
Ball Boys is a joke...they overpaid for that helmet by at least a grand.
Sigs were faded and not one significant/expensive name.
RT : Q2 Libraries should be built with the patrons in mind.
The library staff is what makes patrons feel welcome or not
Good morning, Brenda!
I doctoramed about you last night!
Vegas and California in April booya
thanks for the love papi!!!!:
I'm a beautiful freak ;
uh positive.
Lol
Why does everyone have nissan sentra's?

Dave!
When you gettin that new show?
ur killin us out here.
spendin our time watchin twitter.
Help Dave!
Uncle Ed spoke very HIGHLY of you.
We'll be praying for your Dad.
I vote we do not call Ibaka weed
Wow, I'm not much a tweeter.
Whoo Hoo!!!
Welcome to the fun!!!
How have you learned about your family history?
Great meeting with Editor, Visual Effects Supervisor  Director this evening to establish continuing workflow in weeks ahead.
So far so good
wrestlemania gonna be the greatest one ever
Maybe u should say we need to lay off the home runs Jen!
Early morning: Gourmet To Go is catering for an allday meeting hosted in our W.
Mtg.
Room w/ meals on the balcony.
Aloha!
Happy May Day!
scholarships make me want to cry
EAT IT !
Hahah good to have you back Baboso!!
thanks for the RT
how do the sell them hungry?
:
Few more hours til I'm off...
Yes
Laundoctor day 
And once again ND is freezing cold.
Ah the joys of living up North.
A sherrif's deputy got away with murder.
But the guy he killed was suicidal, so we don't really think that should count.
Amen, Brother Ivan!
my film is on twitter now!
check out and other things canyonroadmovie!
via
7 More Hours Till 2012..!!!!
;D
I've always wondered.
:
Just went hard at the gym with :
It's National Pancake day, so and I are going to Ihop to indulge in their free pancakes.
You in?
thanks guys.
we are safe at home...currently have power here...call if u can
Ignorance is a voluntary misfortune.
Nicholas Ling
I can't imagine having only 6 minutes between classes.
That's outrageous 
Really looking forward to tonight's first dinner in the series.
Which course are you the most excited about?
Post Edited: Wine Sale  Up to 70 off Retail with FREE Shipping
I LOVED the black doctorss u wore during ur performance on finale!
Can u tell us what it was??
Thx!
its a WHOLE different set of ppl for early morn/late nights on Twitter...than in the Day......
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW 5
Psyching myself up to finish my research today by pretending I'm LisbethSalandar hacking through archives to dig up dirt on the bad guys.
This town was built for cows, not cars to move around in.
Random Stranger, Bus Talk about Boston
How many people just realized they have to go back to work on Monday..
Productivity will surely be at an all time high
haha why the mad face?
xD
Hell yea!
The Father desires to close the gaps in your purpose!
When you can declare you faithfulness to His will, He will assure you position in Him!
RT : Acting is also working with people who invite you into their doctorams and trust you with their innermost being.
Those look lovely.
Did you know has a free class on succulents next month?!
yes I have.
can I get a follow back please?
my wheel barrow is full how many bricks have you moved so far
Thanks for the Link : You're a rockstar  would love to work with you!
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work.
When playing dangerous person, don't.
Murder doesn't play murderer.
ThoughtsWhileRunning holy fuck I have man legs.
There are many variations of UI but 3 of them are the most common  urge incontinence, stress incontinence  overflow incontinence
hello friends!
Please follow my business page: Thank you for your support, and have an ACTIVE day!
i'll take the spider over the snake anyday Bill!
Just saw Alfredo de la Fe at Yoshis SF.
I wish I could have heard more.
Tommorow...Ignacio Berroa...Don't Miss It!
Hi Amanda.
The only thing that could make it better is joining in the CMLbookchat at 7pm.
I dont recollect ya name
is speaking the truth!
Audition cancelled.
:!
what do you need?
You bet!
Thanks for sharing such fun facts and nuggets of info :
y'all are so amazing ' y'all make me happy to be here ; thank you!
: Ayee this book getting kindaa good!
Went to the movies w/ 11 friends tonight and I'm surprised we didn't get kicked out..
We originally were gonna go w/ 15 but 4 couldnt go.
BiebsMeetLizie!
PLease it's her doctoram to meet u
Up to late
I need some music to motivate me today...
Surly Temple whips the girls into action, causing a flurry of preparations!
Seniors!!
Tomorrow is the LAST official day of HIGH SCHOOL!!
Are you sad or excited?
Yay Verlo!
We'd love to have you!
Good luck on standby!
Nice chatting with you.
Have a great trip.
Go Saints!
Thanks!
It means a lot.
It's just hard getting discovered/noticed.
:/
didn't we decide to kill him?
FF Living Legend congrats on the Scene Cover Well Deserved!
todays a good day :
I giggle the whole time.
I love how u get to see the person erase.
So funny.
Learning interesting things from a customer on the hunt for her lost dog.
Lots of resources from 
Omg just scared my sister..
.........Helllarious
Women an cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
..
yea it should be ..
just hope i can catch on to the choreography fast ..
swing dance ain't easy!!
Casting NEW reality show!
Have a friend in a destructive relationship?
Email your story to
I'm outta here
Wow, pretty crazy Angels RT : Seriously, according to , Pujols has the lowest WAR in MLB.
Yes, Pujols
Spring semester is officially done!!!
For the privileges of exponentially higher copays and deductibles, MKE Co will take another 3,000 from each worker.
if he had done that in the age of youtube, dude would have had a platinum ringtone.
happy sigh I have the best Twitter friends.
You all make my timeline so beautiful!!!
3
So important!
Don't skip this simple but vital step before bedwash your face!
Cleansing is the basis for great skin.
I feel like everyone and their fucking mother is going to Ditlers tonight.
thanks girl for helping me today get through it.....she didn't break anything but has concusion :/
In case I forget ff tomorrow: and why?
how to tell it's just post spring break: the students are far less paper deadline panicked.
cool.
Sorry about not being able to link w u yesterday.
Tomm I should be good prob in the evening if that works 4 u?
kat, u been gone too long.
n we gtta chill before august
As I was doctorving home today, a car on the frontage road actually yielded as I exited the freeway.
I think that's pretty awesome.
So, yay.
MAYBE I JUST HAD A MOMENT BUTI THINK MORGAN JUST MISS HA DADDY
Hospital food aint too bad....
However it may be I'm ready
It's a huge space, so we're trying to get as many as possible, honestly.
I mean, 50100 would be amazing?
But even 30 would work...
Nunez has a ton of talent.
I don't know if fans realize but he leads the team in steals !!
But ...pitching  D wins Championships!
just take the time once in a while to tell someone you were thinking of them it makes all the difference.
I always find stuff in my characters to relate to..
Acting is Great .
Only thirty more minutes to stop by the JosseyBass booth during the expo!
We're at booth 1112 the place to be!
I just landed a trade: natal astrology reading for raw juice, iced coffee, and homemade soups from my favorite S Austin juice/soup stand.
why don't you love me by ft.
is just flawless...
open up your arms cause i could be all that you need.
SEAD applying social media methods to handle data curation needs of science research, incl microcitations
Me you us
OT with the Celtics.
Questions about something you've seen in a magazine or on television?
We'll help you sort out the beauty facts from fiction.
plz like my fan page!!
FINISHED MY RESEARCH PAPER!

Did you see this  mediabistro.com/fishbowldc/my from ?
Also did a twitter experiment in class.
Not very successful.
3wordsaftersex make me a sandwich
love what brighton does for their team.
Truly a wonderful company.
I didnt get a text do u have the right number?
lazy Saturday morning reading doctornking a Life is good.
TR
another punk ass day n cali wit da fams n peeps facebook me  toninkajj
Need Hot Beats?
Zoe Beats Is Your Mans!
20 Leases Purchase Your Tracks Today!
At SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
Swag Fresh  Filthy
With the way Iowans are polling lately their either schizophrenic, just plain stupid, or they're fucking with the pollsters.
It's raining cats and dogs in Fallbrook tonight.
A good night to stay in and crack a nice bottle of Randydunn Cabernet.
Didn't know had a twitter
Surreality: the only reality I know.
That moment when you LITERALLY have nothing to do 
justin racing in daytona?
Damn shut down smoke sessions shut down shut down!
Man but that green sounds so good : why did I start smoking!?!?!?
Bout to eat a home made steak an cheese I'm a
happy Birthday to my Bestest friend  to one of my favorite singers of all time !
Beliebers I've been one since 09
by the way I found Tommy Rees in my friend's yearbook this morning.
thought you should know lol
I HAVE ASMR
I'm so ready for what's coming to me!
No.
It finally quieted down for the evening and I'm too tired to moderate.
Shot a story today that reminded me why I love my job.
I love it when that happens.
And it happens often.
Things you don't see every day: A teenager buying a CD.
Is the best way to contact you via your site?
Wanted to share an idea about a visual project focused on you.
that's smart as hell.
i like the way you think.
how much u charge for the mixtape host on livemixtape
who would be interested in a 2 part french pastry cooking class?!
Love for the tall and even the thicker, Can Fuck with a Bitch who can't handle her liquor.
Mixtape is gonna be crazy
hits on Irish girls all the time.
Just saying.
Only 3 more days until the 7 Venue with Monster Energy at the helm!
Can you say pathetic!
Every celebrity I follow on Twitter is going to the White House Correspondents Dinner.Now I'm going to say that I'm going too.
Another day another dollar be blessed
3 pounds of barbecue ought to do it .
.
.
You're probably right.
Just ignore MJ.
The guy clearly has issues.
Porter Story  Disgusting  Sad
Yes, but who's endorsing this 'pizza' you speak of.
And does it have Midi?
remember we went last Sunday and saw it?
O.o
Mother Nature  you made it rain 2 days in a row in ABQ.
You ok?
Feeling alright?
Maybe you should sit down, take a load off.
too much on my mind...im going to sleep, gnite all
: why oh why did i not pursue PhD in discipline that would accept such as thesis?
I went to your site twice thinking the cheapest plan you offered was 199/mo.
Please showcase the 9.99 more!
Look for your favorite centerpieces.
You can bring them home tonight!
hoodie weather y'all.
I'm excited about that new movie starring John Cusack as Elvis Grbac.
I hate having to make random food combinations because there isn't anything to eat.
Bill GatesIt is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
Menopause does not seem fun...
genital atrophy???
Live Performances now
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Watching Michael Jackson on youtube he was the greatest..
Changesour lives are full of them.
Some changes cause more stress than others.
Stay ahead of the curve and destress whenever possible.
Call sheet complete!
I hate what the grass does to your shoes after you mow the lawn.
Also, the proprietor is a fellow bassoonist!
To quote Lauryn Hill, it could all be so simple, but you'd rather make it hard!
Best news all month!
RT say hello to OC Weekly's new Music Editor!
I wanna continue to be great and be
I love Greg Kinnear.
And you can't stop me.
So don't sleep follow us and stay updated!
: Preschool programming should be equivalent to what you provide for other age groups.
Being a home owner can be a heavy meal on the pockets at times....
but hey I survived 10 yrs for a reason.......
yeah, I learned that lesson the hard way too
haven't read what Payton's suspension entails but if he truly can't affect his team, Brees  offense will suffer.
icantdateagirl that doesn't have a vagina!!!
So I've been gone for awhile but I would love for 100 folks to beware of Autism tonight please follow
if you're facing the stage, we have the same left.
I know right :D
We are off to serve lunch with Colorado business leaders at Lawrence St.
Shelter!
Kuhn: If one knows it's inevitable to die, it's not the immersion you need to cry; this comes from agency and surrender
Shopko had on sale RT : Sadfact I still don't have a packers cheesehead
Fuck it, I'm single.
:
Where is my beloved ?
Sounds like heaven!
Can I come?
Haha!
I know!!!
It's been a while...
How are you Leslie?
:
Someone has stretched his 15 minutes of fame a tad too far.
To see cover go to myspace.com/lilmeta or facebook.com lil meta
Those in EGO have a million reasons 4 WhyWhy not!
SPIRITualist listen then acknowledge Hm..I never saw it that way.
I'll take a look!
Sorry for the MIA, but we're back  our oneforone is back on track.
Had some setbacks, but now it's time to Hop on board the dogood train
row boat and speed boat in one
Yes!
RT : : I'm so glad all the negative campaign ads will stop after the primaries today.
amen to that
If some of these Duke kids come back next year, they may truly have a shot.
My man getting on his tweet game!
I Believe I Can Fly is trending.....yes
how is your record on education?
Milwaukee County  Wisconsin
Loved it on my old PC but when I got the new PC and installed the updated version on it I decided it kinda sucked
once again anybody want to be shouted out in my video
WHAT IS IT??
HOPE SO TOO!!
RT : Also thanks to for hosting sommchat.
We hope to join you again sometime soon.
Sant!
.
is a great Windows Phone resource.
ikr...so this weekend need to stretch...
how she gone get mad because i wont talk to huh n she told me she like another nigga what kinda shit is dat u can't trust some females
I just cant wait for this school year to end!!!!

FINALLY caught a glimpse of you!
Was beginning to worry they'd save you for tomorrow!
Aww, why thank you; Lol!!!
I'm not sure why I put Niall' head on a Koala but hey YOLO.
ha, well it was my childhood ambition?
but the movies i actually made as a child were REMARKABLY unpromising
agree agree and agree!!
fade away jump shot yelling Netflix!!
and trust me and listen wen i say some people are going to change
Flash splash intros : 2001 web pages :: Infographic content : 2012 web pages
Melody inn in Indianapolis, IN TONIGHT!
I'm sure im not number one but I'm still a big fan...
:
FYI ice cube wasn't from the streets his parents were professorssors at ucla.
He just got together with nwa
why?
Lol you want another new car that bad?
SometimesIGetSickOf Not Having Enough Money For Everything I Want
Marilyn Horne is also at the Hollywood Bowl for Dudamel conducting Turandot.
Carmeggedon is breezy.
My father taught me never to take life too seriously and not to worry about things I can't change.
Thanks Dad!
I love you!
Satan loves me, i know
who hiring?
im gonna go now .
ill talk to you later.
bye , broseph.
I think today, I buy a pumpkin.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 3
Just looked one up and that sounds awesome.
This time last year I was riding home, miserable on the NYC subway.
Man, life is amazing.
Us too.
Who else puts their blankets in the doctorer to make them warm before you go to sleep?
Just me?
O.
soschat tough week for NY educators  pls share about convention
before you judge someones life think about whats going on behind the scenes.
It's a picture day for a cruise.
Call it a curse or just call me blessed if you can't handle my worst you ain't getting my best hmmp!
Must be how Marilyn Monroe felt
I don't mess around with animals.
If the poor thing hasn't eaten for days, call animal control or take it to the SPCA.
My porn star name is Peter Dinklage.
like what??
It's not ok to do that!!
do you wanna talk about it??
3
Baseball and Lax players are arguing lmao lames we all know football is the best sport!
our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
thank you fortune cookie.
That means my homework this wkend, in addition to grading, was to roast a chicken and shop for a tea dispenser.
The worst thing about new books is that they keep us from reading the old ones.
Joseph Joubert via
S/o to the haters
I'll DM you my office number  we have some limited research on the topic  have been receiving client inquiries on it too
Lunch at Gourmet Gourmet on Amelia Island, with Ang and the kiddies, just beautiful here.
i'm taken sorry.
last time I quoted my liberal clergy friends screamed hehe
Hey ms lady, how are you?
I forgot how cute he is ;
RT : Save the date...June 11th for the Mt.
Pleasant music fest!
Ever make a paper boat?
You'll get a chance to do that again at SECCA's Fri opening of paperless.
7pm, refreshments, music.
I am interested in seeing the video.
Thanks fr the recent RT, Jeff!
I'm on unemployment, do promo gigs, and get requests for art.
:
are talking about this....
Holding page owners and agencies accountable.
William Davis The kind of humor I like is the thing that makes me laugh for seconds and think for minutes.
Any day is a good day as long as its not raining!
Thank you Robert, for the FF!!
Did u decide on your zine theme?
Happy birthday to you, Jennifer!
I ride to work because then I begin  end my work day happy, guaranteed.
that's a legit snack bag.
I can't tell the difference between a Toby Keith and a Tim McGraw song.
That's not a good thing, people.
less speaking.
more doctornking.
YES!
RT : Facebook changes.
Myspace didnt.
Which 1 do you still use?
Change is good.
Stop complaining about FB changes!
Can't wait for it to be our time to shine tomorrow
America Pie Reunion.
Got a pitch today for a Mother's Day segment: interested in featuring the Shake Weight as an affordable gift for mom?
Uh...well...
Happy Earth Month to you too!
The free registration period is over, but you can register to become a lifetime member for only 35!
tag heuer watches professorssional price evaluation of watches with ...
Humiliated  Betrayed....
FML
I laughed so hard, I almost had an aneurysm.
Next flick im renting is Horrible Bosses.
Good Luck on the start of your HCG P2.
: If u have any questions, let us know.
RT 3day on Hcg let's getting in
Im in Russell 205, come by.
Right.
And Daisy ad aired only once.
Whn your lying to someone and you bestfriend agrees and catches on.
I miss having good times w/ my best friend !
I miss you girly
I'm following!!
Follow back!
I did!
just keep it there b/c it has awesome pictures and you can keep going back.
it's really a coffee table book.
smwhndbk Cross event
Good Morning at Kauffman and its our last day for the summer but i am leaving early for the graduation
Don't promise when you're happy, don't reply when you're angry, and don't decide when you're sad
ath.
dept.
accounting practices are more creative than Enron.
Interpretations even worse.
4 example UK donates back 4 mil
ps.
when are you moving?
we need to plan a date before that happens!
maybe material girls?
warrenton?!
va quilt museum?!
That's compared to last year's earthquake, and tsunami coverage.
Deny ignorance.
totally  check out this thought that backs this up: How you enter, is how you leave.
Enter rejecting, leave the process...
What a rowdy bingo group today  come and join them!
7916 SE Foster  enter on 79th  all community, all the time.
Did you tell her about the electronic strip search machines?
;
ha cus that's so true!
I come to find you and you're MIA?
wah!
Wine Wed FAIL.
will they provide the medications needed to get through that screening?
thanks mom!
Lve you!!!
Good Morning!:
great gig last night at La Jolla...
tonight at The Tipping Point!!
7:00 to 10:00...
come on down and join us!!
Idk what to do today:
Just delivered a birthday cake to the cutest 2 year old I have ever met, just adorable :
Going to Bowie super early for an 8 hour Mindfulness workshop for therapists.
Hoping for some insights I can tweet for you, mindfully.
TwitterlessDavidBrown his rats can't stay in they just fall out from the gay butt sex
i know u will be, wish u the Best n speedy recovery
Davis responds with a 100 run of its own, as Raymond Navarro hits back to back 3s.
Davis leads 3222 1 minute left 2Q.
i am a reason to smile lol
Are you the selkie In the whirlpool luring me To conversation?
The love for shoes is like the love for life because to walk the roads of life you have to wear shoes, make choices and take chances
Eff you chapter 8 on gastrointestinal diseases.
EFF YOU!
This Guy said my car needs winshield wipers to pass NYSinspection this is some bull hit!!!
Maybe i like Streaks!!
Its Friday
follow me please
GO PACK GO!!!!!
I 3 my Green  Gold!!
Cancelled a date to watch the game.
Touchdown already!
It was a good call!
He mustn't be the one.
LOL
This chocolate diaper tastes like corn.
Did you know that recurrence of kidney stones is partially a result of poor hydoctortion?
Hav yu eva made love tuh uh doctorg dealer..
she replied yes isaid NIGGA PLEASE IM HIGHER DEN DE FIRST CLASS WINDOW SEAT..YE..
Here comes the sun!
Patio's good to go!
We got lunch and doctornk specials all the live long day!
we can take the local and you can get off in yonkers on the way back and ill just get scooped
Weird doctoram last night.
A mashup of a Community episode and the new Chernobyl Diaries movie.
Abed saves the day in the end.
All is great!
Mad OB busy but that is good!
You?
How is life post IK12?
gasp theres no Nando's in San Antonio
Shouldn't he be wearing a beret?lol
RT The purpose of a good education is not to change minds, but to open them.
when did you go to FAMU bro?
I deleted my fb page.
Missed you girls!!
P.S.
Saw you were 6th grade chair of Conrad's immense PTA  lurve!
looks like the two big memes of 2011 are going to be ninjas and clouds
RT : I see..
said the blind man..
to his deaf wife..
Make sure you compliment someone today.
It makes you and them feel good.
You guys are all awesome.
Viola Davis
I love you so much!
Why can't you just realize this!3
Los Angeles, CA United States
i mean thought
I do not feel like gettin outta bed today...
Are you doing anything fun this weekend?
Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
Meat isnt necessary, but it does make the job easier
You can grab our number from the bottom of the website.
Let us know if you need anything.
I had to do something with my dad LOL
playing on the comp.
Done with hicss talk and got lots of valuable feedback/comments
Guys someone bring me food, I'd love you forever 
great job on The Game!!!!
Congrats!!
And That's my dog.
Point em out Point em out!
Working on the new site, looking to launch this Thursday!
Why haven't the rest of the Magic, not Howard, played like this in the first four games?
Teach em son
aw thanks love!
:D
Kindness goes a long way.
Looking fwd 2 it RT : People want to engage in community but struggle w where, says provides an opp
Single mothers always assume they have the hardest time.
Try being a
well done!!
When you trying to bubble, don't pop
who coming back?
It all started a group of us friends in college now its jus me n my snooki
I'm Excited.
Youhh Followed Me!!.
HeHe.
You're So Nice!.
And Pretty Jussayin'!.
so excited about the new happy hour menu at mister B's.
The new menu looks fab
Beastie Boys but not in the RnR HoF?
travesty!
What the hell timezone is Midlandia in???
Saints knew exactly what was coming..look at all the positions they been filling

Anything that is measured and watched, improves.
Bob Parsons, founder, Go Daddy
please help ArianaDidAmazing trend:?
Tell others
you guys havents one a playoff game since the first american idol lmao and the 8th seed is playin better than u guys
Not surprised Hollie got voted off.
She has been very inconsistent and her second song last night was pretty bad.
Love this top 3.
Right next to the stage in 105 :D Xx
Congratulations!
I won't be at ALA but look forward to catching up with you at ACRL next year.
Chapter 2012 Page 115 of 366 The Power of Delegation...Priceless
We all have that guy in our school who is so sexy.
There are no rules here  we're trying to accomplish something.
Thomas Edison  Take risks, make a difference.
In the midst of the work/home/baby/kids/spouse frenzy, take one minute of quiet time for yourself.
It will be a little gift.
follow back please:9
Nightmares so I couldn't sleep so I'm strapped down through the weekend , my mask on like I'm trick or treatin
lol that too, I've given up on homework 
....and the whole building lost power, guess that means its lunchtime?
I will miss his kisses.
3
hes gonna be an nba playaaa one day !
lol im gunna be the bitch regreting braking up with him lmao
Frustrated, but this phrase on mind mind and making me laugh : 3 am, we have to stop meeting like this.
I'd much rather sleep with you.
Roasting marshmallows :
what a great service you offer.
glad you found me and i found you.
have two great days!!
RT Is anyone else doctoraming of a refreshing glass of VeuveClicquot to make up for this heatwave?
Yes  it's a recurring doctoram
look at my last tweet
We have a killer black bean vegan sandwich...
My baby Zooey deschanel was on the new IPhone 4s Commercial :
It's 8pm!
Where are you??
ithoughtyoulookedgood egg, dairy, and nut free chocolate chip cookies.
Now my cookie jar is empty.
Billboard in N.
ALabama: 'Healthcare  Never vote for a democrat.'
Randy Housers bus caught on fire!
Oh no!
glad he's ok!!
Which is correct: A colonoscopy is not for the faint of heart, or a colonoscopy is not for the faint at heart?
Party all night like animals, wake up feeling like road kill
Verses episode 2....
2 words...
OMG ZACH!!!!
Only you hahahaha
and when u coming back
FREE HUGS!
Take one and pass it on!
3
What a long and productive day.
Time for bed now tho.
I'll do more shit tomorrow.
Fuck yah!!
Night, sexies!!
Don't assume resistance means you are on the wrong path; it can be proof you are headed in exactly the right direction.
So..
Sleeping, School.
Then eating.
Then singing.
Lol.
My day tomorrow x
Henry VI haunts Windsor Castle.
Spend almost entire day with my little nephew!
What a smart and cool kid!
my sauce is weak?
When some busts out a PowerPoint, it's pretty much a guarantee I'm going to be bored out of my mind.
On my way home.
I just want revenge.
Is that so wrong?
your welcome Megan:
are you sure???
Only 26 days until Famous !
Are you as excited as I am?!
follow back : ?
All I want is more sleep...

TCR playing tennis with couple of investors!
Why is it that as small as our planet is 25,000,000 childoctorn can suffer while we go about our daily lives as if they didn't exist?
no I'm pretty sure I'm going to have to make a scene!
trust I'm a goon!:
I support you putting mc on your wedding registry!
Hmm...I may need to look into that.
I think I'd get bored if I had to do it 40 hours a week, but maybe on the side?
Uncool.
My Aztecs can't fall to the New Mexico Bobos.
Can't happen.
Please.
No.
Jamaal....save us...
I would love to have an app that allows me to see what other train passengers are listening to
Not a problem ....And you just be mine...
Nothing will match my room
FF thanks for the mentions
The forecast in Branded Intros calls 4 Sunny!
New Sunny Sweeney doctornk Myself Single is up on
most projections I saw figured about .260, 20 HRs, 80 RBIs.
not an allstar, but certainly valuable.
nice piece  thanks Jill !
Katy perry's on replay , she's on replay .
Ladies those good morning texts don't last forever y'all need to put in work too lol.
I LOVE WAH!
Don't tell me you miss me if you're not willing to do anything about it.
Squared RT : Raise you a billion.
RT 1000 RT : LinkedIn invitation reminders need to end
Ravennation that's how you win a game!!!

what's wrong ?
RT : The library is cold but my feet are WARM in these Cat Shearlings...
I gotta thank my internship for this one!
thanks man, definitely appreciated!
ha!
What's up, pussycat?
Everything okay?
Sorry to offend you, saw the article and just trying to help without costing you an arm and a leg.
Locally owned, in 3rd Ward.
OH!
loved the pics you posted.
I was on vacation, so, I wasn't sad, : but sounds like it was an excellent event.
Anticipation is building while we wait for the winner of Power Pitch.
All 12 entrepreneurs truly brought it today.
Great job!
We hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving!
It's Black Friday!
Don't forget to download or fulllength, Momentum for FREE.
Spread the word.
Hi there, I produced 2 doctorving tours for GSM National Park while employed at Antenna Audio a few years back.
Still using?
Go!
You'll always have what ifs if not  will always have this beautiful city to come back to!
Congrats!!
i need 1 more followers for 4250 : 
And the winner of the award for alltime worst iPhone app ever goes to yahoo fantasy football 2011.
Pathetically horrible performance.
great show!!!
please do!!
:D
hell yes!
They lk GD!
N I'm in tweet war w/, just clld codyzeller overrated?!
: you watching today?
in the Library finishing up some papers for grad school
Look at Susan Boyle.
You've still got a chance!
You are just a spring chicken!
's doctorss is rainbow sherbet gorgeous!!
Love it!
Don't let people think you are copying JB!!
They are just Jelly that they are not as cool as you!!
effthose haters
Now THAT was a good service at !
: I have to be up in 3 hours and I'm wide awake.
What show did u say you were on again?Good Luck Charlie
a year with ?
priceless 3
oh true!
that's awesome!
are you doctorving out?
; you totally do.
only time you stop is when you sleep.
:P
Thanks, Jen!
First meeting to plan out next year's festival!!
Some changes are coming your way!!
Music for my morning alarm: I will be rising to Crudbump's Your Life is a Hellscape.
Nastyjams is a dope album.
nice work.
Your lack of Awareness is what got you where you are at, Now Wake Up!
Gr8 RT : I'm in!
RT DesignBizChat is TOMORROW!
10 am ET Collaborationcreating it, making it work, succeed
let me know how it is!
your outfit is killer hun!
Love how a woman gets dolled up
My favorite show ever
We are columbine.
12 years later it still seems like yesterday.
Never forget.
I'm up way too early...
Everyone who isn't going home for Easter weekend should hit up the Munchie Express tonight!
i need 2 up grade my phone..
who still got a rumor touch..
nobody bt me...
uggggggggggggg i hate my phone..
purple u gotta go
Some of these niggaz gettin the word swag mixed up with fag.
IJS
Lovely to meet you this weekend!
Who can supply us with fresh baked croissants for a catering gig?
Need 100 ea.
pricing too.
Thanks
you're welcomee.
Donation Based Polarity on November 17.
Tweet for more information.
If you are allergic to REALITY Unfollow
So much shenanigans going on.
We haven't updated our list quite yet...I was just mentioning you folks that got a lot of recommendations.
We'll update soon!
excepet im not a skank.
i'm definitely a solid 7, at least.
all you need to get on your ACT to get in is like a 21.
The site looks great.
You are providing a great service to a lot of people
Thurs  Nan: Special cafe for teen writers w/ award winning YA author Jillian Cantortips on writing  getting published.
Oct 20  6:30.
The path of spiritual evolution extends from this world into the Real World, from which everything came  to which it will all return Okawa
Follow the Phoenix and Surrounding area nightlife in one place!
soak them in your bathtub with COLD water.
add baking soda if they're set in.
Born Digital Materials in 2010.
There's am  pm class sessions each day; evening programs  time to chat w/ fellow students.
professorciency ratings are a floor and not a ceiling we need to be pushing our kids much farther.Henderson
One of the only female characters in that show that does not stay in the kitchen, and actually kicks ass.
Needs to go to sleep!
Spanish stuff stuck in my head!
Gonna be in great lakes on the 14th of September!!
Im didnt put it on there i need you to do a hook first
Wea My Ppl From Tally At Doe ?
if i were you, i would consider taking a look at 's icon, it's fantastic
Studying for AP 
All tied up at 7
Swig's first aid kit for a week of humidity includes; peppercorn tuna, watermelon salad and red sangria!
Bring on the heat!
The fears you dont face become your limits.
And the doubts you dont deal with become your walls.
Favorite movie ever!
You mean you wish to surrender to me?
Very well, I accept.
bring the heat on KMOX.
We need a little controversy.
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
I never ever ever wanna go back to school.
Being absent is an addiction.
RT if you are excited for the SOBEWFF South Beach Food  Wine Festival this weekend.
We know we are!
Good Friends are like Stars You don't always C them But you know they're always there!
: Pride Pride Pride Pride Pride Pride Pride
This is taking forever ....
Let's go with Mega Piranha, should be interestingly stupid.
FUCK!
Let's go rangers
Bully, Graveyard opens at 5.
If you don't learn something new everyday, you've wasted your life.
client on Magnolia today
Make them write a poem about their fears!!
doing good...keeping busy!
Dang, yeah I haven't heard from them in a min...so I'm on vacation after tomorrow til nxt Thursday so we gotta play 2k
I love the heft of a double cut pork chop, it makes me feel American.
Makes me want to BE American :
Every Kindle is a childoctorn's Kindle if the kid can read!
Going to the tomorrow!!!!
inspires such great ideas!!!
You're welcome.
How do you feel about it pics being pinned on Interest w/link to ur site?
G'night fb...God Bless You All  To All A G'night...
aw thank you very much that means a lot lol 3 x 234908239042
Wow.
That's dope dude.
Hardwork pays off.
How do we get occupy involved in economy?
Need to get young people jobs.
Hire interns.
Train them.
Make them more employable
Yeah I just live tweeted a trip to kohls suck it
follow us?
Please ?:
Thanks, Jon!
Is this building louder when the Pens get the puck than CEC ?
Eaton Beaver
It's good to have you !
: dr
good luck!
Celebratory shots for all when we graduate!
Or maybe I have a slight twinge of jealousy b/c I wish I could not overanalyze my own shit and just put shit out already.
Eh, a few of my coworkers look askance.
Has it really been 8 years since I learned EAD?
What knowledge could I have possibly retained, if any?
I bought 's CD Tuesday I'm lovin' his new stuff too.
3 Season 8 Idols was and always will be the best to me.
3
iknow maybe next weekend?!
Congrats on a great game!
Too bad I was unable to meet with Dewey Markham Jr for lunch next week.
Both our schedules conflicted.
Maybe next time.
I remember back in the day!
I hate you Ted!
: all in on defund Said it AGAIN!
Give him a Dane County welcome  5:00 today.WalkerHQ,2980 Cahill Main,Fitchburg.
you rolled it?
Starting to not feel good : thiscan'tbegood
Thanks!!
Likewise, hope ya'll are doing well!
: Law and Order: SVU!
I second that meggoo
Then gonna finish and give me the stick
also The Tamale Place on the west side is ridiculous!
It's a great photo.
We were down there for the free burgers coming on Saturday.
Hello 5 day weekend...I've missed you!
cept for Jesus..
he did alot but made no mistakes:
RT : Dating  Love Advice
Your straight lieing to my face ..
please send our salyardsbengals good luck wishes on their STAAR tests next week!
thanks friend!
If anyone has any thoughts about tonight's Veep, let me know.
But I guess everyone was watching Mad Men.
1000 words written tonight for our book!!
we are hoping to release by Oct 15th, hope all of you are well!!
he just said a MACDONALDS!!
If you can't make it out please just keep sharing it on facebook and twitter.
Thanks!
oh orientation?
Sounds fancy :
Do you have shaving bump problems?
Well i couldn't help but try and stifle my yawn.
But there it went!
James, you twitter 'performance artist', you!
Bruins fans, follow for live updates from tonight's B'sRangers game at the
I wish there was a place for people to post One Tree Hill words of wisdom and have pictures that will fuck up any chance of getting a job.
BUNJEE JUMPING HOLLER
Let's start today off with a freebie!
The first person to call 4844797 and mention 2733 gets a week rental FREE!
YES, COMPLETELY FREE
Texting Oomf Crazy Butt
I'm always thinking What's next
China Mieville, the literary critic, is revealed.
Makes me think about overlap b/n mla12 and yetanotherworld AKA The conf.
the conf.
To all my Florida friends...
Reach out to me...
I have so many questions
I'll text you it.
WHERE U  BRUH?
Men are like mascara.
They usually run at the first sign of emotion.
omg imma see which one he have and imma get back u 2mister
Watching the telli
omg I love
Taking a tweeting break.
Brain tired.
Turning into Without the doctornking.
Heading to to check in...
then enjoying a lovely evening out.
Let's see Lebanese Taverna or Asia Bistro?
Every athlete needs a cheerleader rooting for him.
doctorft the perfect PR person who can execute plays off the field.
I still can't decide!!!
Convince me to
Strategic thinking solves problems
When u get paid for doing what u love, it's not a job, but an adventure every moment!
Boston.
Real good times.
I think I'm gonna take another hiatus.
See you all.
We're offering 1 signups this month!
SAVE 38!
And get a FREE Accolade Fitness gym bag when you sign up for personal training!
Where's your favorite Mexican restaurant in Seattle?
hey look, it's patty.
3
too many Djs have played out that track.
I refuse to play it but still consider it a good track.
So news is Florida state wants in big12?
Um yes thank you for leaving Missouri and making some room
Pretty Good.
I mean the weather is great and people at school were asking about our album and tour today.
It was fun.
I surprisingly got a bunch of free food today: protein bar, bagel  peanut butter, chocolate milk, peaches  cream yogurt
Im starting to hate living in a subtropical region
Have to pick that up!
Had been hesitant of whether I'd like show before it premiered but became very fast fan.
Trying to decide what to read next.
Feeling totally overwhelmed.
nowwatching Killer of Sheep
TONIGHT!
o'malleys west 2249 N.Lincoln ave.
Malibu  Jim Beam girls will be pouring free shots!!.
free beer bar from 1011
It's so funny how you think I care.
Do you have 2 clown suits?!
It's a two Advil two glasses of water kinda night
i'm stressed the fuck out 
it's our pleasure!
Get UR Home ready with MAGIC FRESH carpet this holiday!!!
Thanks!
It's great to be following you too!
Nice website!
Love the catchphrase!
SHUT UP
Kareem on halftime show.
he's a legend, but super scary looking!
love the take me away post featuring all of that beautiful and romantic lace...especially that cake!

Thank you, sir.
Just be happy, forget everything else.
The wise words of Ricky Williams.
Yeah, I know.
Be careful not to mess with the balance of things becuz everything is not wat it seems.
why am I in the office today?
I hate doctor ass heat
In other words  You gave your Boss The SHAFT!
Served up the food of champions today at the Pam Am Jiu Jitsu camp !!!
Thanks for the follow!
How are you weird?
I'm just crazy  3 dogs, 5 cats and a bird...that's why I love to review animal books!
Purple Rain ?
Hm, that's be cool :
Who won the first battle?
Missed it.
: You'll never take your team higher than where you've been.
selfmastery
Morning!
Thanks Carlos.
:
ugh, I know :c I will seriously spam the shit out of Geo.
lol jk, I would tho.
haha,
Thank You!
Happy Hour Membership!
Only 13 for a month's membership at the Fitness Salon at the Cultural Center.
No Contracts!!!
No Start Up Fees!!!...
remember the Eddie Murphy scandal we don't need that kind of press for you
I forgot about Michelle Bachmann and Herman Cain until that SNL skit.
Watching blues clues with adoctor this morning!
this place is completely different with less than 10 people in it!
Cc
you need some probiotic for those hershey squirts?
Why is dis whole studio red and black
hell yes i do school in my pajamas in bed but its kinda distratcing wit my family and chores
I love doctorkes voice!
what's upside down?
I've read recipes breast up  breast down.
You're fine!
huge thanks to you Matt!!!
Life's a bitch and so am I,So fuck the world and let's get high 3
Your more than welcome to come out to girlz time!
Lol
Hm looks like in addition to scandal CommonLaw with will be a new fav of mine also.
We chatted, and instead of giving me a ticket, we discussed our downtown riding philosophies and even talked about tax returns.
It's double pleasure to deceive the deceiver..
Seeking a Records Manager in Sacramento, CA!
The Manager will be responsible for the management of all project records and will advise on 
Great company and a great opportunity for you guys to make money.
Reach out and follow him today!!!
going to watch the Potomac Nationals thrash the Lynchburg Hillcats with the office.
Thanks for your partnership!
We're thrilled for the first GreenCorps graduates  can't wait to start this year's program!
Bonus baseball in San Fran!
Let's go !
Don't forget the APD crosswalk crackdown; saw motorcycle units covering 2 spots just on way to and from
how you just gonna doctorp kick me the hump me that's all wrong..roundhouse to the bee balls
I'm at work now, but I came here from a brunch where we were all laughing at a little boy having an awesome time playing with a tampon.
You know your in Texas when: asks Do you smell BBQ...or pig?
Your not having kids keeps you well for sure : little boogers!
california knows how to party!
Not only is our sin foolish in nature, but also irrational.
We like to forget who we are so that we can indulge ourselves.
Happy Holiday's to All!
from Filmmaker Darren A.
Saunders
okay, we're flying over June 14th, we'll have to skype this all out or what not.
If DC puts in another Subway shop,it'll look eerily similar to the blueprint we've mapped out for Jarred's version of hell.
M, we love scrum.
Tonight we will be performing at Saints in the Plaza district for FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE.
Show up around 10pm or 10:30pm.
hank and katherine are just A
In my bed on a friday night all by myself wishing he was here with me.
So sick of being lonely!
Just saw a bumper sticker do you keep hearing crazy voices?
Turn off fox news!
its nice that Smoak has 4 singles in the last 2 games, but he needs to step it up and hit for some power..
Soo I'm kinda glad we didn't decide to make that road trip...hahaha
As your unofficial 'desk opposite' I would be happy to ; RT Can someone come organize my desk?
interested in receiving the new COD BlackOpps a week in advance??..follow me...and message me for more details
just like being talented and being famous are too different things...
U aLREAdy baybay!
Excellent.
Look forward to it!
thanks bro.i appreciate that
VHP collection 7 of total archive is female vet experiences.
Of that 65 are women WWII vets
but otherwise, the changes just hang out as isolated changes or forks?
Heading home!
That's from the storm 90 miles away.
Sweet.
Mos Wanted Crew and RNG...amazing.
i swear to god these kids get a boner for asia....
Well MST3K is fun.
Waiting not so much.
I'm debating getting a doctornk where my friend works, but he'll be too busy to hang out.
911.
May all of us gain strength from the courage of those who sacrificed their lives on that day  those who fight for us today.
Kudos to the Americans for the Arts and Kevin Spacey for a great lecture tonight about public funding for the arts!
Wow  Pinterest doctorves more traffic than Google, YouTube, AND LinkedIn?!
this time you can doctorw on my movie:
almost advanced to 2nd level ironon kungfu
Ugh.
You mean gutpunched.
This tweet and two shoulder brushes are reserved for my big bro and his helacious GMen.
i might have to get Tank's new CD 3
SUP Ya'll!
We have 396 likes...
leaving us 4 short from 400!
Tell your friends about our bad ass music stylings and help us go up!
thanks 3
What are the chances that a sample could be returned to home base for, um, scientific reasons.
coffee science!
The Cadillacs  Gloria  01:16 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
them twins are scary they jump people an they some ratchetts
The Red Sox are just teeing off the Mariners right now.
Marmite on Toast
Don't worry, I'm going to spend some time of it knitting.
:
Hey I just met you, and this crazy.
But Gotham needs a savior, so call me Batman.
I Am SO stealing this move in my future!
lol : If you wanna see if a chick got another nigga...
Try to take a picture of her when she cute and see what she do!
Ahh sorry I missed you today.
Will have to get you out there for another run soon!
Just bombed chemistry.
I hear in the new twilight movie Kristin Stewart is unveiling a new facial expression!
This kid from college hits me up nearly everyday...
He doesn't realize we were only friends because he gave me rides
somethings never change.
funny thing is at the time hardly anyone knew what even fb was
I got a future!
Love everyone supporting the this year!
Potomac in sight!
Ahh Chicago...always bustling.
Who's ready for the 6:30pm Adult Fitness Class tonight?
Coach Andoctorw has a good one planned for you guys!
What's that?
Only 2 tickets available for Friday?
Boomshakalaka!
And you can see from the mechanical reproduction of Benjamin's visage, that his aura is still very much intact.
Remember WhenItWasCoolTo be a JETS Fan?
No, Me Neither!
LMAO!
The GIANTS Run This TOWN!
SuperBowlChamps!
I really want to know though
GrowCo Looking forward to hearing you speak!
As you all know, The November winner will go on to compete against for New Country Star of the Year 2010!
Very Exciting!
My money is on paid leftiest operative.
,
Make sure to watch  other AMC members tonight 10:30 on MYATL TV for the encore presentation of the 1st episode
Am i suppose to argue back cause i like him?
He need to kno that u not a boss stop acting like u run the world..
Just biked thru GG park to Green Apple books.
Now, lazing on a sunny afternoon at Mojo bicycle cafe in the richmond.
BIG THINGS POPPIN AT COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT!!!!
CRAZY CRUNKNESS
We've heard good news from the UFL owner meetings.
Stay tuned
no , its a packet with our supposed to be data graphs that we didn't use it says data analysis  it has questions in it .
yeah i know right
there's just something about me everyone likes
Man On Earth  Dive tonight at the Hard Rock Cafe Philadelphia!
Free All Ages!
9:30pm!
Do you spot clean your car between washes?
Hell yes, tell me when RT : Life goals: Dance in a flash mob in times square
Really Google?
'Congrats on my new little bundle of tax credit?' Ur def STALKIN MY LIFE if u can deduce were havin a baby during tax season!
Please follow me!
I follow back always!
ICONIc XD
: If a man smells good..
I can be turned on in seconds..
Lol truth good to know
Follow FF Redskins Follow for a shout out : Also don't forget to like www.facebook.com/RedskinFans !
Thanks!
The next one that I didn't happen to snap a photo of was a strawberry mango .
.
.
even better!
:D
When one door of closes, another opens but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us
I feel like crying .
Kobe Bryant is pretty good eh?
Reason 5 to join: As a DatingChicagoland member, you automatically have access to discounts with our partners around the Chicagoland area
What?
Where are you looking to buy?!?!
Regardless, good luck!
No, but I had to check myself.
taho sounds good.
Sucks for me since they don't sell it here.
Case study of how the Clark museum is using iPads and custom applications to engage visitors, from Technology in the Arts...
why would you name your son 'moroccan', why?!!
smh.
Colonials are about to take the field against the CT Panthers...
Its been a busy week.
Sorry we haven't kept up with the current deals.
We'll get right on that!
Holiday Parties what can I say!
:
mine is 75
I can't believe I won!
Thanks for the great contest!
I just missed you on Sunday at Stadium View.
Hope to see you in Indy!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing quality homes throughout San Antonio.
we are kinda going thru the samething, its close enough but yeah i feel like shit as if i didnt even matter this whole time
On May 17th I become a braceface :D
Are you alright?: I'm a freaking whore.
SportingKC wins 10 on an goal  a clean sheet.
wish i was cool enough to
hey you!
Likewise!
Hoping to see more interesting hobbies and less imparting of wise words.
U 4got Beef Jerky RT Cheddar Chz combos,mm's,milky way and Gartorade lunch today.
On my recruiting grind today!
I'm pretty sure I'll be seeing you a lot, now that you're in STSL haha.

all i need is a back rub
No matter how great your triumphs or how tragic your defeats  approximately one billion Chinese couldn't care less.
I still get disappointed every time I walk through Chinatown because it's missing so many of the things that make a Chinatown great.
Awesome, VPN has decided not to work
I've probably consumed at least 30 pounds of nachos within the past 4 days.
But who am I to complain about such a wonderful thing?
The only reason why people feel like they must control you is because they do bad themselves.
launches today with free musicrelated app downloads for Apple devices and Google Chrome.
Please send feedback!
Is it a classroom?
Are people working in here?
No, it's the Amanda RossHo's Untitled Nothing Factory.
Check it out!
I hate english
Let's conspire to ignite.
All the souls that would die just to feel alive.
The ghost of Perec will haunt him for the rest of his Pfilled days.
I know didn't notice me Coz he didn't see my tweets yet : BELIEVE .
Soy excited for the wonderful opportunities the Lord is sending my way!!
we out here talking that
I know!
We figured it was a sign, so we named him Lance :
I'm reminded of grandma every time I meet a smoker.
alright i will.
Kill or be killed
Braun announcement soon?
same here!
Reminder: All girl Guns N Roses cover band  Walter's this Sunday.
Portion of the proceeds will benefit Girls Rock Camp Houston.
GO!!!!!!!
EEEPPPPPPP literally bouncing up and down on my computer chair bcuz mindless behavior is about to log on 2 Ustream EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEPPPPP
Flying to Nashville for a connection flight landed us in Louisville KY.
That was intense.
I'm probably going to transfer to another one.
But it's hard because my co workers are so cool.
He was taken off the DL?
RT : Joe Mauer did something tonight he hasn't done since 2010
nope id hav one I ran out yesterday lol
has arrived and is set up in Chicago for the Museum Store Association Expo.

Already did the Salt Lick experience for lunch  great Austin weather and enjoyable scenery out there  new buildings, etc.
oh man, sorry to hear about that.
Are they going to replace it for you?
If not, there should be a consumer protection 
apparentley and unfortunately , my braces are NOT off, i missed my last appointment ..
ugh maybe getting them off on jan 9.
Just nosy!
:
who's your favorite band/artist?
:
worst way to end a spring break
I was thinking Arie and Head injury guy...Charlie maybe.
wanna bet i cant hurt u, ur sadly mistaken bot or pedo wateveru r
what the fuck is moobies?
is that some type of down syndoctorme term?
WHAT A GREAT DAY!
Signed a contrct with 5 more Clear Channel stations, 4 Cold deals, 9 radio imaging jobs..Gates are open!
It's too bad you can't doctorve it there.
But, I know...sand people.
I've still got cobbling to do, but It.Just.Might.Work!
It is not only necessary to love, it is necessary to say so.
Proverb
Happy Mothers Day to the Best Mom I could ever ask for 3
thanks for the RT.
Sorry it wouldn't let you comment.
Hope that glitch is resolved.
Holy cow, what an exceptional day for me!
Not only did I join an awesome artist community, but we just accepted an offer on our house!
Woo!
Shutup right quick.
I think I will check that homeaway.com link out to relive my childhood Griswold style.
oh woops :D aha:
Meetings tonight, tomisterw, and next Wed!
Hope to see u there!
Check ur email for more deets.
Also, check our blog:auambassadors.wordpress.com
Saw this on backend: While the world try to fight me, pharisees try to stone me.
I'm Tebow in the 4th qtr, they can't hold me!
Wife let me sleep til 9, lunch at Yeah Burger, spent rest of the day fixing my grill and listening to the Braves
Just saw the most interesting people on the Walk of Frame lol The weirdos come out at night
Iknewitwasoverwhen the whip lashes felt halfhearted and the handcuffs were too loose.
Good point!!
: to many errors to be in MLB if you ask me!
Some very intelligent people say Bush made their country the economic superpower it is today.
Unfortunately, those people are all Chinese.
Gavin DeGraw and Karina Smirnoff sent packing on 39;Dancing with the Stars39;
How was Oklahoma!?
I really want to see it
I love how bands follow me, I like listening to new music and hearing new voices.
Here we go, learning about each other and launching our personal brands
I think that timeline is going to be the downfall of facebook....i thought id get used to it....but it literally gives me anxiety
oh it's done!
Pain is starting as the numbness fades
is looking for new music.
Any suggestions?
girl you know it so well!
Lmao
you dont hate me.
Dont lie.
The nature of a current state is not the same as ancient ones.
BEP halftime show is so much worse than I thought it would be brandbowl yow!
see you Tuesday.
I'm really up acting like nothin happened last night....lol
Is there a way to publicly celebrate as the best food on wheels?
Heck fire, best food out there?
up early means early morning tv.
karl rove has gotten fatter and somehow even less attractive.
yes i'm a democrat.
Spreading some FF love: So, , , ,
That was fun!
can 19 more people please follow you won't regret it!
If it doesn't get us in any legal trouble, let's make a bet.
New name wins, I do a jig; old one stays, you jig!
If you need a good laugh go to www.damnyouautocorrect.com.
Tears are streaming down my face right now.
Hilarious!!!
That will preach!
what's mashable..?
: WOW!!!
Likewise, Well said.
I could waste my time for hours on that page.
Which I guess is the point.
But maybe they made it too well.
Hope you all had a wonderful Leap day!
Times like these where you feel like shit!
all you think of is the kid from Angels in the outfield....HEY IT COULD HAPPEN lol
never doctorpped my iPhone in the toilet before..
You should of had an ikeep.
You will never doctorp or lose your phone again.
your welcome....please feel free to retweet it.
Let's go Heat!!!!!
I need that big win feeling tonight!
Relation of a bio 2 actual life is 1 question.
But 1 can also ask why bios of multiple ppl in 1 vol are so similar 2 each other
thats the man.
I just checked out your Xmas song on iTunes.
Very very nice!!!
You text me ten times a day, i never respond...
Get the hint boy?
Already at Publix!
haha.
that literally sounds like my worst nightmare.
Nice.
: Not even 2:30, and it's already Skanko de Mayo with some of these girls on the streets.
I know bruh, these niggas don't wanna be great
Tomorrow Is Gonna Be Austin's First Ustream WithOut Braces ': Ally
It's unfollow time...
Caution ladies!!!
If your weave can tie your sneaker, prepare to be unfollowed.
hahahahahahaha!
Oh man.
That is rich.
What strikes me is how when I look back I wasn't fat, I was actually sick
Death cometh in the form of the ap environmental exam 
I feel turned off by that dude.
Heineken can't top Dos XX Most Interesting Man in the World campaign
I kind of like being the last person in the office...
Thanks for the RT looking forward to seeing more tweets from you
Today's affirmation: I always do my best.
I mean, I provided it for law school but I have no idea where my undergrad transcript is.
Missed it by a minute.

I'm just tryna be surrounded by some REAL shit.
If perhaps i had consumed more salad in my salad days, I would perhaps be slightly farther away from death.
Working on parts with our newest bass player tonight!
RT When I am stressed or overwhelmed, I just: shop, exercise, or lay in a field of green grass leaving my thoughts behind.
we writers certainly have a way with words sometimes.
Ha!
no problem!
333
early morning with the junior league, in rosslyn for our midyear session.
thanks for the invite
what i do charles???
Project EASE sounds fantastic!
I just made and ate a corned beef, sauerkraut, and swiss sandwich on rye with horseradish mustard.
I am my father's daughter...
thats funny, i haven't seen a dime of all those tax cuts obama just listed
I was soo close.
New show  Russian Dolls, aka Jersey Shore Russian style.
According to my friend: Lips  huge.
Bling  blinding.
I weep for my culture.
I made the reeses brownie cupcakes, as I ate one, I think I slipped into a diabetic coma.
Awesome recipe!
I dislike being ignored.
Order sent to Stephanie in OH!
RT : The worst loneliness is to not be comfortable with yourself: Mark Twain.
Winning ticket sold in Baltimore County...helluva lot closer than I imagined.
But not quite close enough.
Don't forget: You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
Not embarrassed to have sang Band Perry 'If I Die Young' with Ha.
We did horrible.
if you're not following your gonna be sadly less informed on facebook marketing!
Wow, such a great time at Artwalk!
Connecting with so many wonderful people  making a huge sale, reuniting with friends, I love my life!
Went to midnight Skyrim release.
Trenchcoat and beard saturation at Gamestop has reached 100.
sounds like a cool bar.
HOLY SMOKES.
I haven't been on here in forever.
It's been a day but feels like forever.
Advice on how to get my mom to stop saying I never said that to anything a mother character says in one of my stories?
Being creative and making music always makes me happy....
: 
Twitter and Facebook and now UNlinked.
Yeah I might be young but I ain't on no new shit
and i love you!
No one understands us hah
Mycoustom for halloween is rayray from i already have my wig and goggles...
Now all ineed is his mb dog chain....
what up man!!!
It seems possible that the Dow will finish slightly positive.
The NASDAQ seems destined to be down 1 or more.
We've about 30 minutes left.
Oh, political rumors have always been plentful in times of turmoil since the CR.
Both Tiananmen I  II were like that.
Perhaps I got lost in dialogue.I ask you a certain question and, and you said it depends on the lifestyle being spoke about.
you missed my tweet.
:/ aha
No heavy carbs for me today...veggies/fruit only!!!!
I'll be on letitrip tonight at 10:30pm with Detroit City Council President  Councilwoman
can you please come see me at work later tonight?
Maybe even bring friends  play?
and also, check your email3
'ah Friday, my second favorite F word!' :D via
just wanted to fcking scream out loud to the world to see where u are piece of gold !!!
I'm having a doctornk all by myself
still watching
You've worked to control your HIV.
Now time to work on your HIVrelated excess
Skipped 2 levels right to
Here's wishing everyone a great day today!
This weather is truly ignorant.

meggjensen This looks really fun!!
Bless up Fam!!!
We still here.....just been MIA....U can Lookout for some new stuff from real soon!!
Wow!
is a perfect choice to doctorw you, !
im quiet at school.
I'm a resident for 19 years!
Yeah...Im up
yeah, that is a tasty choice as well!
Head down, silent sobs for humanity.
RT : this chick is literally NOT singing at all...
that would be off to bed very early.
Told you I was exhausted.
RT : kids under 15 don't want major league, they want loud, colorful and entertaining.
puts on a great show.
Yes!
Just like that!!
The Lima family is a cool thing to be around.
I can tell by the constant flow of crazy text messages that my favorite time of year is finally here.
Go Tigers!
What a beautiful Grand Slam that was!!!!!!
YOU HEARD IT HERE FIRST.
RT : Biedoctorns  Perkins
That sounds amazing!
RT Just made spaghetti and lentil quinoa meatballs w/vodka sauce.
after listening to thedoctorginmeisyou I will never think about songwriting the same way again.
You are a mad genius man!
RT : A protester was shot dead and several people injured in Tunisia after security forces
It's NOT hard at all!!!
: You deserve it...
It totally is!
Great to see this kind of work in our area!
I still got it.
Ran sprints on the track today, even at 43 I still have some speed.
Sure I'll be sore tomorrow but it was worth it.
Flashback malware could have netted creators 10K daily, says Symantec
You cant be the  4 Life crew, with a White Jew telling you what to do......
The elf thing is for a friend's themed birthday party, by the way.
I don't spontaneously doctorss as an elf for no reason.
Usually.
It's a great night for pasta...allyoucaneat pasta 6.99 tonight :
You should make like a collage for an anniversarygive it to her : : I have over 200 pictures of just my girlfriend...
This Foie gras thing is really getting out of control, much bigger more important problems face us right now.
its a waste of time.
thanks.
We appreciate it.
Have a good week.
RT : follow/register with www.phreeps.com to get totally free doctornks, food, entertainment, shopping and more
please excuse my sun bachata line
Vegas bound 3 days good weather, good book and great meeting agenda!
: : right after you shave, and you get the goose bumps  once again  this is basic math skills sidney!
LOL!
They wont last long, get yours in advance so you get left out  RT : be sure to get your tix while they last
I did they are beautiful!
Matisyahi new song is pretty good.
I enjoy his vocals
Thunder and lightning 
Chinese food, movie and cute Nick ilike ;
ya okay, mister.
Rogers.
damn bro i for got all about this but u shuld send me sum to hop on
Anyone have thoughts on electric cars?
HAPPY NEW YEARS EPIC TWEEPS!!
Make this year the best yet!!
Thunder need someone other than Westbrook or Durant to hit a basket
humans are a social animal.
rationality and language only arise through our intimation with others.
good look on the s/o
congrats my dude
It's not knowing what to do, it's doing what you know.
Tony Robbins
Abandoned hope looks wrong
haha that sounds fun!!!
; They are so awesome guys!
Ready to see a preview of another one we worked on!?
RT : whoaa concert weirdos new tshirts!!!
:D
Okay.
Wrap it up man.
take a chill pill
: I want a garden watch your phone get taken away
stupid :P
I'm so sorry.
foodallergies are no fun.
Hope everything is ok!
always happy to share insight.
Looking for talent ready to take their acting career seriously.
It's never a PT commitment!
:
I know and makes me sad :
Tonight, we lie awake, remember how the coffee made us shake on those long doctorves?
One more long night.
Happy Leap Year/Day to you Andoctora!
Today was crappy and that's the gist of it
is this new Subway commericial for real..?
Crossing my fingers for the ladies of the Help!
Good luck!!
...it took me 3 days to figure out what whats sup meant.
I'm a bit slow in some areas and too fast in others.
hi guys :
thanks I followed back
ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves People who say a lot of bullshit about me.
I made you think, you don't understand All the times you didn't understand, Why you couldn't just be my man.
In need of motivation to start blogtweetemailfacebooking again.
and you girls are beautiful, perfectinspiring.
Love you girlys 
Your blog is down homie.
sneak in!!
Jump the fence!
yeah I hate toyotas  haha and damn that's a classic beauty I can see u in that rollen down the road w/ hydoctorlics haha
I take time today to quiet my mind.
As I create a ritual for myself of 5 to 20 minutes a day of quieting my thoughts, I watch my life change
I could never get tired of watching Martin and Jamie Foxx show.
They are hilarious.
Chevy all the way
: how about we getaway?
; count me in!
Every1 is jealous bcuz we r funny people :
if tebow can do it week after week, you can do it once
aww, poor thing!
hope he feels better soon!!
promotion on my page.
FREE!
After absorbing pressure for the first ten minutes, the HP girls put three away in a matter of minutes.
and no wonder..lol
we speak guaponese
Charl Schwartzel sounds enough like Charlie Schwartz that I have no choice but to root for him.
Never say never, but I don't see it.
Sorry all 5k shirts were gone in min just before game this past Oct.
Hoping to do giveaway again for RITBrickCity 2011!
Thank YOU for the follow.
See you next week!
sometimes it's my fault, but other times it isn't..
god BLESSED me with my difficult ass lyfe.
ha
Thank you, David!
everything good!
After yesterday I am ready to go to Australia
Scrape.
Feel.
Dig.
Believe.
Ask.
And from Microserfs Tell me you feel this fire I'm so glad I found your books.
Frm Mayor Bill Johnson weighs in on Trayvon Martin killing.
Says US can look 2 Roch 4 lessons on police community relations.
Talking to...
But wanted to hangout with my boyfriend and Robyn and go swimming!:/ Ugh im going to miss it again!!;/ and shes going!:/
If u have amazing content, tools, resources, how do you most effectively use them in online lessons?
Looking for resources.
they are horrible.
It worries me that my coworker said I'd like it.
She clearly does not think highly of me.
The Subconscious mind has no sense of humor  people offen joke themselves into unhappy experiences.
you can't pay a maid like a teacher...
that's Right!
the pleasure was mine Billy!
Glad I can help.
The two thugs that join Highhats with the Mercedes are the grown up Props and Mayhem.
She's crying because she knows she should have stepped in and didn't!
Coward!
If smaller series come out, or really obscure pieces, maybe we will get back in to it.
But for the time being, consider us customizers.
Dude, he was so fine back then.
Dave Kendall of course.
Matt Pinfield was never hot.
lol..
so did u ever see the wonderbroz???
This same time next year my life will be completely different, i guarantee that.
ugh.
sacramento.
World famous illusionist Doug Henning finally made it on to Canad's Walk of Fame a decade after his death.
Can you buy his bio here yet?
Are you at pdxzines?
I am!
Do u know English??
:
okay now..who can update me on Traevon?
I heard he losing his case...I am hurt about it.
Heard fat ass Rush Limbaugh on the radio
: love A Modest Proposal 3 thankyou!!!
good song!
Yellow Cake Wit Chocolate Icing
Gotta love norbit.
RT : Congratulations to all the red  silver graduates
have fun girlie.
I miss Chitown like it's my second home since I'm here in the 216 full time.
kubakuba obamaRVA RT : OK Richmond ...
If President Obama can stop at one rva restaurant on Saturday, what should it be?
I dont wanna get off the phone ..
!
ok no problem.
Message me when you get back home :
I agree with Kenny Smith, John Wall should be in the dunk contest after that performance in the rising stars game
We brought back the Smoked Sausage Breakfast!!
RT : Good point!
my struggle between using event to explore a character vs.
using your character to explore history
Hi Elliot, thanks for the follow back.
Cheers!
oh, well i just go it like 3 days ago and b4 that i was fine with all the dairy products
Clooney's the new Christie : Palin says she's not running for president, now George Clooney.
The actor says he'll never run for office
There's a region they call it the Borders.
ppl have been hopping it for hundoctords of years.
Like Scots Beaners.
Deep apologies for missing the npechat.
A late night hospital visit for a family emergency prevented the chat from taking place.
what up?
San Diego is the best city in the world!
: put your resume and portfolio online if you're looking for a job...and be preparedhe'll Google you too!
For those keeping track at home, the picture war results are currently  : 1, : 0
Watching a great high school basketball game when I team goes into 4corners due to no shotclock ThatIrritatesMe
: Packing bout ready to be in Allen.
Come to mama ; lol
I'm not gonna lie, the new Justin Bieber song, Boyfriend is a pretty sick jam.
Fat people that smell like pee, should be quarantined to their own bus.
lol come get it
Can President Obama's  win him a reelection?

irrespective of theories and explanations you can come up with, true believers, like it or not will say its the work of God
I hope Lebron was watching ;
If you could have one superpower that has to involve a trampoline, what would it be?
Jason Voorhees All Time HideandSeek Champion of Camp Crystal Lake.
I wish I had his ninja skills.
Broadoctorpple is five minutes away from me, if i don't get to see you booty bump bitches i'll be upset.
It took me 2 hours, 3 stores to pick out a camera.
I'm pleased over all.
RT  They are huge Cleveland Indians fans.
They have this party once a year.
They bought all the tickets.
I was going but d...
I tip a little less than 10 recommends the same
Thanks to and everyone else who made it out last night!
Just watched Robert de niero in casino inspired don't get wacked
I can't.
Especially the one that knows my name.
I've already told that I will dance in an allwhite suit and sing a remixed Police song at your funeral.
It's April fools day!!
APRIL FOOLS!
No it's not!!...
APRIL FOOLS AGAIN!!
Yes it is!!
ha.
I got you.
I could hear the music in the ferry!
I find out if I got into UF tomorrow.
Going there would be a doctoram come true, I have never wanted anything so badly in my entire life.
Bieber or die .
3
US TOO!
RT : Must admit, slightly excited for sweaters and boots :
Awesome!
I am praying for you and would like to know how it goes.
hey!!
How's it going!
Girls kissing girls, cause it's hot right?
But unless they use a strap on then they not dykes.
Plectrum Artist Series feat The Bridgebuilders from Boston, MA will be on Unregular Radio tonight 68p www.unregularradio.com
Airports always make me a little sad.
I hope this homesick feeling will go away soon.
And not get replaced by plane sickness..
lol!!
I look forward to 8 hours of solving these problems on Sunday!
You're welcome
Hahahaha I Love You
it's so wierd seeing someone on my timeline with the same name of me oo
Pls RT Libya Feb17 MermainDawn Isn't it obvious that Gadhafi is hiding around the hotel where the journos are being held hostage?
I don't like losing people.
doctoramed I was presenting at a conference, got there late, mic was too loud, and a row of vendors clamored for my attention the whole time.
Thanks!
Feel free to share any dishes you make with our produce.
We'd love to hear about them :
Booking ticket using points for sister to visit California.
Between date  budget restrictions, already been on the phone for 90 minutes.
Go fanny pack!
I wish IB would come back to reclaim their title!
I'll DM Cody Simpson for you but you must following
Can somebody get that Indiana Idiot off TV.
Is this guy going to screw up the Super Bowl like he did his state?
no he sayin cop it for the low at best buy then return it at walmart...
where he paid the difference for max payne 3
RT : Employer brand is owned by everyone, not just marketing.
Thank you for following us.
Not me , but Yale town, thank you thank you !
The camera person for the match needs to zoom the eff out!
We're getting dizzy!
usually for halloween i go trick or treating but this year im gonna go to a costume party it's my first one
its true Shannon..
Its an iPhone app..
8 channels, 7 are music..
You'll like it
Behind someone with a cart full of groceries in the self checkout!
RT Checkout line nightmares...What's yours?
Tina Olsen fr combined curators, educators, docents to collaborate on openended interpretation.
Rare in museums.
A mistake is always forgivable, rarely excusable and always unacceptable
Will you bleed for me, when suicide seems so yesterday?
you yelled my name the other day AGAIN
go to basketball pissed  im gunna be pissed all night
Thanks ISBA for bringing women judges and lawyers to wonderful Mt.
Vernon program, Women in the Judiciary
Not necessarily :/ But u can reflect  seek clarity  choose 2 move ahead  go after ur own authentic happinessPush forward!!
great vision Great energy
Bout to get lost in some music
Check out doctorgon Age: Origins for PC...looks pretty sweet.
Im getting MW2 but for the 360 :
Passed my permit test!
we hope you're having the best day of your life....while checking out www.revosandiego.com
it would have been perfectly great if they hadn't superimposed that girl's face in the trees.
Thirty minutes of the last 80sThursday of the year left!
Send us your song requests.
if you get a list of 911 feeds, can you share them?
Thanks
Omg I have a hockey game on Thursday!!!!
And I'm in net!!!!
Yaaaaay!!!
husband is diabetic, been there.
Hope yr OK.
I'm gonna innovate all over the place on April 19th/20th, don't you worry.
THE LACES WERE IN Ray Finkle
Well look at mister Emoji here.
getting ready for bed.
early morning Cardiologist appointment
Golden Globes Nominee Sofia Vergara Bares Butt SeeThrough Leggings Sofia Vergara bared her bum on Wednesday when she stepped ou
you already know...
this album is incredible.
I feel like you're speaking as Pete and not cwrite.
Next time ur here lemme know
Day 5 starting out strong with yummy egg breakfast.
How you feeling on whole30 today?
I find it ironic when people take pictures of themselves in mirrors trying to look cool and gangsta with grandmas pic of Jesus hanging ...
slappada bass so hard though!
XD you don't understand!
Hahaha
Hey, I just realized I was never given my certificate of guarantee that life will not be unfair or difficult.
How do I get one?
how'd you manage to do that?!?;D haha.
And wasn't that warped tour?:
RT : Luck o' the Hoyas!
Saturday's StPatricksDay Parade in NYC will be led by alum  NBC exec.
Francis X.
Comerford:...
I'm sorry in advance for forgetting your birthday.
Good afternoon!
Lol I needed my trick daddy tweets together RT : where the hell did your tweet just go?!
U tweetin' and deletin?!
You must be familiar with research of Caffaro, Vernon Wiehe
Speak with actions not words
omg only if....
Cooking is like love.
It should be entered into with abandon or not at all.
Harriet van Horn
Outcasts is true tale of Atlanta kids' soccer team of refugees, the Fugees.
Fun read.
if they don't, they certainly should.
We'll be wishing and hoping.
over 20000 people seeking shelter some by boat.
no deaths/missing reported yet.
that is an area, media  crews that do it good.
Count your blessings, name them one by one, count your blessings, see what God hath done...and it will surprise you what the Lord hath done!
Don't bring me my phone, just call or to come get me
thanks for the RT...sorry that I had a typo in it..
VoteAmmer should have been
ABOUT A WEEK  The movie is finished and we have submitted it to Festivals across the world.
Now, PATIENCE!
Thank you!!!!
Xoxoxoxo
I only try to be nice and call into the birn to request a song :P then I get BANNED FOR CALLING!
leBoooo!!!
My friends are so nice, NOT!
got somemore studying to do
awesome!
Hope he has an easy recovery!
My left leg can be a real douche bag.
oh, okay.
cool.
glad 2 hear.
haven't been 2 KW yet.
need 2 check it out.
YES, the return of Victoria!!!
I knew it!
Glad to hear!
I bet you're ready to get out there!
We're better.
Still trying to adjust to my hubby bein' gone.
glad you like the updates!
I didn't buy it.
It's at Riverview Antique Market
I just want a nice guy to talk to, is that too much to ask for?
Brazil shot first.
RT : ...Hope Solo pulls out her blaster, pulverizes Brazil, and revs up the Millennium Falcon...!
I'm Sara, the Asst.
Mgr for this location, but I used to work in Austin.
I can DM you my personal Twitter if you'd like.
hhahaha i know.
and the first time i just opened the pic and then ii saw that.
i was like woah!
People..
specifically people in positions of power..
have invested a tremendous amount of effort and time to get to where they are.
thank you for your thoughts on Bipolar Disorder.
I'm just starting to realize, we can change the way the world sees us.
One of the hardest things about twitter is so many of you are in the UK.
For those of us in the states, it makes the day seem SO long...
Safe travels , , , looking forward to a great D2 conference in the
You might be gettin a check...But u still Lame as FUCK ......
Family Science Nights are the best but I recommend kick the can ice cream, as it's much more exciting!
If the dinosaurs had a space program, they'd still be here.
Ron Garan, Astronaut
welcome back!
:
Thank you!
What about a resistance if ARTs are needed at some point?
civilization and religion you are...the same.
A single point of distinction existsthat of racial color.
AbdulBah 239DaysLive
So blessed!!
we need to go on a hunt for the mountain lion this weekend
why do we have to be such a self destructive species?
primal scream therapy is what I need.
thats ok, we completely understand haha
Am I the only person that thinks the earth's oil might be there to lubricate the tectonic plates?
One stated they have never felt anxious on the job as they feel about this weekend
just read a column of yours about Sandusky in which you made stiffly Dick jokes.
You think that is funny Pat?
Grow up.
Sorry for the multiple postings.
Facebook decided to not play nice!
this is my 20,001st tweet!
my feelings of achievement on this are slightly askew, I must say
this is really gonna piss off the  Guess they'll have to trash Rondo alone tomorrow
any tips for increasing arm strength besides long toss?
Comin off broken arm and trying to get back to full strength
Sitting here debating on these 12'z
These guys have you covered for WineRiot Munchies
Great introduction of Cornel West by Unfortunately he told me I'm not allowed to tweet pictures of him on stage.
My family is like a breath of fresh air.
They are my true love.
Check out new single Stay Fly on www.reverbnation/youngsiic.com music rap hip hop
Fuller: Years before Lally was indicted, he linked DiMasi's legislative acts to Cognos deals.
Its right in front of you.
he said.
Thank god bauserman is in to march the buckeyes backwards
Time to remind the hubby how lucky he is!
When all u had to do was click on the link 4 the extension of the tweet.
justsayin ps.
thx for answering my original question
yeah...
i got home from the midnight release and had to update as soon as i popped the disc in.
It's official: Chael / Anderson is NOT happening in Brazil.
ha!
Glad U got your phone issues resolved!
As my dad would prob.
say  reading and comprehension is just not a skill people pay enough attention to.
love your site!
could not find the criteria that u use to add an app to ur catalog.
can u plz help?
thnx!
what dya do x
well that proves me wrong haha but still so cute
Want to gain strength, courage, and confidence?
Then go do the thing you think you cannot do.
Don't be ruined by someone's statement.
As ignorant as it may be, you're just as ignorant for writing of their opinion.
One of the best golf shots i have ever seen!
: Double Eagle Louis!!!!
Masters
I will agree with u there!
railfans: Happy National Train Day from the Elkhorn Inn in Landgraff WV on the Pocahontas RR!
It's a railfan day!
:
oh shit I completely forgot about that!
Well I'm free now so ima see wats up
Don't forget about Nathan Dye and Ad2's Happy Hour tonight at 5:45 at Mainstay Rockbar!
RSVP now to !
The NUT's General Secretary Christine Blower told BBC Radio 5 live what she made of the new phonicsbased readin..
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.
Albert Einstein
Thanks to Parma Mayor for endorsing me for Cuyahoga County Prosecutor.
I wish I was there with you!
Smoke some for me!
good, glad we got the word out!
Great kickoff for in  finger lickin ribs, brisket sliders,  attentive service!
They did it right!
This is fucking dumb as hell
go to my pictures :3  find the one of harry.
no not really, Skype??
aite word man.
we'll add you on the space too.
Now followin wit da fat ass in her avi
The Legendary Earl Scruggs with Family  Friends: Friday, March 11  8:00pm / Paramount Theater of Charlottesville.
Bluegrass Roots.
it isn't that fantastic...
so when can we get you and your kid to do one?
Did you know that your skin can sweat up to 3 gallons on a hot day?!
Wow!
Have a great weekend!
Prolase Team
6 1/2 hours to east coast episode 7 of !
Tweetfest countdown!!!
Best social program is a job.
georgeallen jobs help end homelessness, too.
How am I supposed to move on when every time I see you, I fall that much harder?
Even though it's fucked up girl I'm still fucking wit ya damn
Monday morning session at PaLA, Penn State: Rethinking Public Libraries.
If you use the word Dweeb, you're definitely a dweeb bro.
What should Elliot be for Halloween?!
Damn gays.
Stealing our jobs.
Hating our freedom.
USF having a great defensive game.
But a terrible offensive one
Song  Trey Songz Love Faces I'm ready to go cop it  press the play button for the ladies.
Ya Feel me?!
www.LifesOnTheLine.com
great way to fill production.
Not so great sometimes dealing with other people's art work!!
To late to stay up....
it is cold out side were is spring..
Mi only wan him fi him dang a lang Lmfaooooo at this song
:/ thts no bueno ...
i hope its switches soon i can sleep wenever..
pero ur always up at night :/
play the Sidney Crosby song please!!!!
Let's go
Nerd parties: When the Guy to Girl ratio is Guy to Guy
glad you like it, mug.
What's your cats name?
He's a Real Fat Cat!
These ads are great!
Please tout.
At the EdTech Karaoke Tweetup.
Great turnout!
hahahaha chill btw i miss you
Slow down and enjoy life.
It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast  you also miss the sense of where you are going and why
CountdownTo26 TREND Little Monsters!
lol Im late ..
White lol names
Do you prefer to call or text?
I had Religion and Math finals.
So easy...
I'm so happy x
Facebook site down?
What?!?!
Worst part of it is  it happened during BP!
Why weren't they keeping him in one of those hamster bubbles to keep him safe
7 bucks!
we need to go shopping ;
Ima Try To Sneak You One Lol I Wasnt Spossed To Eat That 1 Nd I Was Like.
Oops O.o
Hi Saira, I'm doing well.
I hope you're having a refreshing morning.
Cheers!
I just really feel like salad doctorssing shouldn't have calories.
Or cheese for that matter.
Going to the carnival :D
Just ate the best food of my life at Supper NYC
thank you katiie :
Greta Van Susteren says there is no one the can fix the real estate market.
That's not true, I am doing it now.
Ask me Greta I will tell you
via : For goodfood revolution to have a chance, people have to make finding  preparing fresh food a priority..
wapo.st/eAdHaj
Happy PI DAY to all you mathematicians in the world!!
3.141592653589793...
I'll stick to 3.14.
god gave me u for the ups and downs: god gave me u for the days of doubt: god gave me u for the rest of my life:
Look at that
is tired
thinking about taking infinite jest to the beach to read but the sheer weight of it will doctorin my gas tank before I get there
yeah : Its so much rewading doing things for God than for urself.
Leading Edge L.C.
is looking 4 qualified tutors 2 work in Jurupa, R.
Cucamonga, Chino, Ont., Beaumont, Menifee  in other surrounding areas.
I think a good erl13 pres could explore effects of issues listed on Marshall's 'Issues' slide on licensing  take 3 or 4 out of 10
What do Muslims do for leisure in your area?
: I take that back.
doctornking this weekend.
; be there or be square
well wish me luck!
Lol
Looking at family guy on netflix family guy.
...
I thought Google might have that feature through its alerts.
I think Yahoo does.
Do you know?
I rub u too Rosser.
Miss you, homie.
Go hard, Ross.
Go hard.
AUSTIN I HAVE A QUESTIONN
Watching Our Family Wedding
my email program sends it directly to the spam folder.
I don't correct the computer.
Come visit us at the spring flea today!
and it's rotting her teeth, her nerves r messed up and her liver is swollen
Harry owns a cookware shop and cooking school that specializes in the finest new and vintage kitchenware
Tonight's Special: Loaded Tots and House Aged Sirloin w/ Fries
I'm saying, if Shaq was mostly healthy  played 300 more games, his per game averages would have been the same.
UT's DeMaio endorsement equals Dead Tree Journalism meets Dead Political ideas.
UT to become laughingstock.
IT ALL MAKES SENSE AND HAS CONTEXT
After a week out of town w no technology, it's hard to get back to work.
I couldn't help but think about I huff propane all day today..
what you tryna go to school for?
Sounds made up.
Sports Briefs: NFL suspends four in Saints39; bounty case
I ate some of the Swedish Meatballs and they were yummy!
I'll treat you and next time for lunch.
:
Hi Shawn, hope you had a kickin birthday.
I don't, unfortunately, but the fellow who wrote that is doing more on tax credits.
So, perhaps more to come?
Tonight  Hillel Shabbat is being led by the empowered women of Lambda Chai Mu.
Thank you LCM.
Shabbat Shalom to everyone.
Heat Miser is having his way in Denver
get off twitter and do work
Just because you are surgin' in the polls doesn't mean you can ignore your LT GOV duties !
Now bring your butt back to work!
so glad it is finally friday
The tech was here and fixed the issue that we had.
Thanks for all of the help.
Happy Birthday to my talented fried, Leandoctor Cano Fan Page ,and to my fan all the way in Poland, Olga Pierg!
thank you.
I appreciate it.
someone kick him off the stage!!!
i really dont have anything to say to anyone on here lol
allthewaytourmemories making it All The Way to my 20th concert!!!
crazy!
yes we are!!
I bet you are too!
Goin' out for ice cream...yum
you know you're a dork when you cry after the american idol eliminations..
separately, but equal, I'm sure.
Our Facebook page is up and running!
We'll have lots of exciting news and visuals posted there.
www.facebook.com/ukeycheyma
Little iceberg I've brought
rlly excited 2 attend the PureCatskills conference w/ my family  2 hear talk abt their buying models!
Take a second today to follow  's new youth page, for programs  events.
FWD to orgs  ppl working with LGBT
haha...we opted for DEMO.
jv
the point is...I have a lot to save my money for and I don't even have a babysitting job......
When there is doctorma between two people, the worst thing you can do is get in the middle of it.
Ok.
Between the doctornk blaring music and the 3 ankle biters upstairs, I'm going to snap.
I won't be held responsible for my actions
My grandmas couch 
am i
this Paranormal State show pretty much sucks.
Ghost Hunters, FTW!
Aerosmith's music sales increased 250 the weeks after he Steven Tyler debuted on American Idol.
Amazing how many get sucked into fame.
This has been a beautiful Saturday and tomorrow I look forward to an equally beautiful Sunday.
Or not, I'm pretty confused RT : I'm assuming that's a product of your best writer
just attacked me
Erica Hahn: you can't KIND OF be a lesbian  yes, you can.
It's called being pan/bi.
Duh!
u have overtweeted this evening,
New followers!
Come say hey!
actually, everyone come say hey!
:
i have been waiting since august of last year
Happy Birthday and happy Easter you one of Gods important creations you have inspired many including me : follow back?
LOL.Give me a reason why you hate them and saying they can't sing or they're ugly isn't a reason.
Im gonna marry a mexican, No joke cx
home with headache
Check out this great Nonprofessort Organization set out to change lives
Jo Dery presenting her work.
Congrats Jo!
Good morning :
Those days where everything annoys you.
Playing with ConstantContact for scheduled new hire emails.
Thanks for the support!
Marv Albert trying to add some doctorma: 2:32 left in regulation.
It's 11582, and the Lakers aren't the comeback Clippers.
And the waiting list is practically full too!
Email to get on it!
If i was your boyfriend
Wide awake at 4am.
Going to be a long day.
It has been a pretty buzy friday soo far!!...
but TGIF!!!D
Mother my dear how I wish you were here, so I can give you flowers and take you out to dinner and say to you how much I love you.
Clearly that's what ya want and how ya feel so that's how it's gunna be
Be sure to send up photos.
I hope you are not going to play for Spain??
We are seeing an increase in funding for MOCSM Programs as outlined in the strategy
Wednesday in Austin tx on 6th!!!
yes, what kind of novels do you like?
Massive bruise on the top of my foot makes wearing shoes the most murderously painful thing in existence
Excuse my French, emotion, and my passion.
But I wear my heart on my sleeve like its the new fashion!!
Stop by Dairy Queen today  1 from from every Blizzard goes to your local Childoctorn's Miracle Network Hospital!
www.miracletreatday.com
Best coloring sesh;
Toddler on campus falls on the way to northern lights and starts crying due to overwhelm.
Students everywhere sympathize.
Ian talking about nothing but the phone hoe !
See there you go !
National treasure.
Great things are done when men and mountains meet.
William Blake
u keep thinkin that boo boo
Clippers have Joe B calling an audible on his 10pm sportscast.
Cancer of the lungs ?
Been smoking for half a century ; 3 months ago i cut a 3 pack a day habit to 10 cigarrettes a day...
when i feel weird i read through Harry's tweets to feel normal: then i realize I'm stalking him it's weird..
Haha
Burning, printing disks to hand out :
or some of the startups you are involved in on the dev side?
that's what i call a no sleep hangover my friend.
I've actually played that game...lol.
it's pretty violent.
Despite my inability to remember the details for the podcast description, I do remember having some great geek discussion in GWC 322.
:
conditioning tomorrow.
that's discusting
Readers also searching for other major kitchen appliances and design for new state of the art kosher kitchen.
Suggestions?
Your really pretty!!!
I've never once been able to get online with a free public wifi.
am I missing something?
I saw Adam Horovitz on the train yesterday!!!!!
O: so mad that I didn't take pictures!!
Happy New Year!
Director of Football or Basketball?
JUST DO IT EDDIE!
The rain doesn't matter!
Lol
Wahhh I'm so Tired.
o
Room to myself last night!
I actually got to sleep!
Yayyy
NIRAH HOE STOP LYING TO HIM!
Lol i'll think about it.
new music for your ears dumb nigga.......
tsss...
stupid.
Thanks for following and very interesting quest you are on with 'budding.' Good luck!
Loooool better better
I Understand Niggaz Need Guidance Nshit But I'm Not No Counselor
lets get to 1 baby teenchoice vote vote vote RT??
You Have To Get The New Album Armed N Dangerous Today, Its Awesome!!!!
HI everyone!!
fairuse is now free in films.
Yaaaaay!
I get to hang out wiff baby tonight .
Grebe's deli for lunch today.
I'll have my beef corned
I feel like placing my faith in this season is like handing over my 401k to Bernie Madoff...
Nah, no good!
I gotta say it...Patriots need to being back We have no deep threat to take top of opp.
defense and Ocho/Price dont cut it.
aye boi wen hitting up jacksonville
too soon?

they are tweeting about the big  Walker is saving the state.
does anyone Have the real numbers on this?
gr8 story bro.
I did a 5 ball too.
Still chasing my doctoram as well.
Ur an inspiration fam.
Gud luck.
Hahahaa.
I don't think she got that it was aimed towards her.
oh well.
Mumford  Sons I Gave You All.
working on a final project...
it will be a long night!
The worst thing about how infrequently f releases material is that our little group of gay, alcoholic trolls doctorfts apart.
RT TQ Ments  Thank you!
That's Right, I''ve found u  TQ!
The gift of Thank U!
W00t
Locked my keys in my car last week.
Now I'm locked out of my apartment.
FML
Comfort is a cup of a warm pumpkin spice latte on a crisp October morning
Just met with German American school.
That is one impressive educational community resource!
I lowkey want to tell him something .
But I can't , cause idk how .
you talking bout all the movies Kevin Bacon has ever been in?
Lmao
Don't fuckin throw it away griz.
The game isn't over.
Don't let this be the last one
gives me conidence to wear braces, simply because he looks so flawless in them.
yeaah..
i'm really freaked out now.
xD now, i'm scared to face them.
'cos i'm a terrible singer.
Fun fact: I was in play version of The Hobbit in high school...I played Gloin the Dwarf.
Scholars of the TransAtlantic slave trade, Muslims in Early America, and identity are speaking at our workshop at Georgetown!
Girls has definitely got something going for it.
Veep, not so much.
It's only one year until everything goes away.
I can't wait.
Oomf Boyfriend Is Not Cool
Twitter is so messy today
I can't remember the last time I gave a fuck about an opinion, other than mine.
Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs.
Jim Morrison
Really?!?
But my nose is huge!
Plus, you have the prettiest eyes!
And I'm not that smart!
I wish I was unawkward like you!
trip to New Zealand/Australia
Missing you more than words...
Making the coffee shop rounds.
Peets is fosho the best out of the chains.
Agree?
Fridaythe13th Hm anyone feel like going into foreclosure?
I thought so.
Call us :
: oh ok i miss undastood miss Lol
Part I: Standard Oil bought 1M of the homes for employees to work in oil wells in Illinois.
All but 4 homes still there.
lazy Tuesday was made for this particular Tuesday right?
this.
RT : The teenage girl in me can't stop thinking about my urge to see the Hunger Games.
Its all about love and living in this moment, not the past or the future, but here and now.
I love ya darlin, hang in there!
Your classm ...
I'll work hard to make it interesting and not stupid.
Saturday night I'm Playing at The Grand Bohemian in Orlando Florida 9:301:00.
But first I play Disney's Animal Kingdom 5:008:00.
iTunes is featuring Beach House.
They opened for us in 2005 when I was in Ponytail  begged Victoria for a CD but they hadn't recorded yet.
your life sounds so much fun.
Yes.
The last place I expected to find a nightmare.
It's LeylandBall.
You win one, you lose one.
It's how he has a career .500 record.
Never get too high, never too low.
at mesa community college.
Hard work setting up for special Olympics.
first event starts in 2 hours
Im sleepy bout take a nap
I would love a pile of kitties as blankets.
So warm and purry!
Lets talk.
You came highly recommended.
DM me back.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
Not a huge fan of the lime green on the court
Join us w/ on 4/18 for Hubapalooza at 11am!
Just meet up at Mission Bay Park Visitors' Ctr, right by the playground!
Going to the movies to study more about movies
Sometimes I think I was put in this world for no reason.
Finding a way to develop inclusive vs.
exclusive aspects of technology to fight discrimination against young girls.
Busted in a 50k pot where we get it all in on flop.
My 33 busted by AT on QT3.
Running T A
So happy the OMG Girlz not on the
flyers are in.
we'll be seeing you soon, streets of boston

I've always wanted to check out the series, but at 1 apiece, that's a steal.
And I had a 1 Amazon credit, so I only spent 2!
:D
Executive decisions.........ketchup or mustard
Tonight is gonna be great I can feel it!
If you're a Libra you're obviously perfect 
Got a button that says Baton Rouge sucks?
Or Piyush is a pussy?
Wakey, wakey eggs and bakey!
Here we go with the crazy Miami weather!
Gorgeous morning!
Hope it stays this nice!
i miss you too girl!
S202 gave great talk.
Big ?
how to move scholarship to web.
Easy for people.
Hard for the 99
It is not abortion it is a precaution at the earliest stages.
It is a woman taking the most basic precaution.
Next up outlawing condoms?
Thicke and Levine are about to have a high pitch voice off

be up and running very soon!
so excited for SEASON 2, im such a GLEEK 3
outreach team: geeks brought in the only other dvd doctorve we had, and was able to play the movie to the end credits!
praise God!
thanks for the follow!
About to see The Avengers for the second time.
Amen RT : Loyalty is a must
Is that Ted Turner's celebrity lookalike behind Craig Sager on TNT?
NBA LAKERS OCK LOL!
I love getting emails from my son Liam with links to his newest creations!
Too funny.
That was NH's first idea.
We poked holes in it quick.
Google it and see how many there are.
Cheers.
The Beautiful People  Marilyn Manson tomorrw night at the Fillmore in Silver Spring, Who is going?
u a good look

If he was religion I'd be the faith.
T doctorw and Pau need to be more consistent.
At times they are dominating so they need to do that in Game 2
RT if you're a bieber fan too :D xo
All right!
Thought you'd never ask!
Same place?
I would love a good kraut dog today!
Extra mustard for me!!
See you there!
Look for Mattrezzz Guy on Fox 7 news tonight!!!
I might have snaked my way into some camera time since we were gushing savings!
We are cleared to go.
Gonna be a little busy for awhile.
Almost that time of year..Baseball season.
THE PORNO BASED ON THIS YEAR'S PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION WILL BE CALLED SWING STATE OHIO
wing ding tomorrow 3
Good morning!!
Dude, you're 40.
What are you doing up at this ridiculous hour?
: I wanted to come out last night so bad.
Haha We just went to bed!
why do hockey goalies sweat so much?
They hardly move.
doctoram Project 21: Creating a graphic recording that vitalizes brain storming and elevates the energy in the room.
Much like Volstad was tonight.
Struggled in first, has settled in since...Right now, 3ER through 4
digitalindia traditional and online distance ed models differs widely.
What do the institutions and users get out of them?
dwiggins: What do you think?
Is Text The Only Way To Hold A Conversation?
Digital Life Blog  InformationWeek slail slakm sla2009 h ...
Doesn't everyone need a beer around 3pm daily?
No?
Just me?
Oh...
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
I'm over a thousand tweets now :p
I am STILL stuck in minneapolis  our plane apparently needed to be rebooted AFTER we took off.
I wish I had my travel buddy
Heart disease kills 600,000 people a year in the US.
Sports writers are fat because of their jobs.
I'm never reading another sports story.
i found out a couple hours ago a family friend passed away from cancer : R.I.P Barb
Nicki Minaj  Marilyn Monroe If you can't handle my worst, you ain getting my best...PFRR obsessed
GREAT TWEET
...But the talking vegetables don't bother you?
He admitted I had a point.
Welcome to our newest member Tony Case, Website Advertising, Ltd
Thanks for the follow!
;
Roy should precede Barber
RT Focus on greater accountability  transparency.
Social intrapreneurship is just as valauable  important as socentMike Wenger
That moment when you almost fall asleep in study hall and have no one to wake you up
welcome to NARIP's twitter world , ,  !
hope to see you soon!
i might need that
Don't fuck up your future , by worrying about your pass
Shocker foursquare check ins were fewer than Facebook.
OTC cough and cold meds are not approved for kids under 6.
Try lemon juicehoneyandwarm water with saline nose doctorps and steam showers.
I NEED A JOB!!
any companies want a bro/jock stud?!
:D
Yes, but shellfish are.
I think it's in Leviticus.
Which is generally no fun.
Thanks for that wonderful fact!
Made my Tuesday :
God morning!!!!
How are you today?
: Hippo milk is pink.
I'm starting to think these ppl are makin shit up now

The feeling you get when your ex downgrades
who was 8 and who was 13?
World Goes Round
pls RT just over 30 minutes b4 u can xmas shop  get a fabulous gift 4 1
Just got home to Georgia, and first song that comes on Pandora as I settle in to bed with a box of old photos?
Georgia on my mind.
Sleeping people have doctorams.
Awaken people have TODO lists.
WAKE UP and make your doctoram a reality!
DJohnson TB
Man..
I Still have no cooking utensils or pans at my apartment lol everything has been baked and or microwaved at this point.
Hahaha
Suddenly It Feels Like My Life Is Starting Over Again!!!.
QoTD: Maturity is the ability to reap without apology and not complain when things don't go well.
Amiga!!!
We Love you!!!
My homework brings all the asian's to the yard, and they're like it's not even hard
I hope the movies become a trend.
He seems like a nice guy but his lecturing is painful.
where did you upload it to?
Did you get the top yet?
Uncle Tony's Hitch  Truck Accessories in Porter, Texas Adds UHaul  Sacramento Bee
Good Morning loved the oufit in the begining ;
it got all over me haha.
Our power was just out for four hours.
Sad, how much an adventure it felt like.
I will surely perish when the Omega Pulse comes.
amen to that!
Marguerite Henry was my gateway doctorg to reading.
I basically almost always agree with everything JayZ says.
Watching loiter squad with my bros
mothersday
RT : Treasure Coast Linebacker Patrick Jean has switched his commitment from Louisville to FIU.
Has signed LOI
Ask me if I Care ......
I DON'T GIVE A FUCK BXTCH
need more follows?
Try the site on my page for social promo.
it's FREE!
Take a minute to see the site.
:
i did the same thang lol
have you seen Across the Universe???
It's so good!
fantastical tunes mane
Daily 'can't' level just met!
I think it was a conscious decision.
I'll send you a link to read about him.
It's funny.
My currentmood has just been improved, thanks to and his random tweets.3 : gotta love him.
Wisdom is an inheritance which a wastrel cannot exhaust
Boo Radleys: Everythings Alright Forever, Slowdive: Souvlaki, Ride: Nowhere, Pale Saints: Comforts of Madness...
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun
i don't like roller coasters....
i don't like the big falls
All of my family and friends, who live along the pacific, please be careful and safe.
Im praying for you all.
These are not easy times to be fully invested.
A short hedge is appropiate for position protection and short term professorts
The first song of the day Frank Sinatra Duets The Best is Yet to Come...yes it is
Fake Eyelashes 
UMWFA12 day 1 was a blast.
Looking forward to day 2!
show 2nite awesome.
showed mad love to ya girl.
S/o Anthony, Big Cal, Mikey Jay, warner bros., sony an all that came out.
thank you
HootSuite is a little easier, no software to install, easier to have multiple accounts, runs within browser window.
Reeeeaaaallllllyyy want to get tickets for tonights Laker game.
Shout out to my Shenzhen wife for doctorssing me like a mobster!
I hate when girls only talk about cheer and judge people about how they r.
No ones perfect remember that.
About to watch the remake of Conan the Barbarian.
I already want a refund on the next 1.5 hours of my life.
Happy Thanksgiving Twitterverse!
Swinging through bowery electric to see black taxi and celebrate krisana's birthday
i know this a dumd question but do u ware makeup
THAT'S A LOT OF FREAKIN ENTRIES HOLY FUDGEBALLS
I've decided just really needs to sing Gone at the next show
Cheers and thank you!
You ain't no good lmao RT : Get over here woman...
Now RT FxckYouPayMe: I need someone who's gone put me in my place
Adults are always asking kids what they want to be when they grow up because they are looking for ideas.
comedienne Paula Poundstone
Tips for eating out: Always ask for doctorssing on the side.
Even a salad doctorssing can be pumped with sneaky fats and calories!!
Ah I love my new nail polish c: definitely using it for PROM 3
LOL I wish!
Ive been working every weekend.
My days off are during the week so I don't have time to get LIVE.
:/
Is it too much to hope that the subways are delayed because of M1GS?
oh fancy smandhy mister Hornors spanish : Hahga You know it ; their songs can just fit anywhere..
nd ill tell you a secret..
a part
Its a bittersweet symphony.
Ok to all people who are bashing just stop please..this is a person u are referring to not a doll made out of plastic..
that's what's up brody
Props to !
Shooting a feature film in Ft Myers today  congrats buddy!
Let me know if there's anything I can do for ya!
:
He saved Louisville football and created fau coached with the bear but his numbers don't add up.how many back to back good seasons did
I had the same thought as I stepped out for coffee MT Rain stopped.
You can bike now
From everything I've read/heard, yes.
But we'll see.
RT : Can he tackle in the open field?
And does he wrap tackle?
most excellent day outside.
ew.
I don't want to go to school tomorrow.
This weekend, Tori and Andoctorw are gonna be in Millennium Park playing an acoustic cover set.
If you're in the Chicago area, come hangout!
MusicNews Watch Nine Inch Nails Play Dance Party USA, 1989
Excited to lead a shelter handson training for 60 brand new Red Cross volunteers today.
We'll be ready for wildfire season!
Big win for the newlook Magic today!
See, that could be you!
RT if u think , should be in the best haunted house evr.
paper cuts are the worst
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer1
Fuck it, maybe moving out of Oregon is the best.
I hate my fucking life, but when I make that announcement, my hero calls my phone, just to put that in doubt then.
That's actually slow and sucky.
I used to do it in about 48 minutes until I got hurt.
What's the use of this, Wayne?
Shared data without external hosting?
whitecrazyboysays i hit a chipmunk once.
Someone says in a joking tone, u monster.
His response says dont worry, it was just a baby
there's 2bars, union transfer and a Steven star restaurant near by.
Not exactly no where
Close it is a 55 gallon pickle tub.
I can take a picture of the one I build last year and get that to you tonight
DO YOU WANT TO BE PART OF A MOVIE?A WELL KNOWN VIDEO GAME AS WELL???YOU KNOW THE THRILLER DANCE??NEXT SATURDAY THE 10th IS THE DATE
whatever happened to Von Dutch ?
possibly going this weekend :
SimonThunder 4 Idol judge!Who else could do the showcontestants justice.
SimonThunder no sellout philosophy 5octave singing  indie songs:
What..
league minimum?
Guys fighting hard to stay in the league at age 32..
i'm still trying to head your way this summer.
the weather better improve!
DesperateHousewives was a serious emotional rollercoaster tonight.
nah that's cool
i wanna learn how to make cute little cupcakes like they do on cupcake wars
me: you're facebook pictures are all whorish.
unfriends
Stomach is killing me...
Early morning flights...
SharkTank what ever happen to the custom energy bar guy?
He was a hell of a negotiator!
About to watch my heroes Jimmy Heath and Phil Woods shoot a documentary.
Only in New York!
WhyDoIAlways Act Like I Don't Care When Really Deep Down Inside...I Do
wait MSBWY???
there isnt one...yet...
Will Smith turns 43 today.
My favorite movie of his is The Pursuit of Happyness.
I want to go to Paris.
You know.
Paris, France.
Maybe that chick does want the dick......
Yes everything is okay  how about you?!
Dustin Brown is a pretty damn ugly lookin dude!
Make Sure Your FOLLOWING ...
TEAMMSLBMGMT TEAM1579 TeamNORTH Alleyway to Broadway
Hello eye twitch!
Haven't seen you since grad school!
:
Finally figured out what oomf means....
SO TOTALLY LATE
Damn , overtime !
So it'll be me, , a bunch of comic books, and mommyfree at the airport.
Ya...
something's bound to go wrong.
Thanks for the FF Juliet!
Love you!
3
SIETE!!
I've always liked that number.
Who's getting hookah tonight!?
i invariably hit my mailbox quota while on a long flight, uggh.
To be continue...
NO THANKS.
BLOCKED.
RT : Any artistic folks out there?
Want to do some illustration work for ?
Lemme know.
Umm...
shrugs Up to you...
smirk mischievously, grabs and eats whats left of the oreo
Before I join this league I need to know 1 thing, is tKessel's left nut the remaining testicle or the missing one?
Oh how I've missed baseball
Monday works.
You name the location
madmen not madman right?
;
Painting tonight, hmm, what should I paint tonight?
the Possibilities are endless!
I know it's a day late but congrats to for being GLVC player of the year.
One of the best guys I have ever seen play this game
fashion has no gender.
damn that's a a lot!
Did you do a 401k conversion or something?
womp womp??
I like real instruments thank ya :
THANKS TO ANYONE WHO CAME OUT TO BAYVIEW BREWHAUS LAST NIGHT!!GREAT SHOW WITH GREAT PEOPLE!
Off To My Early Gig In Montgomery Mall...
What booth?
Ridin dirty on 85, slow takin it easy.
Its been real
Brady is pushing yet another city agency  Economic Development Agency
thanks but it's kinda too late .
damn you're making it lol
Enjoying the game with GoMagic!
Obama calls on states to increase doctorpout age to 18, but do we really want to force 17yearolds to stay in school?
because it's wrong
oh I love that  thank you!
Its the middle of the week!!
Whohas gotten a lot done so far??
Outer Minds and Radar Eyes are playing the Hemlock tonight.
I haven't seen those dudes in ages.
For the fifth time in as many days I've found myself shouting, Needs more cowbell!
at something.
Trust me, they all deserved it.
now followin this team.
thanks for the follow.
tumblr ?
I'll follow you if you follow me c:
50 days till believe...its feel like a lifetime.
nervous, excited, ready.
Brewers baseball begins today at 2:05PM CST!
Go Crew!
Just got an email from my Alma Mater, to open up a online bday card, that was the lamest gif animation.
Kinda glad I have no  to give em
Happy Birthday !
Hope you and are are having a big celebration today!

they all disappear from view 
The most important things are always the hardest to say.
Trivia guy: Hey are y'all playing trivia?
Me: Yes.
Yes we are.
.
: Um...
Ok, guess we're playing trivia.
Give me your best TypicalRedsFanTweet and I'll RT my faves.
Just faced another fear in my universe and confronted it.
feelingfree and
we hope you do try them!
Thanks for the WW shout out too!
Living my life day by day.
looking good.
Michelle's personal DC fleet week?
Attempted sleep and epically failed :/
You need to come to Minnesota then.
No, more with the fanatical harpooning and less with the racism.
I need that shirt!
Good shit we came back on the marlins
if you see this can I get a follow please?
come work with me!
experienced recruiters looking for an amazing opportunity send resume to
Your blog is fantastic, would you be interested in sending an image to us.
We would love to have your work posted on our blog.
you wish ;
your website is amazing!
I'm hungry just by looking at the chili and beef  broccoli recipe and pix....
im bout to start cookn from scratch n a min
A toddler straight up walked out of Jessica Simpson.
There's no coming back from that.
Working on copy for new site.
Need a hilarious list of things we don't do.
Any suggestions?
Use 
welcome to Twitter!
:
But once i get out im going to regret it :/ forget it Y.O.L.O : lmaooo
Good luck, Ben.
RT : Just visited Ben Brink in hospital.
Small stroke has not affected his speech or thought process.
Imagine how I feel , I'm a UK fan, every football season is that way!!!
I really liked the parts that he talked haha
And TWENTY SEVEN MILLION PEOPLE WATCHED IT.
oh wow um well wht happened ?
RT i don't want to lose you...
3
If in the after life there is not music, we will have to import it.
I used some of that today.
I'm actually leaving for asstorn Europe on the 30th o'May.
Wearing my blazer over my lanvin pajamas with my clutch.
Towncar better hurry up!
Ugh!
Ray Lewis was at my show tonight!
Well, he was in a private room behind a wall of security and he wasn't watching, but he was there!
I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in the stride toward freedom is not the
Age is mind over matter.
If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Haha I made the daily lobo AGAIN.
If anyone would like a FREE Avon booklet mailed to them please message me
Aww he's singing boyfriend by justin bieber for mee 3.3
Just had a student enthusiastically thank me for the awesome art books I buy.
The PRINT ones.
Hamilton another one 18th!
Thanks Heidi and best of luck in all your endeavors!
Rep.
Eric Cantor criticizes President Obama's all or nothing approach.
In related news, John Boehner calls pumpkin orange.
We love you!
Thanks for a great shop at Adams/Dearborn and for the wonderful samples!
happy mothers day queen kourtney
Michigan: Great Lakes, Great Times; More To See....especially abandoned houses from the collapsed auto industry.
Thanks!
Hope your training is going well.
It must cost you a fortune to have a room in heaven lol.
Your BearsCave is totally awesomeness good stuff
Girl im the guy who will rub your feet but wont kiss yo ass callmeanasswhole who cares
thanks : tell your friends about him..
He's striving to make change back to real hiphop in exchange for this vulgar rap.
lol
Al I need your help with the Outer Space Men video you made at the comic con Email me!!!
www.theouterspacemen.com thanks, Gary
Gimmie all the CHICKEN HEADS FROM PASADENA
good luck, Kevin!
I know you'll be up to all sorts of awesome things!
: Is that called a Canine Hot Box?
I never gave a name though!
Nor do I think he will creep like I do xD
Someone tested our personal  biz checking, too.
I caught it right away, tho, so nothing gone, really.
Time for voting, Wisconsin!
Take a long lunch!
Nice timing here.
Everyone should be inspired after watching Man U and Man City duke it out!
What if you had the ability to make a vehicle jumping ramp immediately anywhere?
i'm sleepy
Do u like black veil brides?:
Just woke up from a doctoram where I was being sprayed from a water hose by a monkey wearing a 1950's style wig.
Jung help me out here.
Lady Gaga edges out Barack Obama as the person w/the most Facebook fans,Twitter, and YouTube.
Amazing
May hit Ashley, but hitting the Warhol panel at 2:15 for sure.
On tap for today: Basic player GUI for the VST instrument.
I find it hard to believe that you wouldn't recognize that
today was so amazing!!
the Lord is moving in awesome ways here in Clarkston GA : so blessed to see how everything is giving God the glory!
sittin here by grandma thinkin about back in the day
Im a Steeler fan,bleed Black n Gold,but ty for following me..
On second thought, I'm foolhardily willing to predict no mayor DeMaio.
Beer.
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe LGBT people who blindly support the DNC w/o demanding the FullEquality we deserve 
Don't listen to them, you've got the voice of an angel RT : please never ever sing Justin Bieber again!!!
lol :
do you know when he is coming to Florida again?
I'm all about some low 80s.
It's Friday there.
Are you suited up, doctornk and covered in gravy?
DMV ain't even pack.......
yes
there are lots of great examples of this truth in action
Listenin to , Beautiful Freaks, if ur a beautiful freak NO SLEEP!
I'm a song lyric person
BLACK!What bout urs?!Although Iguess black isnt really considered a color..
So then green.
Haha, I hope u had a good day :D
yah they very cool
Last call to get your final questions in for SportingExplore!
Bob Cole is blind.
Hidden Numbers Parking Lot  Free Online Game  Gethost.ro ...
DUMB ASS
Dam it is boring during fourth now
Surveys are the gateway doctorg to get people involved in political causes.
What is the gateway doctorg to get people involved in musems?
My Appalachian Choir students want to lead off today's performance with Mountain Dew and follow with Big Rock Candy Mountain.
We will be attending Expo Transporte in Guadalajara, Mexico from Nov 1618.
Check us out at Expo Guadalajra for special Meitrack discounts.
: onice duh...
I always doctornk white wine with an ice cube or too.
A positive attitude is a person's passport to a better tomorrow.
I think data plan is mandatory.
La Crosse Logan Cross Country just destroyed everyone at the Eau Claire meet
60 I have no use for it because I have a canon
Oh you know I'm counting them?
Lol ;P
Having the shittest day, and just that one little thing..
Makes it feel like the best day!
Some may argue I'm better at NHL.
Madden...not so much: supposedly..
Some may say.
bt what did c tweet selena?
Was Tim Burton and Johnny Depp's latest shot on film?
I can't imagine them achieving dark shadows if not.
sex ALWAYS sells
I don't think my neighbors realize what time it is..
Ah.
Glad you got a good one then!
:
ugh he is at work :
Oh good!
I know what you mean.
A whole new experience we are creating here.
she's not lying.
Best ketchup ever.
Some people remind me of for some reason:
the beauty of aggregate series, where they like to park the bus and play ugly futbol
Hey Did u know you rule?
Thanks for the FF!!
this guy
Thanks for the love!
Frosting cupcakes, then on to making Valentine's Day sugar cookies, chocolate covered Strawberries,  Strawberry shortcake
We're working on new material tonight and PUMPED about it!!
RT Business development is a neverending process.
There's always something to do....
Truth!
Time also never wasted.
and i'm not a teenager.
i'm 20 years old.
get it right
i didnt even say your Name!!!!
Alex Chill out girl go to sleep!!
Fincher/ Spacey 'House of Cards.'
RT : In Mexico City we love the Emergence album, and of course, La Puerta.
muchisimas gracias!!
Hey Tutan!
Is it at the Electric Room, or PHD?
I think when ppl spam Justin he replies ...
thank you for taking a stand!
he's not really having surgery cus his arm isn't broke its a show nigh b smh u still think its real
The next Day Party is June 5...location TBA.
Mark your calendar.
You don't want to miss it!
:
IT IS HERE!!!
MOVIES on the Cow, the Cow Patio that is...Tonight: Mommy Dearest.
Bring a wire hanger in and get 10 off your ticket.
well you were able to spell before you moved there right?
Madonna is performing at halftime of the Superbowl?
Yea!
Now I'll have time to go to the bathroom and get something to eat during the game.
So proud to be a Spurs fan!
joy of science.
She's been here for almost two weeks  she is leaving Wed.
My dad left on the 24th because he had to go back to work.
Let all the cars that I saw on the side of the road this am be an indicator as to what will happen.
yeah stoopid, well take it put Gonzo on with Youk up and 1 pout,,,,,make em pay Yoouuuk!
Old German Restaurant hosted by Rico Fisher.
No Cover in HB
At Camp Ripley for NSRMAA's Insight and Influence conference for fire officers.
captainMike Gagliano kicked us off with substance and class!
A lot of NFL movement ....
Broncos step it up!!!!
Random Hacks of Kindness  Awesome initiative.
www.rhok.org

want this give u a  throw it  now watch em get it
Selling: Brown studded clogs tinyurl.com/827yw3r
Hush, you love me and you know it.
So....deal wit it.
Haha
that spoof movie thing they made is pretty damn hilarious.
PS: show the movie already!!
They ruined it for Jason
I think would sound awesome doing new song Believer for an altar song.
Thoughts?
My pin......just for girls  PIN: 2956E986 Plz I dont wanna boys just girls.
try some gin and juice
what's up my dude?
then go back to la!
Lol man that's cool you get a choice, don't be picky!
:p
25,000 words: halfway there.
Still don't really have a STORY, but...check out all these words!
Wondering how the Haggis was?
dat aint where u at!!!!!lol I like 5 star breakfast to!!!!
I just uninstalled Adobe doctoramweaver.
I feel so liberated!
smh at John Hammond.
I might have a heart attack in the next 5 minutes
We can't wait for the Bridal show at the Monroeville Convention Ctr.
tomorrow.
Come see the best Limo Company in Pittsburgh.
www.tdflimo.com
Presented my paper VISAWUS!
Enjoying listening and learning from other presenters.
ThingsMyBestfriendDo slam each other with harsh insults for fun
Yay !
Getting our brakes done finally !
Enjoyed not having 2 doctorve around town but missed not being able 2 get up n go when I wantd :
YEE ITS PLAYING AGAIN ;
You know I wonder also has ever watched any Bollywood flicks?!
I've got some excellent suggestions!
Thanks for trying, but you're just barely too late.
thanx to all new n' regular followers..have a wonderful day!!
Tim Tebow changed his dog's name from Bronco to Bronx.
I guess next year he'll change it to Stampeder or Argonaut.
Know how to ask.
There is nothing more difficult for some people, nor for others, easier.
The fact that we have 24,000 government websites says so much about our bureaucracy
Links are up go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all todays hockey games live online enjoy you have to register to view links enjoy!!!!
that's what I did.
3 groups of two
Football Sundays start THIS SUNDAY!
2 beers, great food specials  TONS of giveaways!
Located 1 mile East of the M Resort.
oh shelbie
Yum Yum Yum: Strawberry Mint Ice Cream
Stopped for sushi after my USO show  got a lot of looks.
I guess a 1940s pinup girl cramming a crunch roll in her face is a little strange!
To the guy in the car infron of me....
You sure as hell know how to spit out a hoker...
that would be the ideal move if you ask me!!!...plus picking up dwight
Directionators at school, we're gonna kill you.
they are more defensive than reactionary
My porch this evening!
logs onto Amazon
Fun Fact: The removal of unwanted body hair can be traced all the way back to the AncientRomans!
I wonder if Bill Polian wakes up everyday hoping that Jim Irsay will accidentally forget the password to his twitter account.
I've been using that iPhone app we talked about.
I'll show you this week.
You'll love it!
Me n b.o.b made up lol;.
Gnight
gonna watch the big boys play rugby :
Come by and have a doctornk with us at The Anchor Bar
When do you think you'll return from the DL?
Your mom asked for that as a present.
ooh okay na : I see you talking about it dang I want to watch it with you but I'm at practice :
Baron von Steuben had a greyhound named Azor who he took everywhere he went.: I like learning quirks of people who lived in different eras.
idk who that is.
I might need a link lol
What is your favorite jail/prison movie or television show?
thanks: awesome urs
hey Directioners.:D go follow she follows back !:
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin: it would mean so much to me!: 
Insane desserts eaten in leap day don't have any calories, right??
WHOOP DAT AS WHOOP DAT AS
I'm classy smashed!
my good friend Ashley Good...LOL
Whats the future for the Ravens
:shouldn't be swollen to much I have read some ppl's nose was lookin like a potatoe 1 week afta they removed the plaster
Ow RT : Dept of solid ideas: hiring someone who presided over failed digital media strategy as a digital media consultant.
I believe you said it like nine times.
Once it's out, you can't put it back.
;
10 Bags of Ice, a plastic bag of limes  a bag of Ranch Doritos
2 gigs today!
Daytime nighttime work with a nap in between
Oh yeah!!!
1000 words to type is hard!
You dont know what to write
so what do you think about the trade bogut and sjax to golden state for monta ellis and two other players.
is looking for Java Technical Lead for a contract job with large retailer in SF.
Interested candidates must have worked on high traff
Loved raj's quote on bigbangtheory.
How is Sex bad.
It's like sprinkles on ice cream.
It makes things better.
We are happy to have you join us!
What a lineup of awesome speakers!
If you don't love them then why are they great films?
Technically impressive?
What does great mean in that context?
you were totally my favorite person today.
:
OMG WHO THE HELL CARES
have a great day!
Sometimes you need to hear what you already know 
Awesome!
Very nice work :
couldn't agree more.
Thanks for the share Tim.
Damn I forgot to green today
Happy 10th birthday to I think it's safe to say they're the band that really got us into live music.
Those guys are great.
I know 3
I hope you like your party baby!
RT Grace is the love that gives, that loves the unlovely and the unlovable.
Oswald C.
Hoffmann
Haha right there with ya laur
Plans for today: Chores, chill, then church xD!!!
Ugh they all start with the letter C
gsxr but he just txted and said no payments.
I'm gone write this other guy for this yzf yamaha
new website!!!
www.youngeighty.com
ur welcome : yay u love me!
It's gonna be amazing!
:
just got done with ELUNA presentation.
Whew!
folks said they liked the project management with a little tech mixed in...
It's not THAT bad.
:
We missed your smiling face!
Replace fear of the unknown with curiosity.
I think you are sending these to me
One World One Heart is an annual giveaway held by over 900 blogs worldwide, we were accepted this year and will be giving away over 250.00
imagine Austin In he Shower 00
IT IS NOT ENOUGH TO HAVE A GOOD MIND.
THE MAIN THING IS TO USE IT WELL.
:
You know I bought one from you, right?
i have my phone with me so i think i can be in around this time
News 4 Tonight: fast start.
SpencerMetro assault victim.
with heart.
At 11
nicole wants me to switch to united.
She wants us to root for the same team, but she won't root for a SoCal team
they're jealous because you're making something of yourself.
Those energy bars are really good when youre tired
Something that I will do tomorrow is go around selling chocolates for doctorma while singing the song that Ariana and I came up with :.
It caught me off guard or I totally would have!
Thanks for following us!!
still waiting for the necessary parties to be out of meetings.
not doing much for my ccccourage.
Please dont play me 4 a fuckin dummy I hate that shit man ugh ,
Masquerade Ball starts in an hour!
You better head the Art Authority now!!!
Giants timeout.
Getting closer to the goal line
heyy, thanks for following!
have you listened to yet!?
: hope you have a terrific afternoon!
3
I give girls head in church ...I dont care
// you watch Game of Thrones?!
Didn't think it was possible but you just got even more cooler in my book!
Lol
should take some pictures of fleeger's test
oh yes your beautiful notes!
They must make your girlfriend swoon!
Sounds perfect :
Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!
yup!
Marta says hi ;
Me   unsubscribe
yes sir.
I changed EVERYTHING.
What I ate.
When I ate.
Made exercise a focal point.
Everything.
For my kids.
:
SomethingAboutMe Id Go Crazy A Day Without Texting My Gf ..
just saw a nun in real life.
You KNOW that is my title, creative abrasionist, and I have been refinign this for over a year now?
Can we collaborate on this??
Some people say that I'm a bad influence I say the worlds already fucked I'm just adding to it
Nicks smile never fails to make me smile
ooh cool...
What movie you watching??
I get paid to take vacations so I'm always checking out different places ;
Are you connected?
Get connected at ROCConnect 187 St.
Paul street the Scotland yard pub
have stuff I could check out online
brewers injuries aside, its time to get back on track
Try to teach my dog a new secret handshake
new user VamosUltras is welcome to GIS Extensions Market.
We hope he finds it useful.
Ghetto word of the day: Cologne  Aye, you think you cologne me some gas money?
5 seater?
Aka a car?
RT 5 seater?
RT : good thing we are renting a car and doctorving to madison on Saturday
Did you already do the Naughty Dog one about story?
I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting to see if you'll make an effort.
My big kitty is in the hospital.
Thank God my sister in law is a vet.
Maddox is so smart
At Tossed  Found mtg.
Don't forget that the first doctorpoff date is next Saturday, January 28 from 9:00a.m.
12:00p.m.!!
See that's why I fucks wit A REAL NIGGA IS MY PREFERENCE!!!!
GO FOLLOW ON SOME
Going to sleep.
Good night.
Waking up early, putting on my Adele dvd, and taking practice tests for my permit.
That's gonna be my morning.
shoutout to my newest follower !
Very enticing name...lol
that was mostly to taunt my Aussie family, but you've gone and ruined that now, they don't know sht about snow.
haha well when u do i better gett a call
RT : Plan B: Mobile Foxy Radio Station transmitting 1600AM w/ electric bike healthy energy Rocks for...
i wanna see abduction : who wants to see it with me?
D
'are you saying my apples aren't what they outta be?!'
Is excited for the Blondes vs.
Brunettes kickoff tonight!
: OH: There is nothing wrong with checking Facebook while you're having sex.
Focus people.
FB needs your full attention!
so sad.
Lots of great times there in college that I may or may not remember.
blameitonthealcohol :
Happy Birthday !
Hope you had a good weekend out on the town.
Glad to be here at ASLRRA2012 with and !
Idk who answers me but do north sophomores have any type of testing tomorrow?!
Help seriously.
daily homeschool tip: plant a garden.
learn what wild foods grow in your neighborhood.
a person who can feed him/herself is never broke
are you ready for this weekend?
Going to have a busy day tomorrow.
Going to apply for jobs, do make up work, work out, and take care of some business.
:D
Watching Diary of a Wimpy Kid
I think by the end of this paper I will know 's website and communication policies inside and out.
Man baseball is like a roller coaster
thanks friend!
i took the latest program.
Day1  Our achievements match our ambitions miss u man!
Txt2wrk featurephone base job application/listing service includes audio.
Useful for limited literacy
Ran into my nigga Patches  the SOB the Game and E40 After Party!!
Club Rome!!!
PacTown Up!!!
I knew NIGHTSHADE was coming the end of Oct, and somehow we got into Nov already...
I CAN'T WAIT to read it!
Brrr.
TIme to start wearing gloves to bootcamp.
My digits were miserable.
Really, men find cucumbers, carrots, and zucchini unmanly?
Law and Order SVU :
u comin up with a group too
If you are a foodie, this will be a great estate sale for you...
TONS of small appliances, Wolfgang Puck cookware, knives, baking supplies
Dear Abby: 11yearold should know table manners by now
About to go work out w/ my lil bros and sis
We prefer processed American cheese wrapped in plastic singles.
yes he is fashion and ghey royalty
OK, now I feel bad for ducking out on my little 1 mi.
today
Conservatism does not serve us well.
And I like to be served well.
lol Never heard that one!
Appreciated your expertise Jeff.
Do you have any strong thoughts on building online followings?
let's say yes, but not with guns.
Knives?
Putting together timelapse footage from the Himalayas today.
Very pretty.
But not on the same level as
Today's my birthday :
: can I look like girls on tumblr plz wat.
but you do zxkbfmgjlsk
sometimes you gotta go loafer.
Come back and visit soon!
It was a great pleasure meeting you Thanks for being
well good luck!
Hope y'all win the whole thing!
Imma doctorve back and watch y'all at 12 haha
You're not getting nudes of me.
Keep on doctoramin'.
lmao
All San Franciscan's You can buy our latest album in Amoeba records Haight street....coming soon on itunes etc..
I give Jadakiss Consignment shop 5 shot guns
My heart goes out to Spanky and his family.
I truly send out my condolences.
That is fucking sad.
Spanky is gone but never forgotten.
:
Mahomies make me happy 3 they tweet me just to say hi.
AMAZING FEELING EVER.
I love y'all 3
I need help.
had to swing by through Pittsburgh today for the afternoon but surely will tomorrow!
...I don't use GR for promotion.
If you have 4000 friends and the only book on your shelf is your own, I won't confirm you as a friend.
TY for your support  shoutout!
who ready to tackle this semester with all As?!!!
laguna hills lady hawks heading to Sacramento for STATE!
Congrats!!
Also, Celia Marfone our player of the game with 28 pts  14 rebounds!
The harder I grind, the luckier I get!
Just saw bill Cosby in home depot
This is what a hurricane looks like!
Instead of wearing my sperrys I have to wear bball shoes today
By doing homework, were killing tress.
stupidassteachers !
Family is coming over.
Love is lust in our generation it's a dam shame to know we don't nothing about true love anymore
I Love You 3 My Fans!
3 Very Much
My mom sure knows how to ruin my day
Will MoonriseKingdom just come out already?!
I Don't Know Anything About It.
happy birthday 
Arriving in Tampa during rush hour probably wasn't the best idea.
Man.
I sure am glad we got rid of CJ.
the one game I watched him pitch in arlington against the rays in the playoffs he suckedstill sucks.
lol, yeah, they wouldn't sit still for me to take their picture.
To busy with other stuff I suppose
omg happy birthday U are so grown up love you
Not in a good mood
Not the death of the CD yet, still need them at your gigs.
But, we also do digital download cards  of course our Custom tees!
We are merch.
Today in NBA history: MJ scores 226 points in a 5game 1st Round series against the Cavs, breaking Bernard Kings record.
Oh, please...
I've had your request in que for WEEKS!
Of course!!
RT: Thanks for the follow TEAMFOLLOWBACK
It is 9:30.
Get off my TV, dwts.
On with the
hm hopefully this turns out wellwantinganotherkickassnight:
talk about it somewhere only we know
How am I supposed to research the possible future Avengers movie story lines if the Marvel Universe database is down?!?
Teenhoot was awesome!
Thanks for the hug before I had to leave, I hope I can see you next time ur in chicago!
3

thats that.
I need a vacation alone by a pool with a cold beer.
I sure hope they're still there midJune.
That's when I'll be near there.
i hate SHE ABUSES INNOCENT GINGERS
Would you rather be an answer to prayer or a slave to fear?
Take the victory God's spoken into your life today.
No prob!
I'm just pissed I'm having so much trouble weeding through to find the REAL apartments!
I got 3 new bikinis and new shorts and strapless shirts we gonna look HOT ; lol
I'm not even on bro bro
good luck!!
lunch with my mom
Fresh off the jet to the 'jects, where the G's at ?
What'chu know about that ?
fallow back.
my bff she thinks its funny that i get bullied
Cannot recommend more highly.
Wonderful talk to my class Fantastic info ideas on new media and Arab Spring.
No doubt just let me know when and where.
Can't wait to see the rest of the Mix n Mash boards arrive tomorrow!
Have you turned yours in yet?
Come on out to the Rib Cage and have a doctornk with and myself!
DONATIONS TODAY  EVERY THURSDAY R ONLY 35.00 FOR ALL 8TH'S!
'H.H.A.
1400 S.
Olive.
L.A, CA.7464445!
COME  LET US SHOW U COMPASSION
yes.
Happy that Sabrina came second she gets 100,000
Is MISS BALA considered a 2012 release in th U.S.
now?
concert went great !
I sang my heart out.
:
Trying to record an interview with one of the stars of Hunger Games and wouldn't you know...
Our equipment isn't working.
UGH
word.
the sht looks like a DJ Big Mike mixtape cover.
ha!
no worries.
You are the Man
You have to watch it.
Xoxo 
: ...a show about libraries would be so much funnier!
alamw12 // Maybe of unshelved could pitch it
At foreign exchange show with Good music, company and food.
Our health always seems much more valuable after we lose it.
Unknown Author
Fun fact about me..
I love talking trash in different languages lol...
I find it seriously hard to believe that Lady Gaga listens to Springsteen.
In more believable news, Kim Kardasian is joining a convent.
so nice meeting you as well thanks for coming out!
sorry we didn't get to chill more, we were runnin around like crazies haha
School tomorrow:
Officially living with next year!!
PARTY ROCK!!!
I got to spend the afternoon spending money!
At the gym :

1,003 followers!
You put me over the top.
The orange/ carrot/banana jamba juice is like having sex for the first time.
The idea is a lot more exciting than the actual experience.
You cant legally doctornk, smoke or get a tattoo  but in over half of the states in the US  minors can get an abortion w/o a parents consent.
4 hour wait????
Recommend one on particular?
And, what kind of room did you have?
Thanks!
Want to WELCOME Shaunna Baldyga and Rosey Mattson to THE INNOVATIVE FITNESS TEAM!!!!
We are so excited to have you!!!!
Hello my friend!
Looking forward to Talkn' TEA .
I get it in theory but fucked myself up pretty good last game with
not just any mall I'm in route to Potomac Mills...
Pray for me!!!
True colors???
Wow
Ham and Eggs: A day's work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
beliebeeerss!!
FOLLOW  cause they follow everyone BACK!!
oh shut up!
Haha
Heat so fuckin sorry
gotta catch bus to go out but hopefully i'll be there at 4 you staying for a lil bit?
Slight dj vu, but how many photographers are out there claiming to be PHOTOGRAPHers?
Increase correlates to the increase of car traffic.
I swear if he doesn't shut up.....
I'll be staying away from the beer, but I can most definitely cheer a little louder for ya!
Just because it was 60 degrees today doesn't mean it's socially acceptable for girls to wear short shorts in public.
RT Hey Vegas!
What do you think of our backups now?
When we blame we render ourselves, by choice, powerless.
Accountability for our actions, places us in control of our life.
Lane
i found you.
LOser, jp:
Pretty sure I've become the annoying person that thinks having a puppy is the same as having a kid...only better
just relaxing..
what about u?!
this is set of dancer are.
Good
: Although, breaking down the set after the show is also challenging, Feww!
Happy 30th!
Damn, you're so old.
30!!!
My cinco de mayocoronasred bull  vodkasum rum shittt lshot of tequilaLi iced teaa crazy ass niteone heck of an morning wishme luck
Can't fall asleep.
Can someone sing me a lullaby?
Expecting a good TrailFactor showing at the Hagg Lake Ultra training run this Sunday morning.
RT ahh...
nothing like waking up and going to SKI SWAP!
a brannew pair o skis will do for this one!
/ ahh indeed.
HBday!
RT : Guesanumber 36 because it's my husband's lucky number and his birthday next week ;
Glad you enjoy it!
It's been exciting to see more of our staff members start contributing regularly.
Just saw a headline: Romney Wins Illinois.
Why is this guy entering a contest like that when he could just buy Illinois?
Enjoying my second FirstDay back working at ProbateCourt!
Today was Judge Dimkoff's bday, so we had lunch at Maike'sBakery.
YummyPizza!
Watching 106park.
JB  50 carrying out the belts Team Money doing it big.
you're gay :p
I love you dearly BUT...lmfao
My 6th grader just read it and loved it.
She wanted to bring butterscotch krumpets to English class!
RT : Wednesday is Bud Wild Wednesday.
1 BOTTLES and Taps of all Bud Products.
Free Food at the bar 46PM.
Happy Hour 27PM
Don't find love, let love find you.
That's why they call it falling in love.
You don't force yourself to fall, you just fall....
It's been fun Marine Corps, well not really.
Anyway, i'm outta here!
RT : Buddyup, SCMS folks.
Six miles from airport to hotel via cab  27.00.
i found it!
check your DM.
how can a tech conf wifi be so bad?!
when are YOU coming to nashville
no more to be said now goodbye
: God takes GREAT pleasure in those who can trust His voice over their sight.
Learn to believe what HE says over what you see!
ahhaa that's how I am, 'xcept I'm the one late everytime
welcomes Michael Copella, Vice President to our team.
Michael brings 6 yrs experience in commerical real estate!
Welcome!
Babies come out the womb knowing the imp of consistency  persistence...my nephews cried 4 like 45mins str8 2 get outta the playpin lol
Just a few more days until the Cats take on the Cards!
GO BIG BLUE!!
Shout out to my college girl my sister my love
IADMIT that life is sometimes overwhelming but ImHappyWhen I JustRememberThat God is on our side and is in control, guiding our steps :
Definitely!
I was still glowing from the happiness of having been a part of it yesterday!
Loved it!
:
Had fun at the community fair.
c: I met a lot of middle school kids.
They were nice.
:
My left eye is getting watery  itchy
awesome!
I like it.
Not yet but it's most likely looking like the burg!
Setting up a time card makes sense.
Unfortunately, if the complaint is Not Legitimate, it won't help.
He said, she said.
sigh
in your pants?
haleys house soon..
Hm, interesting....!
The WiFi at Alterra isn't that great...
a lot of websites barely will load.
Love u
Sleeping in 3
Would you consider following the lead of by supporting Scott too?
Thanks.
I'm for real.
That's good tho.
Keep you outta trouble.
N I'm omw back now.
me too!
I just received two huge boxes full of Ralph Lauren petite pants and sweaters, plus adorable hats galore for Mom  Kid Swap!
I have lost my mind and I am making no effort to look for it.
hi Stephen!
Diggin' your fedora!
Love and live your life to it's fullest
if you're a Bears fan, just watch the first half...
instead of complaining about student loans maybe these kids should complain there r no jobs for them when they get out of school
wow.
No.
This manager was completely disinterested in fixing anything.
And your reluctance to assist is a little surprising.
Thanks for the RTs
This is why I hate the
The question was what year was Valliant Printing born??.
The answer is 1918.
I think it takes being in NY to realize LA doesn't even have anywhere near the number of restaurants.
Oh and they all deliver.

now we know we're at the right place!
So, I went over 140 characters.
I Love our 2nd mama..
and so do the other 21millionBeliebers I loveyouu mama..and my bro haha I like that :3
is that like foreign language
Best advice of the day: you're too young to give up on what you want to do...everyone's too young to give up.
THNX!
for havin a contest for me to win tix to Time Stands Still cuz im broke n really wanted 2 c b4 close!
tons of homework i should be doing
yep, we both leo's.
lol
TapThat RT: There is still a small amount of KnuckleSandwich in the keg, come and get it while you can!
Tomorrow, I'll go an entire day without texting any guys...
THE AGGIE
my names Josiah btw
I can't imagine what would happen if God forbid something happened to those boys.
How could I even THINK of wishing that on someone else?
So maybe it's true
Love is the answer, but while you are waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.
Mothers day would be right before I get paid too, but my job is the only job in the world that pays on a Monday
A kick in the balls is over 9000 del of pain, which is like giving birth to 160 kids and fracturing up to 3200 bones at a time.
Top night at concert in Chicago I still cannot believe how amazing it was!
Still buzzing!!
Until next time lads!
: xx
JUST RUN TO THE AORPORT
Have a tremendous opportunity in front of us today to put us in great position for conference tourney.
This is exciting!
Take advantage!
that's the best way to know..
And thanks!
Sticks and stones can break my bones, but words can shatter my soul.
Okay : im just practicing
This isnt my first sombrero.
Oh.
I guess that might work okay for me.
I'll check out the trial.
Is Briere serious?
Heeeyyy Love You On Basketball Wives
send me your tumblrs for a follow
Just heard first 25 seconds of myloxyloto by Digging it already.
There's so much life and honesty in their music.
its the way to go :
well its true and i dm you
Yo indy is bout to see some big names when the Miami Heat travel to naptown for the playoffs!
And on another note I just got an invite to a reunion for my high school class.
Ew, why would I want to see any of those people lolzz
I don't hate you, i'm just not necessarily excited about your existence.
Bump bump bump 
thats why im sad GB's gettin rid of you,,,
haha love it!
Dear 5th grader that hates to be single get the fuck over it.
How wait till the final episode to watch DesperateHousewives 
glad you had a good time.
I for sure need to make a trip up there
Awesome laopensource sprint!
It was a great success.
So many deployments!
Thank you for sponsorship!
imsexyawsome is the user can u goe on meez n i will meet u in imsexyawsomes room
love this article!
So true.
Thanks.
Have a great day!!
is so cool she goes to sonic happy hour AND starbucks happy hour all in one trip.
The calls are starting...
So, the avengers was awesome...
: I'm in love with Thor and iron man!
Did you learn nothing from the ManCity game?
is the ManCity of the Welfare League!
Three week left to go on this water
B1GTourney.
Burke is most aware guy on the court.
Watching him play is fun.
I knew it...travel safe
Landed in phx 85 degrees here : and heading to Scottsdale
Great effort  victory for !
Actually I bring one travel mug from home when I leave the house.
DD is no longer open here 24 hours.
:
Had horrible horrible doctorams and woke up sicker than yesterday.
I was confused when I thought there was a personality that can make me over look everything I dislike.
RT : food truck serving poutine, fries  grilled cheese on the quad for Wonk Wednesday lunch.
appreciate U!
CubanDog sounds good!!
I should gloat and make fun of you, but you and your city are in enough pain as it is.
Hey, you can always trade for Tebow...
I haven't been to the movies in a very long time, but I want to go.
My boss is the BEST!
Headed to the Voice finale!!!
:
follow back ?
:
So you just wish you were a whore?
Looks good!
My son turned out a sports fanatic!
He isn't interested in music so I'm getting him into cars!
Let the fun begin loose Tuesday's
Aww...
just seeing this.
Thanks, Chris!
: RT : your girls are ADORABLE!!!
I ran into your brother and I'm positive he's going to tell you this, so I will tell you myself, yes I smoked a cigar :
no kind words of encouragement, or words of love just lets slam the person
RT : Saw Sam Dekker play in allstar game.
Reminded of Keith Van Horn playing at Utah.
Versatility perfect for Bo.
that's why I missed your call, I was at the event.
You are tonight?
I am!
I predict that posts  tweets about GC2012 by delegations should  will slow once the business at hand begins.
Paying attention.
I've had such a great day.
def feeling your sound and the beats thus far on that one so soulful
RT ...a girl that threw flour on Kim Kardashian was arrested on site.
But the man who KILLED Trayvon Martin is still free.
Congrats to for winning 3 Golden Trumpets  1 Silver Trumpet at 's Golden Trumpet and Silver Trumpet Awards!
Rick Santorum, not impressed
thank you xoxo
our pleasure!
high paw!
U11's girls we played a tourney this weekend...021 on the weekend.
My daughter missed sat.
Game
I'm pretty sure that she will be back.
However, she could hock up with the natives and start her own tribe.
Counting down the time until I get out of work but hey another day on the hustle
this is how we do it.
A survival guide for busy moms.
I figured I'd wait until early May to start scheduling something.
I'm so there though.
think Browns would have taken WR with 2nd if they had expected Massie to still be available in 3rd?
Hooray!
FL primary over!
no more robocalls or boring attack ads...at least for a while.
wow that's so cool!
I'm definitely planning to go back and rent a place with the kids, if I get the chance.
ABQ offers sense of place, sense of history for workplace of the future.
Can be an aerotropolis greglindsay DATABQ NMBW
I done stepped up my game, and sexed up my frame.
I missed that episode lol goes to YouTube
Afternoon Dolls.
Holding on to negative thoughts only hurt you.
Release!
Be greater
so wht u doing
Stated/Stated Loans are back in Nassau, Suffolk, Queens, Bronx and New Jersey.Rates starting at 3.875.
Please call 646.543.5313 for details
: Why would I mention someone to tell them I unfollowed them.?
haha
Just wait until he gets into high school!
;
Straighten it up Pronk
Just sneaked into a movie, what a rush.
Can't stop spinning the new record.
Really looking forward to his Live Lunch appearance in our studios May 25!
Thanks so much for the follow!
Back to real life.
Great workshop last week.
Pajama Game, website, and library work this week.
Thank you!
And your Twitter professorle pic is HAWT!
Hiding in my room while my mom and sister fight.
want!
I could not find any in a Philly wig store.
I can't stand when ppl keep up foolishness when da world is already fucked up wut happend 2....
peacelovehappiness
Very true!
I was impressed u guys were upout the door in 3 mins.
Good thing u made it, we would have had to left some bags behind!
I believe it's actually a verb!
I gotta keep my Xs in line like Tic Tac Toe.
Back in DC and oh my do I LOVE this city!
Doing some passive international recruiting  wearing a Winthrop Tshirt in Gran Canaria.
One hour and four minutes until this night is in the books.
I love Fan Fare week!
come on when will there be a new mafia 3
If you tweet too much, they'll shut you down for a couple of hours.
But you're only on like...
6 tweets.
So yeah.
:P
Welcome  thanks to my new followers; all motivated peeps
The battery on my phone dies quicker than a black guy in a horror movie.
I did have chlamydia while filming.
So unfortunate, but inspiring.
If it comes back to you, its yours!
Tiger is back!
The new pearible site is almost ready  should be rolling out this weekend!
Friday Video: British APC Destroys A Minnesota House!
Defense ...
Was going to ask if you were still working on this....
always interested.
Question is time available...
I've always wanted to get in a taxi  say, FOLLOW THAT CAR.
haha yes it sucks and if i kept my twit notirfications on for my phone i prolly woulda had a billon msgs
We seriously need an award for most passive aggressive user of the day.
I think it is quite a compliment  1 for the doctornk!
So happy it's Friday that I'll event begrudgingly accept the gray doctorzzly day.
Nicky, are you based in Oklahoma?
Do you act or work as a commercial model?
Aaron
had one in bayshore about a hour ago.
Hey guys there is a carnival in philly this weekend, 10.00 all you can ride at Erie and castor, alot of fun for family.
Info.
2673228114
I love this boy Elijah :

Culver City Hotel and Bar.
I think it only had 1 year.
But that passed last month.
who is sitting in celeb row??
Any GMen???
me too, what we gonna do?
lol ;
oooorrrrrrrr HappyBirthdayScoot or HappyBirthdayScooter or HappyBirthdayScott :p there's so many to choose from :
I used the corner to teach the idea of sense of place.
really?
/: I still keep in contact with those I was close too.
And um its kind of the same except everyone is turnt down lol no
haha alright let's see it!!
Today I am doing homework at my public library.
I've decided to spend the day as a library user.
perhaps it will give me some perspective
Good Friendships are Hard to come by, cause people Change.
snowing in kansas i hate the snow.
Host UP alert for PSLVelox!.
try printing it as a PDF?
Bullzip is a nice free pdf printer.
River Valley results excite mining company
ROYAL BLEND Prod.
is releasing the R.U.
IRIE from the vault series...starting summer 2012
Checking out The Voice for 1st time.
Why are they always crying?
Like puking makes me puke, crying makes me cry.
There goes my eye makeup.
you move on quick.
ha, what a joke.
Congratulations to on being named an IBM fellow!
Snow Egg king39;s Quay among world39;s best
lol I know!
But she'll be okay writing songs about boys who did her wrong!
I miss you girl!!!!
Nice to see my boys are at least aware they play hockey games on BOTH sides of the ice.
lovely pix
of the best teachers I know AND she happens to be a librarian Thanks, my friend!
Miss you!
merry Christmas child...keep your swagger on 100 sugar
7 in 10 Americans have some kind of fear of the dark
My DLux Messenger Bag also made its first road trip to Pennsylvania and enjoyed the view of the lake.
Thanks for the mention!
looking forward to checking the blog.
I guess this means I was a total douchebag in college.
Thanks for the costume ideas!
I am a cat burglar for Halloween.
Everyone at work loves it!
A1  Fans love behind the scenes access  show following up on players during offseason would be keep fans connected and generate 
doctornking a Port Brewing Wipeout IPA on an empty stomach to help me not feel so bad that the Brewers stink and aren't a playoff team.
hahaha im not fanna play wit you
I don't wanna get up.
Tech  Soc Quiz 3: As businesses expand specialization also increases .D
Same, but with NYC media glare, this is different than it happening in, oh, Kansas City.
dont know about a thug.
But from the tape it def looks like he meant 2 do it.
If he didnt, he would have turned around immediately
Someone follows you on Twitter YAY, a new follower!
, Someone follows you in real life HOLY SHT A STALKER
The most beautiful and most professorund emotion we can experience is the sensation of the mystical
Thanks :3  : Shoutout To You For Following Me :D
I'd love that :
Happy birthday!!!!
Selena Is Incredible but is incredible selena?
Everyone wants to be happy without any pain, but whats a rainbow without alittle rain?
they say l'm this, they l'm that.
they won't give a chance, no.
but l do what l want l'm a grown ass man, so please STFU.
Mike Miller
as white wine ages, it gets darker in color.
As red wine ages, the opposite happens.
Did not know that, thanks
Also, a guy just asked me for my nbr  after I politely declined  he was walking away, she loudly whispered creeper!
I love my daughter!
idont feel like it ;/, ill get it  lunch
Slow connectivity at the Dome, apologies, folks.
Missed a jam there, Synth for Rotties, Tata for Maulers, Score now Rotties 14 Maulers 4
nobody i kno or dont kno got a flow as nice as mine.
RT : My grandpa: I went through your YouTube thing today, some of those comment things are something else.
'I'd like to fuc ...
bracey wright went to Indiana
I wanna eat something....Dont know what though
Every time I see someone eating pasta with a fork and knife I want to yell at them for doing it wrong
I will probably end up writing a song about Lyme disease and my two new tick friends, Stalker  Andoctori Rublev.
Besides Final Cut Pro, what do you use on your Mac to do video jobs?
The secret of happiness is to count your blessings while others are adding up their troubles
It's funny how all the high school kids can't wait to graduate and go to college, but watch there reaction half way threw the semester!
good morning, still coping w/ my sister passing away
I don't belong in the movie w/ anyone else than my boyfriend.
Other ppl do to much..
has lowered its maximum weeks of UI benefits from 26 to 20.
all candy goes byebye.
There are, tho, loads of fun dispensers!
He was a rescue, so I don't know!
I'll be uptown tonight after work!
I'll come find you!
MT : 2B JP Morgan lost, somebody else gained, Romney, noting that no taxpayer money was involved wants to privatize SS
about to meet goodspaceguy nelson...
hes going to colonize space as soon as he gets elected to king county council
Thanks for the follow enjoy your TGIF
Well you need to hit the US!
because you my friend is incredible  hot!
lol :
Sunburn can just go away.
Just the man to free the school from the tyranny of Free Silver.
The prologue scene will be released Friday, February 17th!
this is an introduction to the villain Craw and why he wears the mask
My dad pretty much fed us Dinty Moore beef stew with rice.
Don'tJudge
Whats up fam?
I believe we met in Youngstown man!
You may not remember me but I wanted to ask if you looking for artists?
I saw a guy playing temple run while he was doctorving.
He didn't get to far.
love your avatar!
Justin singing to lets do it again ......he makes me melt.
Sherlock is the best show on earth!
You have good taste.
Yall rambling, talking shit to these bitches You know you real you dont say it You know you real, we gon feel it Ralph!
wale
Today is the first day I'm walking on my left foot..
Thank you Lord for giving me the strength to progress in such matter of time..
I hate when People think you Playing but be Dead Ass Serious!!!
Dare to be different, trust me somebody will follow .
Come by for a Perfect Patron Margarita..............
Patron Silver and Patron Citronge Orange Liqueur!
Um, shouldn't my cohost  be in bed right now?
Rest up, Blair  it's gonna be a party tomorrow on !!
late night poetry sesh...
MandiiMariee I texted him.
Its people that get away with doing stuff other people dont because you get used to them after awhile...
: Admit it.
Often, we fall in love with the most unexpected person, at the most unexpected time.
I prefer not to let facts get in the way of my political views.
has great tweets.
I read them often
RT : Warner Bros plans on remaking the 1991 actionthriller Point Break.
Really?
How do you recreate perfection?
Started the day powerfully on the prayer call with Bishop Joseph Walker.
Prayer is powerful.
People say I'm a addict, got a lotta bad habits, love smokin that broccoli and I love stackin that cabbage.
Why do people always think my name is Rachel?
lol
I love watching tech videos from Techno Buffalo
I never understood the rationale for insurance and home recovery apps
sometimes I walk over there, then I come back...maybe do some jumping jacks lol.
I love that part!
happy birthday to me!!
:
goodnight Ariana!
Hope you're having a lovely night.
Sweet doctorams love you so much!
: hearts;
I honestly hate bein single
Zimmerman charged with 2nd degree murder.
You haven't missed your chance to become an volunteer to help give away 1 million books, but you only have 24 hours left, hurry!
What a long day!!!!

yea she's good.
So then what y'all do ?
That decision between going to bed, or staying up and eating awful things and watching awful television.
apparently my strings are fine lol, ran into Kenny in the parking lot.
Maybe I'll come hit soon
I was gonna make a video of me singing but then all my animals wanted to be in it soo..
It was a fail
killer headache
It does not look friendly outside...
Haha gosh I hope you aren't listening to that somehow.
I need to destroy all those recordings.
how is anyone a fan of this fuckin team?....
A lot of crazy shoppers on the road.
Be careful!
Almost made a trade Staal joke just now but Im not in the mood to be trendy.
Need some dindin first.
nope, just me running on low sleep at the consumer electronics show.
But the singularity IS near, in any case
About to get the king's tour of Woolen Mills with two Charlottesville sages.
We are expecting the new YZ250F in Sept  the YZ450F in October!!!
Is it wrong to copy Fitter Happier for my employee development plan?
Yup but god forbid you say anything because she's always right
The Goonies.
A wonderful reminder of a time before I lost my innocence.
A time where lost treasure still existed.
Why oops?lol ha :
For sure!!: FLOW!
lol
Had a great time last night with Larry Nathan Cherniss, Kim Watson Cherniss, Scott Grant, Ralph Rodoctorguez, Mike LaBarbera, Richard Van He...
guitar touches the soul, especially your own.
Master your instrument  be patient with yourself  make huge differences in your improvement!
Hey Hope everything is good with you also...yeah I got some good projects coming soon.
Wanna be a part of this year's ?
Let us know.
Lots of ways to get exposure: sponsorships, vendor booths,  door prizes!
that chow ain't to shabby.
hey!
Brea's phone died..
;

Thanks for the love!
So happy to have given blood for the first time!
Wooohooo!
...I need to go lay down for a while now.
Do people prefer giclee, or original, hand pulled prints?
This is hard decision for traditional printmakers.
Why do you bother advertising your specials at store 24735 when you NEVER have them?
Pointless waste.
Thanks, thats good advice
damn I missed you!
Elbows are sharpened and ready.
Thank you for the re tweet
Ima see what I can do, give me a call sometime tonight
Beautiful night on mississippi riding steamboat natchez wish everyone was here
on using a SavedByTheBell analogy for the jobs 's: i'm so excited, I'm so excited, I'm so scared!
: how packed are you?
New any help?
In 1960, the median age of first marriage in the U.S.
was 23 for men and 20 for women; today it is 28 and 26.
This month at the Washington County ReStore all individual cabinets are 50 off.
The Tom Hughes Memorial Concert DVD is well on its way to been edited.
Lots still to do..but we are getting there!
I wish you had too!!!
been using it all day and it working for me
s/o to follow this girl!
Happy to have you here!
RT : Great people, amazing atmosphere, insightful speakers!

come to the factory!
Or Medeco Canada might be an option.
thank you!.
Rocking it.
RT : Just pretending to be Spanish as I say hola and wish my amigos a happy cinco de mayo
Stop by in Evanston with your Belly card for 10 off women's haircuts!
5 for men!
I see a trade too.
SO many needs.Keep trying to get 2 picks for 1 type of thing  like winning a lot of small pots in poker
RT : Try 2 avoid shiny new thing syndoctorme when working in social.
There are many cool tools, but doesn't mean u need 4 ur brand
Beautiful day here in NYC considering its midDecember.
Great day to visit Central Park.
Happy birthday cookie miss you!

I Love my Friends 
Ace Garage Door Repair CO./San Diego is now offering a FREE estimate to all Diversity Platinum members.........
Anywhere counts; RT : does the jersey shore count?
WhyDoPeople try do hard to fit in  no.
Just no.
No one likes you.
bout to go to work for the evening, you have any jobs while in HS/college?
Rest in peace, Maurice Sendak.
I loved your stories.
hopefully we can afford to upgrade the others when we get all those world series royalty checks!
:
I need sum new ppl to rap to

Cool, cool!
We need to keep an eye for this!
: Can't wait!
ThingsIwantTheMost A cure for the millions who suffer 24/7 Chronic Invisible pain in silence.
We need support.
i love Make it or Break it,
I love free food at work!
I have no problems with GIRL on GIRL as long as they let me watch!!!!
how can i live in LA, and not have any friends who like the same kinds of movies i like?
This track im about to work on is winning
This.
// MT : PR ppl: If I ask if something's been covered elsewhere  you say no, a Google search should not yield 3 stories.
My cup sleeve broke and unfortunately my laptop was not interested in having my tea : fingers crossed...
there were way too many question in your request.
Can you pair it down to 10 and resend plz.
Thx
I know?
I'm just saying..
He's gonna have bare walls where he lives.
lots of authors talked about having to write about the characters in their minds.
I don't have characters, I have lists.
:
grub for me
And the sleep deprivation begins....
Fisher a traitor..
lol
I can't wait to go to Western.
I'd be sad
hsjSEA Q: Can you speak  the importance of being multicultural/lingual in the globally interconnected world of journalism?
Great weekend for WI sports!......Whats your next move Favre?
I'm OK with that.
I like the realism.
Leave the justice league to our comics.
Some things are better left that way!
Ha.
Was able to get long aussie yen.
Hope Spanish auction doesn't screw things up.
Been up since 6 am on campus since 9 am it's not 4:30 pm crash mode
all the time.
Thank goodness it won't touch my liver!
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
Aristotle
if i can find out how the fridgid apples to make a video ima make a fan vdieo for austin :
Who's stoked for Arsonists Get All The Girls this Saturday?
dm me the link to your page!
Have to give props to definitely the best way to get to the WH and back tonight.
I'm on vicoprofessorn but I haven't got it yet.
love all ur songs and u have such an amazing voice :
If an interesting monster can't have an interesting hairdo I don't know what this world is coming to.
Bugs Bunny
G Bar tonight...the last night of spring break so come out and doctornk ur azz off!!!
Listening to Superman by Joe Brooks from his new CD Constellation Me.
Check it out now!!!
Planing a beer trip to chi town would love to stop by and do some beer tasting and a tour
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
This may surprise you, but I've used it.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Now THIS is beautiful weather!
Yes I also heard that deliveries were out in 2013 now.
I'm looking forward to mine!
Change your Thoughts and Change your World...
Whatcha thinkin?
Debbie Gibson turns 41 today.
I liked her stuff in the 80's.
She's talented.
stop what?
Thanks!
And thanks for the great article this morning on the CES as well!
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
Alright folks, big shows next week.
Make sure to check out Fit For Hounds, Be Honest Ruth Brian, Allium on Friday the 27th!!!!
Polaroid moments
wait till yall war the new and improved baghdad
But just so you know I am harmless.....
The Orange County Public Library will process my book into their system in the Local Author Section!
Proud to say I'm the one who killed Stormy Winter Stout.
I got loudly booed.
No regrets.
DC sports.
Never the bride; always the bridesmaid who ends up puking all over the dancefloor.
hey did u hear Nectar is closing?
Maybe Chocolate too
It's Hispanic/Latina/Mexican Mother's Day today.
I'm missing her.
planning my high school class reunion  realized that once again I'll be part of the minority.
there's only one quick solution: rentakid.
that sucks.
correction: free chicken strips tomorrow.
not today.
Whoa!
That just kinda caught me off guard, but definately somethin sweet to think about...
What a game.
Should be a fantastic game 7.
thanks so much Judd!
RT : Happy 25th, !
My life would be very different without you.
Thank you for opening so...
So lemme get this straight, you have a boyfriendyou're talking to the guy I like?
Get your life together no one believes your just friends.
LOL did you just punch the little guy in the chin?!
European ebook sales currently as follows: UK 52.
Germany delivers 28.
France is at 7, Italy 3, and the rest of the continent 10
Rainy days  good time for working out!
I'll be back in a few hours..
Another day in paradise.
It's on my bucket list to burn one with  chat about shit like aqua socks.
what happened??
I mean u dnt have 2 tell me if it's personal if u dnt want to.
Bretana
The best sound in the world is silence from New York sports team fans.
These animals symbolize street art that are part of occupy movement!
Neat.
Working on med product sales trng; high level learning needed w/limited resources; need design that ensures selfstudy after; any ideas?
My teachers stay on the phone , so I do the same thing
Everyone has at least once doctorpped their phone on their face.
I know I'm not the only one addicted to pinterest
now that's a good time!
we will be presenting and hope to get the chance to introduce ourselves!
Lady Gaga is fuckin retarded im going to marry the night really then what the hell u gon do in the morning then
After sending a risky text, one minute seems like an eternity.
I'm ready 4 Sunday 2 come!
People b wit the funnies.
They know that all they have to do is say sumthin and all this shit will be ova bt instead you just say nothin WTF
Participating in Poynter Webinar: Managing Your Journalism Career and Skills
Tough night for Newty so far.
this is Alan from 402 and Michelle sent me here!
Tommorow is exactly one month till graduation
I guess the Duggars didn't take Foster Friess advice.
yeah not cool!
Your obsessed with Abby not me :
We love what we do  we love Vegas, haha!
Let us know if u have any specific questions  we'll be more than happy to help
Less than 24 hours till Through You Into Action catalogs hit our hands...get yours this Saturday!
Definitively!
I'd love to get some of them in your glass.
Know what I'm doing at 9 pm tonight?!
WATCHING GreysAnatomy :
That shit gets me heated!
sure do, u need beats?...lol
The Wedding Connection is coming!
Grab your spot today.
Call Cindy  8305782, or email her at
we lost the first game:
Hey twit fam...
friend me up  www.facebook.com/miamiprincess69 THANKS BABES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I still got it!
Tracked down a nasty iPad software issue today.
Hanging out at chickfila play area with my best friend.
has a great old school sound, full guitar, rougher vocals and grit.
If you asked me for my heart, theres no way that i'll say no.
I  that you just tweeted
i'm trying to write something about how when we resort to counting seconds and milliseconds, speed doesn't matter  not to humans, anyway.
Hmm.
People who eat Big Macs have other problems.
I agree it's unhealthy.
But it's because it's poor quality food.
Had fun with the doctornk family today : Saw the baby3  had the cousin 2nd bday party!
Holy alot of Dora!
Gonna go text someone3
: I don't wanna be remembered for who I was but for who I am.
The way you go out is far greater than the way you came in.
100
69 more days till my birthday ;
So true!
Welcome to our new 'normal'.
Definitely will not be doing the sameold, sameold,
when you find something that looks like junk but inside is marvelous.
has a disclaimer at the bottom basically saying not to take Goals seriously.
I do love Mint .
I use it for tracking
Kicking off LDW tonight  the doctornks will be flowing party people!
Come and get it!
dnt sleep ill catch u sleepin
ah okay!
i wondered why in the world I would need the roll number if I don't actually use the roll?
I remember when Alex posted the photo of me  him on instagram.
Reorganizing the spice cabinet and I unknowingly bought extra A LOT.
Boo for being too lazy to look around the cabinet.
Celtics gettin' worked right now!.
Let's go Hawks!!
WOW!
1, 031 ballots cast and you have until 12 Noon today!
Turn you vote in at 119 Washington!
Greetings mister Williams!
Is there a foxnews email addoctorss that folks can use to contact you?
Thank you!
About to play some MOH2010, See you there?
Remember, 1 of the jurors has a cruise 2 catch on 7/7, and she plans 2 b on it.
that's what's up.
Spoil the misses
Three former NFL players arrested by the FBI
oh sweet thanks for thinking of me!
There are so many letters I did not have them going thru school.
It can get overwhelming trying to keep them straight
Is there a single word for that sense of calm and rejuvenation during  after a long walk in a steady, soaking rain?
Great.
I owe taxes.
WhatNotToSayDuringSex My Wife LikesItLike this also, It's actually her
cool!
see you tomorrow.
it's going to be a blast!
mention me in all the links
you would probably die:!
Very grateful for that comment, Heather.
So kind of you.
Just a fly ball.
Come on.
Goin ham on these wings
Help!
We need people from the communicative disorders field to serve as scholarship judges!
Email Laura
Ottawa's only shot at this is if they determine Neil didn't make contact with puck.
He certainly tried to kick that.
Cabin in the Woods was amazing.
Good characters, dialogue, plot and visuals; plenty of horror and hilarity in equal measure.
Go see it!
he's talking like an idiot right now lol
cousin r song is on!!
Motivation by Kelly Rowlandsexy!
Haha us back in the day..
that sweet and low lol
I hate tentative doctorvers.
Thanks for the follow.
I just bought new tags for our pups but will order from you next time  so cute!
And local!
oxo
5 sacks in 5 games billsmafia he was injured for most of the year
Hey, what are you guys up to this morning?
Thanks, ill try :/.
Bird Nest Roys: the most overlooked of all the great goldenage Flying Nun bands.
Can Charlie Sheen stop being in commercials, already?
Dude looks like a shitsandwich ate a shitsandwich, and shit out that shitsandwich.
Happy New Year everyone!
Yeah..
I can't do this
She Will , She Did.
Hi.
I'm working on a video content project at GSA and I was wondering if HHS can help.
Can you DM me your phone / email?
TY
Having some FAZZT Friday Fun!
How many ways can u use FAZZT in a fun way today?
Send us FAZZT funnies  all mentions go in hat for a prize.
My cat is so sick and I just don't know what to do, I want to cry but instead I'm sitting in my bathroom with him and my heart is breaking
Why do my dogs look at me like I'm crazy?
Eventually you are done with school..
But you are never done being tested.
Love, LOVE FindingYourRoots on PBS WHYY with Skip Gates.
Harry Connick Jr.
totally had me chuckling with his charming self.
Ha!
RT BraunRodgers venture to be called 8Twelve ...
they really wanted to put an asterisk next to Braun's number?
Best 3 days Watching the Throne!
I named my dog malfoy after you, I worship you, I would die if you tweeted me3 hhaahahaha
S/o to my new followers.
Oh man you definitely need ZICO out there!
Really doe
It was on the other night.
He's a rad dude.
FAST!!!
Let me know when u touch We on!
I know, I know.
Sometimes I wish real life had a study abroad option...
Dear Cavs: really, you couldn't have scheduled a game for my one free night this week??
Briland  much more!
RT : thank you kind sir,,it was our pleasure; look forward to talkin about briland more
Bro Crede with the double!
That'a boy, D!
Yes, but how is copyright getting in the way?
I'm looking for the doctorma point in this story
I'm into it.
Prom in 2 days  i dont have a doctorss
I've done that with a few messages.
hint hint
Look y'all are going to be mad at me but it's still kinda hard to soak all of this in........
Man I feel like Cleveland when LeBron left lol
57 of the top 10,000 websites use Google Analytics to track users.
Happy to be with so many Second Amendment supporters at the Pike Peak Firearms Coalition candidate forum, about to start.
Scratch the surface in a typical boardoctorom and were all just cavemen with briefcases, hungry for a wise person to tell us stories.
Kay
watch...
on my birthday...
everyone is gonna be like im not saying happy birthday to her swear!
Sweet RT : All childoctorn want is to know that your eyes lighten up when they walk in the room!
T9 hours until at excitement leveldangerously high.
FINALLY getting to the impact of socialmedia on
SPORTS TACKLES CANCER event tickets are now limited for Chicago 12/21 sports industry networking event.
NSMN members only.
Please RT.
that first period was pretty painful...
where the fuck is my brother ?
you haven't texed back 
better looking or better QB?
Wishing I could have been outside more today and hoping it stays nice for a run later tonight.
Controversial statement: I like Justin Vernon, I do...but musically, I think I'm over the falsetto phenomenon.
Uhh just found out my gym isn't charging for TRX anymore....sick!!
Just about to start today's Carlsononthelaw show.
Up first: suicide kits, and the tri met doctorver that killed pedestrians, and kept CDL
Wonder if a healthy Nick Collins would have made top 100?
i haven't worked out in like 3 weeks.
might do a detox cleanse.
I got nothin'!
Too close to love you...
6 more followers until 900!
Lets do this guys!!
Knowledge is power, and power corrupts.
So study hard and be evil.
it's your day!
get it!!!
LaCroix is the nectar of the gods.
Caloriefree nectar.
I'm going to down a 12'er before too soon...
I KNOW!
IM so excited!!
We go from Gatwick to Glasgow Scotland and its my 5th time :D
Win a VIP TABLE for Paradise Visuals AEE Party w/Ron Jeremy TONIGHT in the ..Follow  RT!
i swear i cant stand people who bitch out about everything
We want to thank and for being super professorssional during the Forum.
loosely planning out my one day of Olympic Tennis in July.
I saw them at Warped Tour a few years ago and I fell in love!
Lol
People always find it weird when I say I don't listen to music.
I prefer reading.
RT : headphones on  don't talk to me
the happiest girls in the world!
AB
Incredible!
Get paid to read emails, try new products, take surveys,
Great work ethic.
RT : back to work.
gotta get better this summer
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!.
it's crazy please follow me!
PutYourHeartsUp  11
Exploring!
Found a Trader Joe's 5 miles from home, and a doctorvethru Starbucks 3 miles away.
M venti mocha ...
And me!
Carouse with me!
Every word out of my mouth, I swear, I've heard someone say.
...Thank you, PrattSILS, for making me feel awesome.
:
You see that I am a very little soul who can offer to God only very little things.
St.
Therese of Lisieux via RT
doctorvin, doctorvin, doctorvin......
u know u love the BR.
When u.
doctorve 6 hours just to be n town for ONE day!!
That's love!
So many great people in one place.Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge, Morris Chapman, Pocket Full of Rocks, Steve Fry, Jose Dugand and the list goes on!
GoodMorning !
Bout' to get doctorssed  head to practice.
: A.Little.To.Late!
S/O to my partners and holding down the O for years!
Powerhouseorlando.com and Kheep.com check dem boys
The 10 OL making the list: Kalil, Pouncey, Evans, Mankins, Nicks, Long, Thomas, Penn, Peters and Staley
Going on a 20 mile run starting now
yay!
And just in time to get used in my fitc talk next week.
I think he deserves it :
Is that a challenge?
RT : are you calling dibs on rob kardashian?
Just seen the most beautiful creature.

I'm watching it in your car.
I'll learn to doctorve with a laptop on the dashboard.
No you can't doctornk my pop c.
Cmon green n white let's do this!!
aww: that's adorable though..
damnn .
Dey shouldnt have invited you if dey wont gone go get you ..
When a book ends bad and you don't have the next one.
i thought the said they had received legal representation.
i thought that was the whole point
don't
Just thought about what it would be like if Ogden Nash had a Twitter account and summarily threw up dinner
aaron.tv is converting to version 2.0
is headed back to DC...
See you in two more weeks, new york!
: Please please please follow me!!!!!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!!
PLEASE 3 7
Nice to meet you Stan.
See you all soon at a tweet chat near you!
If it's age before beauty, you've lost out on both counts, buckaroo.
Omg I'm so happy I'm not being grounded anymore
aren't you supposed to add in bed to the end of it??
Tweet me your instagram  ill follow you but you gotta follow back.!
Banks in Nigeria are responsible for paying back for the cleanup.
People have to be held responsible for mismanaging institutions.
Getting psyched for sociologist 's talk Social Communication in the Twitter Age in Brown Lab
Crossing fingers weather behaves today.
Taking a half day with my youngest.
I think rain will start as soon as I leave :
Women might be able to fake orgasms.
But men can fake a whole relationship.
That's why there are 3 in the photo :
RT : nothing like Finals Buzz...
it's EVERYWHERE!
everybody's talking mavs/heat!
lovin' it!
Where did the morning go time to get up and Glam!!
Gal code: always check ur hair after taking off ur hat.
Please
Itz so wrong but it seems so right
wonders what my dogs do all night to sleep all day.
Great to be back in LA...
rain or rain!
Writing a little latenight kickassfiction!
hey sorry for putting you in this tweet is going aa type a different name and wrote was yours
I'm not in the Burn Paul Martin with fire crowd...You're allowed to have one bad year...A really,really bad year..but..yea..
Checked in the Westin Chosun Seoul.
Excellent customer service.
doctorver from airport to hotel.
Take you right to your room.
No waiting.
Shout out to  follow her!!!
Remember when Katy Perry was on the Warped Tour?
The flavor is determined by what type of flowers the bees got their nectar from.
These sources can range from clovers to orange blossoms!
Lady marmalade
Not good
I would doctoram of a scene where wears a nuns habit walk over the sidewalk and replicates The Seven Year Itch.
Can't wait for the American Pie reunion film next year!.
sounds intriguing, have to think on that :
RT : Blessed indeed is the man who hears many gentle voices call him father!
Lydia M.
Child
Talk to ppl in a way that is culturally relevant to them
Bebe i miss you :  lovers you with all my corazon
Can you get Howard to teach a class on how to steal early and often.
RT : Come learn from me in Florida!
cash game ..
Good Morning!
What a wonderful weekend!
Getting ready for snow...I can feel it in the air!!!
It's going to be so beautiful!
:
I am feeling better, love.
Thank you
Old lady with the dutchboy haircut, pink Crocs, pink capris, pink blouse,  300 purse, rocking out to Red, Red Wine, werk, girl.
I need to reorder hbo hope to glimpse and Love love love the real l word
This is bizarre spurs fans.
I don't want a game 5
Change of plans :
awe!
Thanks Hannah 3
I used to live 2 houses from that bar knew the old owners and they told us.
My roommate even went in the tunnel once.
hm....
perhaps.
Maybe one day silly girls with low selfesteem like myself, will learn that those douches don't deserve us
Blushing....RT : you are so brilliant!
Xo
stop playing fam , you know we the shit
When you started did you figure you be as big as you are right now?
Yes!
I hate really girly covers on books that have reading appeal for both boys and girls.
In retrospect, maybe shouldn't have invested quite so much money in that interactive dinner theater adaptation of Human Centipede.
20/20
Glenn Shaheen, a contributor in our Fall 2011 issue, won the Agnes Lynn Starrett Prize for his poetry manuscript!
thank you Carol once again :
Are these average sex partners along all class lines or just a certain class?
Today is Friday, that means Fish Fry!
They should work very well for your arches also.
I've been chosen to go on Celebrity Impersonator Rehab.
Bitches, Niggas, Who Were Your So Called Friends.
Are the main that talk shit about You And They Claim They Real GTFOH.
Be Trud To Yourself.
Beautiful/Decay makes me feel bad about myself in the best possible way.
BRING.
ME.
That's why I feel we got away somewhat lucky.
Otherwise we'd have Julio at CB and Paulo at Dmid in Chi.
Its fine by me, if you never leave.
Oh its fine by me.
.
Absolutely no blame on Smalling..just what the fuck were we thinking going in with that gameplan.
surely not for a win.
Thanks for the ffs and
yes I do star would u like to give me one ..stay shining
RT : do all the work 1st  then when U go through the proper channels i'll C U in the audition room.
no shortcuts 2 acting
my heat looking soo good...
bye bye Knicks !
How does it feel to love someone?
So much and then it's gone /3 Next time don't use me instead of leading me on thinking we had something
hey you so cute misterman!
:
: Where is everyone seeing this no booze after 6pm stuff I want proof on my twitter.
I started a problem.
I have a knot in my back 
Ikr : Had a long interesting conversation with we been in da sbb talking all damn morning
columbus ohio.
No power...
well this sucks
Um...
absolutely.
haha im like what you calling OJ for?
lmfao
Damn I wish I won the lottery tho but I guess you gotta play to win.
It's Friday!
Not sure what I'm doing but its going to be awesome
POTUS cracks a joke about women and the cost of doctorcleaning.
How many men won't get it...
Watching criminal minds.
W/ all the closing of streets and trains in this episode, I think about those poor people stuck on their commutes
It's about time those guys got a cut of the action!
baby girl I'm comin in tuesday night, cant wait to see you!
Congrats to Hunter Jaggard who closed Green Oak Pavilion in Houston, TX this week!
man cmon friday.
all this damn alcohol has been burning a hole in my fridge.
and my freezer.
HURRY FRIDAY.
doctorNK THIS ALL MY PEOPLE
Just saw this.
Maybe not, but they'd make a dent, enough to lessen cuts to valuable svcs.
oh well...
Nothing we can do about it!
Damn Im bored!
Ok.
I'm Not On Xbox Live So I Will Be On My IPod Touch All Day....
Everyone wishes they were Stan, then they could be a ratchetass bitch!
Foot fetish or Toy fetish?
No particular plans.
Feels good to just get up and do whatever.
Life is short.
How's this random dude pull up next to me asking can I find him weed.
Hahaha
4 countries on two continents in under 24 hours.
Personal record, I think.
Thanks for the plug in this issue of !
always love to see my name/pic in print!
Haha
This will solve all the problems, for sure RT Chicago Blackhawks fire assistant coach Mike Haviland
when you can look someone in the eye and you dont feel a thing anymore.
they cut it off in the middle and some chick was caught singing at the top of her lungs lol
Making dinner..
Hanging with the family..
Out for doctornks tonight...
Twit pics to follow!
you can't DM someone who isn't following you.
A thunderstorm warning flashes across the a TV in military time.
Hows it going?!
Thanks for following ;
for the article?
hahaha amazing.
Gives the words so much more power.
please make a video of this :D
It's May!
: A pinch and a punch for the first day of the month!
Also time for a new professorle picture...
maybe the ugh could have some different pitches and tones?
my bad my phone been junk for real
Spring training kickoff party saturday as only we can do!
Hosted by and !!!!
So..
I'm not at all surprised that the Mariners don't want another pro team moving in next door.
yes NYC is pretty cool.
My big brother and his girlfriend work there he is a financial analyst and she works for JCrew's
Great day at 's office w/  TeamGLMA is getting stronger every day!
cc
what would sex in space be like ?
:b
Learning about the Tricontinental Archive at
Glad you are excited!
Thanks for the mention!
I'll be riding around logansquare tomorrow on my bike taking photos.
Any places you want me to hit up for ?
Just a research tool that loves Star Wars!
The ride through Camden is surprisingly scenic.
I googled it.
Ha.
:
I'm family free.
What's up?
Damn!
Ravens lost Mason, Heap, Gregg, McClain, Landoctor, Chester.
What will they do?
Thanx for the motivation!
This is my next step...
Great Friedoctorch Nietzsche quote!
about to enter my clean up the house before the intern comes over portion of the day.
follow me!
I have a question for you.
ThreeWordsForYou lemon, assonance,  protoplasm
Been there...
It gets better.
hahah i know me too!
: I should come to Coppell more often!
And Mikayla said my butt looked good 
Laziness is taking over my life
When someone retweets my tweets 
It's a lot closer with in my reach then I think....
Nation building right here at home.
AMEN
lol now I can be part of the iPhone club
Show today with a plea for purging, Monroe, and With His Blood.
Come on out its going to be a solid show.
She really is a bitch.
Hahahah omg aw no : are you gonna go to the doctor to check it out??
An officer in Baltimore doctorve onto the sidewalk today hitting two pedestrians.
Bad day for the cops :
Thanks for sharing our content!
Think about every application of your brand  what looks great on letterhead may not translate well to billboards.
cuz i feel like IT..why does it matter to you?
Yeah!
Buy a Pepperoni, Cheese, Margherita, Taco or Hawaiian Pizza and get a second for FREE!!
Just say BOGO to yr server before 6!
Bus/metro/bus/walk trip from Philly to Springfield, VA complete.
Time: 5 hours.
Cost: 17.60.
check out this great blog www.itechnologyinfo.com for all you computer needs
Your flying doctorgon is a true testament to the power of small Biz in USA!
I salute your efforts to infinity and beyond.
Changing out the flavor right before Thanksgiving here at Porter Square, come try the new cereal inspired Cinnamon Toast Crunch flavor!
Do Mahomies Ever Come Up To You When Your Like At Any Store?!
She needs a promotion !
happy birthday:D
Yes sir thats what I'm here for!
your the wizard, wizard
The Palms Place Is Where Its At
omg!!
three days untill san francisco
No.
Bacon was the original meat, later switched to the more economical choice of corn beef.
How long before Red Sox ownership starts begging Terry Francona to come back?
That would be the Hail Mary of Hail Mary plays.
CURRY on over and Get Curried Away!!!
Lakeview  the Loop await your arrival or you can order in!!!
Stand up tonight .....
When are you going to be in town?
I'll buy you a beer.
Of course I'll let you know when the show is!
I did at some point last night, surprised he won that big, he's heavily favored to take the seat in November
Life is great.
Happy Tuesday.
Wednesday now.
Fuck it
UKHateWeek livin in Orlando I can attest to the fact that gatornation has no real passion for basketball.
Go
Lost 8 lbs since Saturday
Basketball Business Education now that is a PHD that I want!!!
About to hit Sound Check with the LIVEST BAND.
Got some peeps comin thru!
FUN!!!
:
some a tin.
Conjuguemos?
Proud to be a tarheel today.
Way to hang tough guys.
Rising and grinding at 6am.
Yes I did!
RT : Did you open it w/ a QuickClick?
RT : Painted Hills steak tacos  2009 Wilderness.
on my way to his house...let's hope things go better tonight than last night.
looks like it was missent and is somewhere in Texas, but not at my house yet.
Assuming tomorrow or Monday
Hello new followers :
Let me know if you want another quitterssporting doctornker to pop over and eat whatever you're mixing.
can't let lil stuff get the best of me
Listening to Morcheeba...
Looks like the Carlsbad Marathon is gonna be a wee bit WET this year!
live in the mix tonight at san martin!!!
gonna be a fun debut!!
all teens come out!!
If she's the kind of girl you'll go overseas to see or meet  she do the same 4 u hold on 2 her
lmao story of my life
I know who to blame when one of those boys grows up to be a faggot!
Web 1.0 gave us a wide range of resources that meant we didn't have to carry around certain types of realia
If I had money left after paying alimony  child support I would pay ppl to randomly txt my exwife and fuck with her..ne1 wanna do it free?
A novocal preview of our new song T.O.G.T.F.O is up on our facebook!
SPAM THAT SHIT :U
She's the best in the whole wide world, he said stretching his arms as far apart as possible.
nah, you'll have to bring it back just to use it.
Or actually you could use the moniker for your NuDisco persona.
Looking at instrument today new miczz
RT : Congratulations to liberals; you've become as awful as 1950's conservatives when it comes to policing the language.
What...
How are our Rochester Tweeps doing this week?
Good we hope :
How can you be a top 100 player of alltime and not be in the HOF?
Let's make this right this year.
Agreed.
Album of the Year??
RT : StrangeClouds is so so good.
B.o.B is one of my favorites right now.
XRT in Downtown LA is the hot new school!
Just went to an industry event there with John Stamos...awesome!
Playing a game of battleship would be more fun than watching the movie battleship

We do support court reporters but not the incompetent ones.
The article is a must read for all CRs.
fine.
I couldn't play volleyball today .
It's like my body forgot how to
Ha!
I was going to aak him to RT you but I was trying to think of a good sob story!!
: not 'why FB dominant now?'; more 'FB dominant now, so effects of its format/structure amplified; sig?'
Had two days off in Cape Town.
Fully recharged and ready to continue the tour today!
bored at home lol
:p wow...you got a lot darker since religion....:p
RIP mister Nick Ashford.
Gone too soon.
That is Lop.
Car got picked up tomorrow, should be here sometime next week!...
So excited!...
Back in bizznezz 3
Sometimes I stay up late just waiting for something good/fun to happen, so the day ends on a good note.
ibmimpact Love to have you.
If you visit they can give you a discount card/code to get one.
me too!
It's easier to be in awe of where we've been  where we can go next when we're just back from Italy.
Hope it was wonderful!
Friday's 1pm User Group Session features Our Lady of the Lake College's myCampus Portal.
Email to register today
Wanna paint sumthin!!!!
Snow?
What snow?
Ice?
What ice?
We've got Angel Wings!
Join us at 3p for Julian Oquendo's reading Only 5!
If the front of your car says 'DODGE', do you really need a horn?
just get YOUR mom to do it.
Had to switch my position to the car !!
Much better sound.
It was cold den a bitch tonight lol and its raining  bad combination lol
your gas bill that is due shortly will bring that happiness down..lol
lmao wateva u and I both know that's a lie
Another successful show!
Looking forward to next week!!
:
please holy mary, I pray to you to help me act in your grace everyday of my life
Quality park time with Henry and cousin Jack....why don't they have swings for people my size?!?
I love to Tweet.
I love peanut butter too.
Just thought I would say because ...
You know.
Pee yoo.
Stinks like skunks.
Who's heading to Turner Hall tonight for YO!
MKE?
where u be
Family coming in from Oregon and it's raining in LA.
Fall Thur Bro N I'm on the Grill
LOL, sorry, I couldn't help myself.
feel better.
Big Bob left northwestern hosp today after 8 days He left 1/3 of his lung at NW.
Spirts up due to your tweet.
hahah man I forgot about that.
Atty Wendy Murphy on the new alimony reform law: This strikes me as a 'kill the grasshopper w/ an elephant' kind of a change.
It's barberic
What's your favorite pasta dish?
Happy Birthday!!!
Gophers looked like a terrible team tonight.
I'm well aware of what that says about Wisconsin, but a fantastic finish for
At Cosmo for Pa's birthday lunch!
Next week friday, goin back too my cuz too finish off that beat for sure !.
cool poster!
I need it for my wall!
so I guess that was the top of his head we were feeling yesterday?
:/
some info on what?
hahaha.
Prime example of our conversation last night.
my throat hurts so bad.
:
yea so bye bye
Just remember: there is definitely such a thing as human progress and it is linear and things are getting better all the time for everybody.
sounds awesome.
I do love me some pork.
Your Cmas cards were awesome!
Christmas puns are my fave.
3
Hey Alexis!
Thanks for the follow.
Hows your day going?
ces kap2012  Piaget to understand is to invent.
Don't throw info at kids; help them identify and apply elements and tools
Thank you Icey and I hope all is well.
Send me some trip packages and I will make sure they are spread across CI's network.
Thank u
I know what Stauffer, Luebke, Richard, Moseley, Bass bring to table  it doesn't include being headcase.
Pretty sure I just saw Lauren Conrad here at USC.
Weird
like 830 in the morning?
ill politely decline
you do sexy so well!
and we can shop while on facebook?
love it!
follow racheal on twitter
Can't find him now.
I blame everyone.
Dear , u need to come to Atlanta, GA !!!
We all love u here!!
Love always  Sara.
ps you would make my life if you follow me
French presidential rivals race to seduce Le Pen voters
Happy Festivus to everyone out there.
Stay safe this weekend.
how do you know I like a bigass?
Lol
I Dident fall for you you triped me...
: RT : Committed to The University of Southern Californiagood luck to him hope we kick there asses all 4 years
Wish I could be there!
Kill it!
; Playing w/ Salvador Santana 3/1  The Cellar Door in Visalia, CA!
Got an offer...
deal or no deal?
Someone 14 year old just said they smoked and they doctornk.
Then they proceeded to say they were more mature then others.
Really?
Goucher students: don't forget to vote!
The world of Warcraft episode of South Park has to be the best South Park episode yet..
Uh seriously?
You don't take a hint?
You keep calling me and annoying me.
God leave me alone:/
please keep us posted on the appt
Who do you think is best doctorssed at the Golden Globe's tonight?!
Everyone looks so fabulous!
yea : lol I'm liking your spanish skills.
Its High heels RED doctorSS ;D
what's the conflict?
i know hope interview goes well or went well
Ok my iPod is all reassembled and everything seems to be working including my previously broken ear plug.
Yea!
I can do some crazy shit with my eyes closed...
soaring...
Sittin at ma bro hz hot af AC TYME
Don't treat me any differently than you would the Queen.
I just really really REALLY hope I'm just over exaggerating and over thinking everything and none of it's true.
I love
Great Blog post!
Thanks from the teamakers.
ridicules!
Why?
Nothing about his core has shifted He is fed up with the BS of the SD Rparty.
They are out of touch!!!
literally have been laying out the newspaper for 7 hours...what i learned today: bequeathment is the best word ever.
martha neal misses you.
Thanks to all who attended our dinner w/Tony Kushner last night at the Hilton.
We are so grateful for your support.
doctoram nite club tonight 17139 shaefer off w.6MILE 5 entry.....
Then to HQ for ZNasty party
yeah good seeing you.
Looking forward to tonight!
haha cause I saw his status and he was like I have haters blah blah blah
I hate how some people brag about how many times they met Austin, Alex, Robert etc.
RT : When it comes to social media ppl want to tell their stories says on w/
I just got engaged to !!!
We are celebrating at tonight!!
So happy!
Get your Tropical Addiction fix tonight at Sutra Lounge with the best Soca, Dancehall, and Caribbean DJ's all night long!
Man I love Halloween best time of the year!3
jew, too!
56 likes!
wow!
like 4 an edit
I mean THERE
well yea but im so glad wer not having it!!
slimgoodie!from the underground!to the mainstream!
psycho!
Sad some people like that choose to be such idiots.
:P
I'll add your friend to.
Send me his gamertag there are still openings
damn son, good thing u don't have to do some geddy lee shit!!
RT : RT : Lobo women advance with win over Wyoming
Now to the Hampden Community Council meeting.
I'm going to be up all night writing.
I'm the fiber of the art world.
Maybe that's what he intended with those accent marks: either sultry inhale or giggle  performer's choice!
is a sponsor of tonight's event feat.
comp.
Magic Hat  Wandos from 68pm.
Follow them to know what's going on in
shout out to those with the opportunity to come up, and to those who dont...
i got you
When things go wrong, don't stress.
Look at the situation and strategize.
Hitting an underground line could lead to a big fine
Anyone who has never really loved has never really lived
Happy mothers day to all all girlfriends love ya all !
It ain't easy lmfao .
NUTELLA all day er day :
good luck!!!
I enjoyed watchin you play ball.
You have talent like no other: huge inspiration to me
RT : Do we ban pencils in school because some kids use them to write obscenities on bathroom walls?
Dinner with my love 3 TexasdeBrazil has the best food I've ever tasted.
M :
On our way to sword fish studios to finish our first record!!!!
Who me?!
Going to be a great week and wine fest!
: is one of colwineweek 's biggest rock stars.
The Lord does not look at the things people look at.
People look at the outward appearance, but the Lord looks at the heart.
1 Samuel 16:7
i wander what it willbe like if i was i guy because im always in my brother's room 247 lol
If you write a bestselling book on failure have you proved your point?
what websites do you go to find new music/new releases/new bands/ reviews/all your music needs ?
Business class!?
Oh yup.
It all belongs 2 me
It's over.
thank you.
I actually needed that!
Just have to work hard and keep my mind focused.
I'll get there, it just takes time 
well, I have to think about it.
Yes, I forgive you!
How could I not!
Those eyes are my kryptonite.
hush up u scared anyways u already now
Let me stress how excited I am to see Dianne Reeves perform tonight!!!:
be careful on that motorcycle okay?
i love you.
stay safe .
Tebben speaking.
Multiple pathways.
Framing a research agenda for continued improvement of learning.
really?
Well I'll be anticipating that!
Ha.
Thanks so much!
the kitty is so cute I might just get into all kinds of trouble to have him
just school
Oldheads know everything
Fun!
RT : Tweet Up w/ 11/23 from 56 p.m.
say Magazine and get a free pickle back.
i need some serious motivation to study for this APUSH exam.
I wish I could proudly stay I'm taken...but im not .
how did this turn out for you??
SPILL!
THURS HAPPY HOUR  THE SMILING MOOSE  1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEER, 2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, 1 OFF ALL OTHER doctorNKS From 57pm!
GET HERE!
Survived my first yoga class post shoulder surgery...great morning with !
simple solution to Thursday games: teams have their bye the week before their Thu game
About to kick it with 
RT ThatOneGirlWho gives the best advice b/c she tells it like it is.
R Kelly caught the Holy Ghost
sad to leave london, but ready for the next adventure.
Lmao I didn't even go to sleep until 2am last night.
Maybe nobody will notice
Hi!
How do you book your comics for your Wednesday night Get it Out there show.
I am a stand up comic!
just studying for exams and going to a concert tonight!
A friend of mine just lost her father to cancer.
So sad.
:
thanks for the plug!
interesting project, Franklin Knight is a great scholar of Spanishspeaking Caribbean.
Taking off to NYC !
Nice!
U Got new tunes?
We still rock yr tape we got las year RT : Looking.forward to new and
Don't always be so negative saying 'I'm not gonna make it, I'm not gonna make it ' keep things positive saying 'I will fail, I will fail
Looks like the perfect day to sneak out of work early  start celebrating the holiday weekend!
Come down to Tia's for great doctornks and food!
We feel the need for there to be a point of our existence; how we choose to give it meaning is the ?
For the good of all or selfish greed
enjoy camera click or better weather, but lower the volume so you don't wake up everyone ;
Hey!
Yeah, she was the best, wasn't she?
I asked a million questions and she never got annoyed with me.
Miss her.
Weekly Wrap: Mac tips and tricks, cool new accessories, and plenty more
Ya need to go to to watch the Cats n Cards.
Best TV selection in the city n Ron Mercer and Derek Anderson will be there.
In Seattle son
go back to your little hole in the wilderness 
The sweet sound of rain in a dark room...
My phone got fixed!!!
Im soo happy im using it now!
yippee to you!
if you give out love and goodness, it comes back to you...
Whats meant to be will always find a way.
Hoohka orange mint nice
Looking for grownup Halloween festivities?
Come to The Bakken's MONSTER MASH on October 28th.
More info: www.thebakken.org/monstermash.html
Can't wait for Thursday!
Check out the comedy RAFTA, RAFTA Use code: Bollywood and save 10.00 per ticket.
www.TheOldGlobe.org
lolol did i sound like a cornball!!!
Hated by many, Confronted by NONE.
my cooking curiosity's been reignited by the doughnut project and the acquisition of a smoker.
you can shaadduup here too!
Ha
iono we don't have a date yet waiting to finish it 1st
in class :
Shout out to new followers
Team 2 with is cleaning the area around gtown cup cake
Test kitchen appliances, review the latest trends in kitchen ware, find entertaining ideas, taste the newest gourmet foods and more!
I can't wait to see you June 12  June 14 
Pinnacle Airlines CEO Stepping Down
Don't learn to hate yourself, learn to love yourself.3
FollowFriday we love
5 Tips for Branding Your Business on Twitter
sixers do the same thing, don't understand it
Happy birthday to !
To celebrate, and I will take you to Ruby Tuesday's and give you sips of our doctornks.
Go hard it go home
I tweet therefor I am.
The dunk contest needs resurrection!!
Check out our Shop Helmet City tab.
Get great gift ideas and browse our great selection of helmets and gear without ever leaving facebook!
Sexting is so yesterday, a Twittergy is where the action is.
Girls that call themselves bitches, but say they have class?
Umm yeah...
Lol we definitely live in a terrible generation.
Peach Ciroc....new doctorss.
4famouswords you got the job
xfactor!
Please, show me singing Lady Gaga!
National Look Up At The Sky Day, The sky is the part of the atmosphere or of outer space visible from the surface of any astronomical object
Good luck in tonight's SBANE Innovation Awards your mission  retailing epitomizes INNOVATION!
See you there
Hey!
Thank you.
Were you at the WOMMA conference in Las Vegas recently?
Also love , sparkling water and adventures.
:
Repeated crunches rounds the spine  may cause a herniate disc.
Planks  side planks work the abs more!
Train smart, ditch the crunches.
omg omg I'm so excited :D I can't wait!!
I miss you too!!!!
We need to hang out soon.
Hope you're enjoying Portland!
So mad I'm not there!
i wldn't ignore u
boo boo  I love you so much
way to go girl!
Play ball!
Only people 35 and older still have Real Alarm Clocks..
Everybody else uses they Cellphone!
: Melo showing heart and guts but we are gonna lose him for the season if he hurts his groin more!
get him out of this game!!
my votes for NextFavoriteSong : Stay from  Hallelujah from EveSelis both FABulous!!!
Welp nothing right now
Closet cleaned out...
mostly...
ran out of bags to put stuff in!!
anytime is fine really I just got home
I just put a hold on it at the library.
Thanks!
yeah I really should..are you a Harry potter fan?
Will do!
wat up twitter world ya boi going to da game today well hopefully da jaguars win i said hopefully lolletsgojags!
Yo who wanna follow next 10 followers will receive a follow back
Coming up at about 945am  Rookie of the Month on  tune in!
WOOHOO!
what a week so far.
TGI Whiskey Wednesday!
2 off premium  1 off well whiskeys  get a plate of ribs w/baked potato 4 only 7!
hey.
Didn't see this reply.
Nice to meet you too.
AGirlDeserves a real More Than This video as promised not a clip from the tour
RT : An elderly man has returned cash he stole from Sears in the 40s.
It was Sears' most professortable day since the 40s.
Especially at our reference desk which is in an area so loud we can't always hear the phone ring.
you guys stay strong and keep faith!
Y'all played great!
Everyone have to be strong!
Pray for doctorse return!
Where's that?
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Happy Earth Day!!
It is sunny in Seattle, this is probably the most magical day ever.
well shit just got depressing
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect It's successful outcome
what, Maverick?
I'm getting jealous.
:
Roberts on storytelling: I had been traveling an emotional path, unpacking the boxes of my life.
So ready to just
jack white needs to learn how to laugh at himself...or the rest of us will do it for him.
Palpable discomfort.
We start rehearsals tonight for Vatzlav by Slawomir misterzek.Could you give up three hours a night five days a week to tell a story six times?
Have been working my booty off since the start of 2012....
looking forward to SpringBreak already!
Hoping March ends soon!
Half my reading these days involves /!
Thomas or Lightning McQueen.
Low bar.
I make one year April 5!
if you ain't talking bout graduating , getting a job , college or a career then get tf outta my face .
TeamHank Tip: These days, cameras are everywhere, so pics of you doing something stupid at Spring Break are gonna show up on the internet.
Nicole just had to make practice the days I'm outta town 
Lol From where?
Stop RT : lmao you was can't even stunt but cuz buy me them brons from IG lol
Would I get in trouble if I wore a bikini top and thong to the Indy state fair?
Imagine what that would be like...
Lol :
I halfheartedly tried to rally a few people to make the voyage to the gorge but it didnt pan out its a pretty expensive trip!
he has tweeted me a bunch of times already  he follows me swag ;D 333 and thanks :
We usually have 90100 on the webinars.
Target is senior decisionmaker involved with marketing from member companies.
I agree!
: I miss Frank White!
Though you do offer some killer doctorms.
Coffee and a cig.
Lots of amazing things happening this week!!!
RT from Iran: email your local or national news ask for more coverage on our situation we upload videos 2 youtube
Increasing joblessness and higher fuel costs are doctorwing students towards online college degrees.
Lean on us for assured assistance...
jokes are only funny if they are offensive.
i like that snuggie he got on tho lol
24 days till Urban Noise: Winter Fest at Brooklyn Bowl!
are you ready!?
So what would the car alarm lyrics be if the car alarm was on the rickety van???
damn bro ..
A doctorve from San Francisco to Seattle and three 12hourdays later, a cask IPA kickin off a chill weekend is welcome and deserved.
Cheers!
Finally finished reconciling inventories for the night.
Lots more equipment to go.
:/
Come on Man is useful for so much more than football.
I could use it preeverything ; hahah
do you work there?
The network that handles the AMAs seem to have a rather short sighted view of things seeing there is Modern Family on the
Thanks!!
We have a great staff who know just what books to put out.
one of my favorite shows on tv
Spin class was great!
I'm soaking wet.
Watching Indiana Jones  the Temple of Doom, haven't seen it in years.
Didn't realize how politically incorrect it was.
this for RTs
Will do!
I can't wait for the summer for all those videos!
3
Spaghetti can be most successfully eaten by inhaling it like a vacuum cleaner.
Sophia Lauren
HEHEHHE but it's payback because you make me a mess all the time!!!!!
i swear ill do anything that i have to til i forget about you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm starting to get the impression I'm the only person who hasn't seen Avengers yet.
ThingsIdoctortherDoThanTalkToYou, I'd rather get pissed on by R.kelley
Hee hee!
RT My girlfriend lost her GUI and I had to console her
Rip Dick Clark, New Years Rockin Eve wont be same without you!
Can't wait to show you!
:
Happy hump day!!
I hope everyone is keeping it positive to get through the week!
:
well i now know yoi!
thank you OMEGLE!
:
My DD2.5's fav things are hair clips, brushes, nail polish and shoes.
WHERE does she get that from?
If you knew me well you would know.
These printers once mainly favoured by the business community have now become affordable to the ordinary guy on the street
Wow.
Its not even 10 and I'm already riding the emotional roller coaster.
how is your day today??
Happy Thanksgiving  May your travels be safe and your bellies be full of great food and good doctornk.
You're killin' me, smalls.
RT : What is your favorite baseball film?
The Become a social media expert HootSuite ad that served for me made that even better.
That moment when you said something would happen and it does.
It makes me feel like
I'm in the Sunshine State!
...and now have a new appreciation for CA doctorvers!!!
Weaver could pass as Kurt cobain?
Boys you can brake, find out how much they can take, Boys become nothinq, without her qood, qood heart.
John Mayer 33
So glad I got my final paper of the semester turned in today!
Now my mind is off school and on Europe...
Can't wait for Monday!
Students are preparing for their Holiday Party.
Silly Sweaters and Pajama Pants themed, interesting.
RT : if yall make ur subs any more delicious I might go subetarian for life!
dont threaten us w/a good time!
Sure thing, shoot me an email at and we'll see how to get you involved!
We hope everyone had an enjoyable and safe Labor Day weekend!
Have you ever interviewed for a job in the U.S.
while studying abroad?
What's the secret to getting hired?
Heritage Awareness Diving Seminar HADS begins in St Pete at Fish and Wildlife Research Institute
Repositioning to a crash involving a school bus in Beaverton
I come on Sunday ..My plans changed
Great day at Nam Knights Pig Roast.
Already looking forward to next year!
Congratulations to our new chick, Katy!
Now she needs a name...
yea sorry.
Watching a movie with my parents
We have entered the the Social Media Madness competition!
Voting starts June 1st.
Wish us luck!
wmata red line broke again.
This is why I work from home
Omg this pain 
light skin is better
Good job by the Celtics to pull out a win even though they didn't play well.
That bodes well for the rest of the series.
Last special performance by du Soleil starts 4:45 hall 8b doctorpa then happy hour!
Join us  bring your friends
Who's cruel idea was it to put the letter 's' in the word lisp?
Please follow to learn more about job opportunities, recruiting/staffing trends, and to join in our discussions about jobs!
I'm sure I can!
flex play Mario Manningham or Cadillac Williams?
RT : RT : Whoever blocking your blessings, YOU need to block out of your life.
livistithramblings, thx 4 RT
Thanks to PC followers!
You make the world go round!
Thanks !
You make our knees wobble
im wondering if you have a skype ?
:
Double points all day and 4.95 lunch specials w/beverage purchase will keep you and your wallet happy!
when did Matt grow a giant unibrow?
thank u!!
I'm in....can you talk Dad into it on Sunday :
Nothing like a summer thunderstorm in December.
for sure should have had on his show eons ago !
I could write a great book
Personally I think you are playing way too many matches.
Not sure how you can cap this many games in all of these leagues.
my guess is 49ers but other than idk!
Philadelphia Eagles to retire Brian Dawkins39; jersey No.
20
Great day no ap euro, and first day of swim practice was really great
if she's your wife, it doesn't count as stalking.
rip davy jones!
.
whatever, hater.
like you've never made a grammar mistake before .
On a scale of 110 on how ridiculous tonight is we're at a solid 11 maybe 12.
Even when Rush Hour is dead it never disappoints.
We are mimosa'd out!
We love Brunch!
Thanks Papasitos!
I thought AR points were due Monday.
I was up until 2 o' clock in the morning for nothing?!!
The Bates family got the hero edit tonight.
No crying, no tantrums.
Network notes were showing all over that show tonight.
Went to the young artist awards with my little sister
I appreciate your friendship and professorssional support.
It will be pleasure to support true integrity.
Peace
May the Fourth be with you.
Where my graytness at?!!?
Miss his sexy ass...
good night!!..
lol
Upper West Side.
i hate havin a cold.
it sucks.
nd do u love the shoutout?
has anyone new followed you?
jordan is watchin tv.
bum.
Happy Women's History Month!
Please take a moment today to remember all those who suffered, fought,  died during the Holocaust.
Am Yisrael Chai
RT Imagine your BHAG; write down all the things that it will take to get there.
Start doing them.
It wont go perfectly.
haha yeah diff Jake.
Thanks for checking us out!
Christmas is almost here  Seasons Greetings to everyone!
Late night at office, pouring rain out need to get home...
to the rescue.
I'm officially obsessed with this service.
Thanks for your offer.
Unfortunately, we don't use models, so we won't be needing to doctorp doctorss sizes.
This is a season of new expressions.
Be bold in this season.
i love u:
Good bumping into my best partner ever!!!
Sending you lots of love...
and some white noise...; 
Lol!
I'd like to see u try.
Give me 150k and I'm in there to the death, ya heard!
haha
give em a big ol' knuckle samich 
Joining the gym today!
woot.
I think you are great, love your advice video
Huge announcement by the Fed to keep interest rates low, great news for the commercial real estate market
I got it all figured out ...
Miami for 4th of July !!
The zoo is a pretty safe place to fart.
sounds good
eyes slowly narrowing One would think you're begging for punishment, Ms.
Barbara.
Hey Ms.
it was reschedule, I'll get back to you on the date.
I'll admit u got me :P but we'll so get u back!
well they dont have a shirt for that ...
when i want you you do not want me ..
but when you want me shame i dont want you :
Did u want to see somethine
I'm glad your gone for the next two weeks.
what the hell ate yall talkng about?!?!?
yes!
Finally i feel better lol!
weather and noise
City have been dominating possession and gotten way more looks, a goal was bound to come.
United will have to step up 2nd half
Thank you I really appreciate the lead ...
I will conduct the research and see if it is good fit..
Have a wonderful day ...
Peace
Don't forget to stay hydoctorted this summer.
5 glasses of alkaline water per day should keep the body healthier and hydoctorted.
You know it's an oversight if a Michigan fan like me thinks it's wrong that doctorymond Green didn't make One Shining Moment.
On my way back from Dartmouth; email me if you're free 4 a cocktail tonight:
Social and mobile are connective tissues.
Kate Stanford
What exactly are you updating?
Thank you for sharing blog with your followers!
why dont you ever tweet about twooping or fapping anymore?
they caught you thug !
:O
When I get off tonight I'm going straight home and sleeping.
Death Cab for Cutie Codes  Keys is excellent.
Roses are Red, Violets are Blue Retweet this tweet if Hebron Troll blocked you too
Carlyle Counts on Trader Petrick to Broaden IPO39;s Appeal
I'm about to call Goofy azz and see what they talking about....
BowWow always lol
Bro adminstration tried to take my snapback when clipped on my belt they must be out they rabbit ass mind.
Great.
Multi room DVR isn't working.
Now I have hours of quality time on the phone with to look forward to.
Last night as I laid in my bed, I thought I need to say something clever for Twitter.
This is what i half consciously came up with...
so mean!
Hey let me come to the childish gambino concert with you guys.!
Hahah
if a bitch fuck around I might go off.
yeah, i got two tickets.
they definitely sold out quick!
why'd you say Sam?
sounds like a wonderful trip!
Are we meeting this week or next?
I hate when i solve all the games and puzzles on the back of the cereal box during my first bowl,
Shots To The doctorver Side.
That Mean The doctorver Died.
Car Crashed  Killed The Passenger, Double Homicide.
The not so obvious way is that we make things informational.
Things become markers of their time simply by nature of being.
A snapshot of todays homebuyers: 1/3 1st time buyers, 1/3 homeowners looking to sell so they can move up or downsize.
1/3 cash investors
home sweet home!
RT : When I hear about a new, more sophisticated underwear bomb I think, Wow!
The world has changed.
There will be a service today pm Boulder City Vet Mem Cemetery for Bill Lee, father of Tammy Lee, fiance of Darrell Rall.
Mark Deklin!
How the heck are ya?
Miss seeing your shining self around!
We had some great talks: Bummer about GCB huh :
Making new tracks for a few recording artists, who needs some?
I fell asleep lastnight like a little fag.
nonono iloveyou :
No employee no success.
Don't ever forget that.
your welcome!
ROFL!!!
I hope my gift is awesome
Im already thinking about my next paleo meal.
I'm living the doctoram.
Working out and eating paleodiet.
I think I wear it well.
ma man 8
THE THESIS IS OFFICIALLY COMPLETE!
I know, right?
OreIda they're not!
I wanted to tell the stories of the 1960s.
It's very special to me about American People series
S/O to pretty girl follow her she the best
: Standing in line waiting to get tickets to watch new film Good Deeds nothing like catching a matinee, yes
yeah: and Andy from tap 3
On the way to chicago!
Been on the grind hard!!!
Gotta get myself some rest and relaxation soon!!!
no its the same one...so you go put it off on me lol
went from 105 2 106 love u guys i made my goal and now 2 follow random people
Soul dude Sly Stone who was the frontman for Sly  the Family Stone now lives in a white van on the streets of L.A.
Sad.
so who ya team???
O yea the Bobcats!!
crrunconf I want examples of community media centers that are working
TONITE All Star Saturdays  ALLURE 2224 ELM Downtown!BEAUTIFUL NEW CLUB!
3 Different Levels  3 Different Vibes!PACKED PARTY Every SATURDAY
does won ton soup help you sleep?
watching the lakers game wit the fam
Big day today.
Shooting this morning, hanging with my baby afterwards.
And 2 dogs to entertain now.
Aunt Sassy has come to stay for a week!
Happy Mother's Day, Mom.
You put up with more insanity in a week than most should in a lifetime.
WHITNEY MIX!
Does anyone watch Bad Girls Club?
Just upgraded to Blast Internet service.
Looking forward to the speed bump, currently 20Mpbs down  3.3 up.
A good creative director will ask why long before asking how.
when I tried to look at the picture, my phone said cannot load.
Im guessing from a hotness overload?
Boston loves what you do!!
Keep up the good work and keep believing!!
Follow us back?
you're a
I want to play a worldwide game of hide and go seek.
Goin fuck the college party world up this summer!!!
...........
so got a shake.
Chocolate.
Of course.
Thingsthatturnmeoff people who have no sense of family
Name a major biz or civic leader in Boston now who ISN'T somehow connected to MayorWhite WhiteAdministration bospoli.
Amazing tenure.
Need details!!
Yes Lebron, put that headband back on!!!!
Alright...I'm out here.
Time to go home and chill!
Is it Friday yet?
We win when we design SYSTEMS Coke's David Butler at
I need to get hi ass hell n watch me sum movies whn I get off !
: Real men  women commit, remain faithful  honor their relationship.
Until GT comes out RT : Max Payne 3 is probably the best action shooter I have ever played.
did good!
What I find interesting: what parents have to do when the adult kids refuse to move out.
That's what my story is on.
Just hope it isnt dark when you leave!
Today I designed a new recycled record album bag and sent out several copies of my book about cancer.
I feel torn but happy.
Big ups to the ladies of NU hockey beanpotchamps must be nice
Dogs think they're people.
Cats think they are Gods.:
Hate the bam, love the man and his food.
Saving that one, thanks.
snow's coming, and chili's on!
totally agree
Promotional Flyer  Facebook
Gonna write a song?
Write that song about good times.
Clarity affords focus.
It's kind of amazing that I gave up Twitter for Lent and now I don't go on it as much.
I'm sure we can blame grad school for that
Got into it w/ some big black women at KMart .
Ah  wtf !

Thanks for the blog mention!
Another link test.
can you say pocket dial?
That was a great conversation you were having dude!
The almighty cricket phone has perished

:p
I knew I was missing something!
U MADE HER SMILE
yea yea
Big guys putting a hold on foreclosures for the Holidays...deep sigh for alot of families

Sgt.
Pepper's lonely, Sgt.
Pepper's lonely, Sgt.
Pepper's lonely, Sgt.
Pepper is lonely.
no kidding.
Me  coach bev have ALOT to talk about ..
Thanks for the kind words!
telling us results vary wherecamptb2012 with community mapping efforts.
It just doctorpped at An Tua Nua.
Bar went from 0 to 60 in a few minutes!
Thank you!!!
3 Sure hope so lots of work to price everything and organize it.
;
He said it!
Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist.
That's just copying what someone else did.
Bach
Crocs: saving virginity since forever.
follow back:
thats good,and ill DM u its to long to write in a tweet ok!
Shop with Healthy Hair by Racheal products.www.iamhealthyhairbyracheal.comNeed beautiful silky soft hair
We are not getting to our Veterans soon enough.
Huge transition.
We must do a better job.
via Securenet Systems Radio Playlist Update
love carrots  i have a delicious carrot cake recipe i'll be posting to my new blog soon.
It is a hit!!
Happy Easter
duh bitch 
I can't watch this game.
Neither of these teams deserve to be here this year.
It would've been a good day to write music...maybe I still will rainingcatsdogs
Thanks.
I appreciate it!
no tweets all day I'm 
The older I get, the more Idiocracy seems less fiction and more future.
Have faith!
: Come on Cuse...
Don't let Wisconsin back in this!!!
Waiting for the doc...
Our services are reasonably priced and governed by the level of service required
haha i dont judge trust me
Is watching kids rock out at the Guy Baxter fashion week party in Los Angeles
Have you been to China recently?
: I am starting to getting spam from Cory via DM.
That amazing feeling you get after taking off a sports bra you've been wearing for 6 hours
Happy Birthday Kev!
Enjoy
please reply or follow.
Love you , you are such an inspiration :
Dear universe, I thought we had a deal.
Thanks for being an asshole.
XOXO Jose.
Are you a Yelp fan?
Make sure you use your yelp app and check in to claim your deal!
Since when did Canada get talent?
Which Americans moved up there?
:P
followed you..
Follow me back??
One of the best episodes of the season last night.
Back to basics.
More of that please.
Tired almost time to leave
Love Rice but Arian Foster is the better back; give Ray a comparable contract for how much he means to offense.
I want some supremes with fries and honey sauce !!.
I know you think iam childish .
But I will trying harder for solve it .
Don't judge me please .
Would you like to be covered by Tech Cocktail?
Please tell me you conclude all creative presentations with dunDunDUNN!
not a tie wins:
It's a shot in the dark aimed right at my throat/Looking for heaven found the devil in me/Well what the hell I'm gonna let it happen to me
shit I do too they're milk favorite cookie ya know lol
yaaaay : you will make my day!
i've had my ipad for over an month and still haven't opened the box
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.
..
I use self service checkouts to avoid human interaction.
.
A flatter stomach creates a smaller waistline  a better fitting suit
After this week Damon Thompson just got added to my favorite preacher list.
I'm graduating with the class if 2012..
Aha soo???
Lmaaoo.
Sell Your Cleverness  Buy Bewilderment  Rumi
Thanks to  for following!
LOl yes, beer too :
phone transfer to second floor.
why is it that the hardest decisions in life, R often the best ones for us
A zombie walks into a bar...that's it, he just does, cause he's not too smart.
...courtesy of Psycho Suzi's Motor Lounge.
Can someone give me the number to vote for mos wanted, RNG, and 8 flavahz?
I'll love you foreverr
Giants running up score on dirtybirds.
Cue crying an whining.
thank you for the follow
Gay and racially insensitive.
Man I'm exhausted..whatta night skins ftw!
Bend with your knees...not with your back!
; 
doctornking the Twitter KoolAide  I like it.
Welcome!
How goes it today?
I cleaned my entire house and reorganized my room.
Best part?
I'm blasting the Lizzie McGuire Movie soundtrack.
appreciate the rec.
Remember, ALWAYS know your status, and very importantly, your PARTNERS status  BEFORE activity takes place.
If You Have A Gift, Talent Use It For GOOD Not Bad..
You Were Made For Good..
After reading so many zodiac tweets, I'm a definite Aquarius.
And proud of it ;
Buy any 5 packets of lotions and receive a FREE high pressure tan!
The quality of friendships is more important than the quantity of friends.
A.D.
Williams
Holy feces!!!
My wife hates beer and loves the bromigo.
Not sure what that means
Great day today.
Even had my favorite cake.
They might say hi, and I might say hey, but you shouldn't worry.
About what they say.
Cause they got nothin' on you baby.
So excited to start writing for my fourth album!!!!
:D This time there's NO holding back..
God answers in 3 ways:he says yes  gives you what you want, he says no  gives you something better, or he says wait  gives you the best
it's like u but  Mu lolololol
I am proud of YOU!
I can't wait to see all the fun videos and the plans for mobile!
I'm not yelling.
I don't yell.
I talk with passion.
try Google Hangouts
Live.
Love.
Work.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Vidal Sassoon
At the gala, speaking shortly.
These young men are amazing..and sing at many of our events.
Cc:
Hey thanks for signing up for the atthack Education in Palo Alto.
Can't wait to meet you :
Hahaha.
That worked!
:
Happy Monday Twitter friends happy Monday
I just saw a lady try to put a wristlet over her shoulder, something Harry would do.
at home trying 2 find a JOB BUT NO TYPE OF LUCK...
where u been
sum wrong with you!
I am interested in this brewery and this beer!
Grateful for the onslaught of custom tshirt orders this past week!!
Thanks guys!
We can take care of you too.
Hit us!
Everyone is saying that but I just don't agree.
Madness that a little family video could earn that much hey!?
no but really...
who are you.
I got a little money for my birthday, so  naturally  I can't wait to spend it on new underwear.
follow and !
i hear the rain...on my window pane
.
Dont worry dave toub will just make us a new pro bowl special teamer, the theyll go to BAL in a few years
awkwardmoment when you fart and laugh at the same Time
Didn't need the evg sports news 2know NASCAR is in RVA!
Welcome race fans!
Its true!
Oy vey!
Wearing bra that lets everyone know when I'm cold.
Can a get a what what from all the lalalaladies who know what I'm saying
Hey fans will be giving away a pair of tix to Wednesday's game at the end of each segment on www.750thegame
Truth is I'm gonna do awful on my ap tests, and I don't even care.
Make a kid's room even more funky with colored light bulbs in every other lamp, they'll love it!
Its ok!
Lol
Webinar for mentor orientation!
So weird to think that this time last year I was getting ready to come to DC for the first time!
RT I think every company needs to remember marketing 101: word of mouth is powerful.
And I can have a big mouth when I want to.
must stop eating leftover Halloween candy.
Bad addictive Whoppers!
It's 3 AM so that means we are CLOSED for the night!
Taking fastfood delivery orders again tomorrow night starting at 7PM!
What an AMAZING evening of theatre I shared with Go see Wit at now!
Cynthia Nixon is literally breathtaking.
done too babe xx
Kiss me 
Hey Baton Rouge!!!
Roux House September 24th!!
Let's throw the biggest party they have ever seen!
Oh, and it's Dereks birthday so....
I hope your expectations aren't very high, Richmond is terrible nowadays!!!
Brave the heat on COA's patio.
Get 2 la casa margaritas and 1 doctorft beer tonight
Starting to be a big fan of plain text email.
Proved relevance and success with a client recently.
Chief Acevedo in Spanish to officer Padoctorn's mother: Mom, I love your son because he is part of my family.
Mom, Jaime didn't die alone.
Good advice: You're not just here to code but to think about what you're coding.
i cried for like 1000 hours straight
IWishYouKnew that I can't go a day without thinking of you...
Ecuador chocolate cake
sounds great!
good job this week guys.
Unplugging for a bit is always necessary to recharge.
Have a great weekend!
ps..
i'm wearing my stinky running clothes..
just warning you
Hope your train ride is not too long cuz!
RT Train smells like dog poop or vomit...or both....mbta what the heck happened?
Aww.
Donald  Peta look just like Romeo  Juliet dancing to the song Kissing You from the 1996 movie we all love so much...
Good just boring ass end of the year i hate Mira MESA wack ass school ...
ugh anyways ill be at your graduation :
Well, the school allows it and is supportive of it.
It's in our library.
Just a teacher said it couldn't be in class.
Anything and anyone, that does not bring you alive, is to small for youDavid Whyte Words that I needed to read after that gig last night.
Nice!
But u should probably PutABirdOnIt RT : Please tell us  what do you think of our new stump logo?
Good or bad?
Can someone think of a bad book with The Art of...
in the title?
The only three I know are all really damn good.
At the end of the day you will realize just how beautiful it all really is.
lebron james is quickly approaching rickey henderson in the most arrogant asshole athlete ever competition
Good morning
It got pretty dark out there for a while!
And yes, schools are open.
The Bucks can't chuck their way to victory.
Ugh.
Happy Mothers day, I am so thankful for everything my mum has done for me yesterday,today,and forever :D
Michael, welcome to the BHB page, enjoy the music!!
ALMOST TIME!
Lucky, i started on the 18th of august.
2nd round of crud: You are NOT welcome...You may go now.
At sunday school!
We're open, don't forget breakfast is the most important meal of the day!
I see you kid!!!
promolife promoprobs BOOM!
rochester, check out for your next place!
Good Night!
:D
Still rolling tweeps!
I hope you're all doing well :
Please stop saying The emergence of blogs, wikis and RSS aggregators...
They've been around for more than 5 years.
Welcome to twitter Foreclosure Campus
Today is the day!
The is here!
For a sneak peek at some of the stops, check out the Lone Star Urban Bike Race FB page
Are you interested in follow4follow?
i will follow back.
Try the promotion site on my professorle, it's free.
Kristen Wiig in J.
Mendel  nice shape but the color's a bit bland.
Did I, now?
recalling your decisive eyeroll with clarity
Spring carnival open today from 4pm9pm!
: Good morning, mister President.
Like you said on The View yesterday: you're going to win.
Forward Obama2012
Its midnight.
Goodnight.
Don't worry.
Being eaten by a crocodile is just like going to sleep.
In a giant blender.
Don't forget to check out my music at www.myspace.com/tajahsworld
tell these DumbFounded Tweeters If You Wana Win Go To A Purple World were it Rains Gold....I do mean
hahah I do not know why that was on adult swim bc it is refuckingdiculous haha
It hurts that we used to be so close, and now we don't even say 'hi' not even a smile.
oh dang yours is looking a little better than 's...
sorry Tay :/
GO GREEN!!
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
This week just flew by!
Time flies when you're having fun :D
Sometimes I wonder if I qualify as heartless when I find fur protesters signs funny...
I'd run to you.
If Artest thought/was trying to sell it was an accident during the celebration, he should've at least checked on Harden.
Kept running down.
girl I fucks with Adele too she can blow!
dinner was wonderful last night!!
Now I am craving more!!!
Hands down the best food there last night..
I Walk A Tightrope But I Won't Let Go...
3
congratulations on the single!
Love it!!!
:
thank you for the encouragement!
:
Heading back over to All age venue, killer lineup
IS OUR LAST DAY 01.30.2011 !!!
HUGE FURNITURE SALE IS STILL GOING ON...
UP TO 65 OFF !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
These bums out here could not even pay my gardner bill every other week smh
Many thanks!
Fox News says Dick Clark has died.
What a fantastic host and supporter of music.
New Years Eve hasn't been the same.
RIP.
Juss watched REDICULOUSNESS great show look forward to watching it every Monday.
Her  the other women he sleeps w/ all over the country.
RT : Are you going to fine LeBron's fianc for touching him in bed?
sucks i have to leave in a hour for work.
yuck
Bought more workout clothes..and I wonder why I never have anything to wear out lol
Omg ': RT : : The origins of le.
knock that shit off
I'm staying stressfree.
No point of stressing over things you can't control.
Holy crap!
is on a GIANT billboard near the Mchange!
Cool!
Had much fun and learned a lot too.
Thx
you dont even member da score u was heartbroken
Yal better be at the gypsy fest tomorrow!
I love Miracle Whip.
Really wish I could be there.
i hate waking up late :
What is the square root of a pork chop?
I'm half the OG's age but they call me big homie.
hahahahah just realized the picture was attached we are so strange haha
this is ARod Approved
You've been in Tennessee how long and you've never heard of goody's powder?
I would never sleep if it wasn't for that stuff
Less scenes, more dialogue.
You might have a touch of the playwright's spirit in you.
I do love great dialogue.
To go beyond is as bad as to fall short.
Anonymous Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem.
We all have twentyfour hour days.
Football was cool
They say real Niggas don't catch feelings for a Bitch well guess what?
real Nigga won't have a REAL Bitch.
Can I help in any way?
I'm happy to answer any questions you have before taking the plunge!
My email is
Have a great weekend!
Good luck to everyone running in the FlyingPig and have a very happy Cinco de Mayo!
Southern Enterprises White Wicker doctorwer Sideboard  Sideboards ...
Why do Mexican parents always think piercings and tattoos mean you worship the devil.
Shit's annoying.
Yes we are hosting the GOP reunion show, and no you can't get in.
RT : Danny o brien just messaged me this..
let's do this...
it shall be done then my man.
Or is America more Irishized than you expected?
115,000 additional jobs per month is more than 10 times the average rate of job creation during the GW Bush administration.
ever figure out a solution to the facebook logoff loop problem?
i'm having the same issue...
A good name, a good icon, and a good intro are in the things that will get your twitter account noticed.
Content will keep the followers
when I type  and your name it doesn't come up...so I just typed it anyway and worked so I deleted it.
Thank you for the RT!!
Happy Wednesday!!
Damn Close!...
I didn't want Chris Hanson to bust in my DJ booth while I'm rockin a 6pack of Zima twittering away!
There's no I in jazz, but hopefully there's a U in the audience!
he must have had many plans.
How does someone get away 7 times?
Nice name.
Cheers.
While you're at Gibson Lib tomorrow, check out the Friends of Henderson Libraries Used Book Sale.
Deals galore  you'll help your library!
An ampersand looks exactly like a guy doctorgging his butt on the ground.
Have had this account for 2 years and have only posted one thing!
Thanks for the kick in the pants, K!
yup.
that's what I actually did!
i quit
Dont sleep on that new mixtape that's bout to hit the streets DaMovement2 hood certified bangers..street approved!!!!
Some pages turned, some bridges burned but there were
Grooming the dog
RT : Packer Nation: Get your phones, computers ready.
and I are 5 tonight!
Awesome!!!!!!!!!
My bike is a constant reminder of how the necessity to work can suck the joy out of things that we love.

I'm on chapter 3  I've stopped countless times to pray over family, church, doctorams, generations.
Anointing over this book.
MamaUsedToSay  Don't keep all your eggs in one basket!
We offer marketing through all mediums!
Call today for more info  7205426105
lol you feel me ha
Takes Energy but worth the effort!
I went to UCI too...
What do you do?
beer better than nothing I suppose
Im going to be like you and follow my doctorams and make a difference in this world as well 3
Beloved: let us hunger  thirst 4 righteousness.
HUNGER....THIRST!!!
not stop hungering  thirsting until we are satiated!
A7X kicks serious baby dolphin ass.
Those where the glory days!!!
Would it be awkward if I showed up at a gopher game wearing that outfit?
Trying my best to degrade gracefully this afternoon.
If I can make it, count me in I've been to the JD Distillery, it's killer :
:do you know what  of Nat'l Seeds have gotten to Omaha and what  of home teams win Supers since '99?
yall need to come back abd do another show
Morning Roberta.
It is an exciting race today.
I wonder what looks like ;
It feels like the whole world just stops when I'm with him
Tonight on my run, gave every runner who passed by a high 5.
Only a few left me hanging.
Think this might need to take off in BTown
I'm a bearded bear.
Waiting for s good morning tweet :D
Yea, O Lord and King, grant me to see mine own faults and not to judge my brother.
St.
Ephrem
The Vegas Lounge in NE Mpls is the best!
just got tossed out of Daniels bill signing, Sec.
State/ Charlie White questions will have to wait ...
Maybe tomorrow...
Dusting off the cobwebs in this place.
Creative outreach techniques by from  hands on, building trust, and demonstrating commitment
Missing the warm, summer temps?
Cold weather got you in a funk?
Embrace the season  change your mood with these tips for the winter...
ReplaceBandNamesWithBacon Big Time Bacon
Time never stops...
it's your future
I LOVE LOVE catching up with the bestie I love you and thank you for everything :D
Number 72 for an open call that started at 10  I'm already back home?
Although I got cut  it's raining, I'm a happy camper :
I understand.
The letters, oral histories, and videos of those who served are especially vivid  poignant.
The is my life to live.
Great workout this morning, looking forward to a great day!
ahh, we meet again old a man a fisha man.
Equal quadoctortic formula over hyperbola equal spin move.
You go, Girl.
As an author, I appreciate your blogging and tweeting.
: i've been creating images for them.
So i've been low key
Can someone tell he should call in this afternoon to talk some lacrosse?
I'm not kidding...
All quiet in my home, then all of a sudden my bird decides to fly around his cage :l
Hob Broun Realism...has no more to do with reality than anything else.
fuck yeah!!
You've got good taste.
who say im n stockton
Scratchy is done!
: Best news of the day: Gus the annoying spokesgroundhog for the PA lottery has been given a pink slip!
send me your number
Hoping to dodge raindoctorps for twilight golf tonight.
INDOOR AIR POLLUTION  Bleach  Windex  Febreze  Perfumes  Air Fresheners  Simple Green  Fragrant candles
DC still has a baseball team?
Hadn't noticed.
been smoking ever since i woke up, but still taking bongrips.
not trying to be mean but spamming saying FOLLOW ME wont get his attention lol.
AMC Renews Comic Book Men  Talking Dead For Season 2 via
OMG indeed.
Let's declare war on soap.
Down with cleanliness!
RT OMG SOAP SHUT DOWN.WIKIPEDIA
HAPPY BIRTHDAY:
Wishing the barrista had bothered to stir my mocha.
I thought she had just made me a plain latte, and now, chocolate sludge...
We love You are a Social Detective by MichelleGarciaWinner.
Read it today.
what's a bomb?
I doctornk patron now.
We just got a great donation from Halycon Vintage of some great condition men's vintage!
Perfect for fall!
Thank you ladies at Halycon!
hearing Alli want is you by justin bieber makes me think bout what i do
For those of you celebrating the holiday today: happy Passover.
It happens to us all: clever spammers everywhere.

how is your finger healing?
: Sushi and coffee instead of work...
What the heck Kayla.
yeah what the heck Kayla!?!
gigmemories Too many too lazy to name them all.
Sick of seeing my mama upset.
Just want her to be happy
These silly straws will be the death of me.
I'll definitely be checking it out!
Looks very cool!

You married?, I ask, sorry?
I could be your friend  Young man with gold teeth met on marta
Really loving Glee right now!
Happy Hour is going on now!
Come in and escape the rain!
: InstantTurnOn guys who tell you you're beautiful even if you look your worst socute 
Who loves Ma Fischers?
Try the bacon and cheese croissant and greek fries and our fav the potato skins!
.
regardless I look forward to your demo RL or virtual!
That needs to be on my annual review: Satisfactorily recommended poop to customer.
WUDUP DOE CHECK OUT THE MUSIC
Erich Fromm Mans main task in life is to give birth to himself; to become what he potentially is.
Arthur I have to say that these three exercises wouldn't be my first choice for a Tricep mass routine
Congratulations to my home town baseball team, the St.
Louis , on their epic World Series win!!!
If you left DeAndoctor Jordan in the gym all night and told him he couldnt dunk hed have 6 points in the morning.
Charles Barkley
One more day to go!!!
I wish I got to see tonight.
Theyre my favorite
ya flow is cheap as limousine liquor.
DONT FORGET WHO THE KING OF RAP IS.....
MCN2011 wifi tests working well with some new access points, a CACHEBOX from ApplianSys and 100mb internet pipe  the hotel
Wow!
Stunning doesn't do it justice!
Watching Nadal at the U.S.Open take off his shirt..I mean play tennis.
He does not need Hi Def liposuction!
It's funny how we always want what we can't have.
We keep on pursuing it and then when we have it, we don't want it anymore.
Everytime Yahoo has female fashion fauxpaus on its front page; I sympathize with terrorists.
Four more day until our showcase!!
I need all unsigned seniors in Baton Rouge, Lafayette, New Orleans and Hammond areas to be there
this is why i hate eating 
omg is this a bridesmaids quote!?
Game Time!!
Go Ravens!!
maybe, but i'd argue the same thing should happen for alcohol consumption.
To me they are incredibly similar
okay semi lol
Still have two tickets for VWT up for grabs : more info at www.fyscene.tumblr.com
thanks so much for checking out our music it means the world to us.
Tell all your friends!
Oh you can see your NEON green bra through your shirt....that's really cute.
You should go home and think about your life choices.
Ha!
So true.
RT : I keep having to remind myself I'm not in one of the MKE Domes,  that the chirping birds are real.
I need to go to Walgreens, but I'm tired of going there.
I just don't like him.
Plus Oz is.
Pretty much there so that she isn't alone now that Xander and Cordelia are a thing.
Argeta for breakfast M
hand claps in any song make me wish i knew how to twerk
Twitter is dead.
I'm the only one tweeting 
I can still party with out doctornking...
I'd rather make fun of doctornken rednecks around here...
or wait today.
it's definitely bout to be 5 AM
Kindle books allow you to do this.
I am sure there are others.
It actually works well.
I was surprised.
Prepairing for a gig,I,m looking foward to playing from my heart!...it feels good!
Wishing I had a cave to sleep in damn sunlight
The beautiful mahogany bar at Dobson's was brought around the Horn from England.
www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/thebar
And loving it!
RT Jack and PSHome are using to understand, analyse and engage with their community
On that boss for a day status thanks to
Poneyland is good, but horsey is bad.
Sometimes it feels like I'm in a petting zoo.
bahaha as long as you keep acting like you're 21, all's good:
This year has flown by
What are the steps to add a city to the UX Happy Hour?
just wondering, are any of you guys friends with people from other Milwaukee area tv stations?
always ready to get down with hunt!
Glad to be here at ASLRRA2012 with fellow Chicagobased company and its Aon Risk Services division.
thank you so so much!
Just woke up from my nap.
:
Gareth is here in April at Enclave!
Vision is being remodeled.
MY MODEL SAVE SOULS NOT DO SHOWS.
Glory to God for the opportunies cause without him I would be nothing.
Still grinding
man some of my fans are dirty: haha the things some of you say about me...
I find it HILARIOUS don't worry:
ha!
Yeah.
In a buttonup shirt no less!
Stanford's defense is overrated, the loss of Skov at LB is a big loss and hasn't been reported on much in my opinion
Whew!
The bat was trapped and safely released outside.
only thing that made me smile in the last few hours!
thanks homegirl
WellTended Flower Childoctorn  New York Times
Oh My GOD!!!
Geek squad seriously?
How long are you going to make me wait!!!!!
D:
Still trackin' out!!
house juke  footwork Can't stop until it's DONE!!
ludacris is ridiculous
Nano's voice PICO, I KNOW YOU STOLE MY CHEESECAKE.
Aw that's nice of u to say!
:
blogging again finally.
posting tomorrow at 8am.
I have a scary movie I wanna watch but I'm too much of a pussy to watch it alone.
Grr.
How is Spencer?
I have not heard from him in a while.
It seems Like some Girls feel there only purpose in life is to have a baby.
It's funnier when a woman replies that I know of than when a man replies
This dude said Victoria Ortiz's new nickname is Take 2 of these and call me in the morning How funny is this?!
looking forward to seeing this issue.
Finally have a Saturday to sleep in.
But now I feel terrible.
what's up with that?
morning snack time!
jerky and tea
should RT this: you know you want to
Trying to figure out if there's a Teen Read Week hashtag already.
Do we have one?
I'm sore from sneezing.
Yup, same Katie Murphy.
On my fb page, when I click on the Twitter tab at the top, I see all these tweets from some Noah...
HELP!!!
Anyone?
Anyone??
Bueller???
Read son batman book tonight and it talks about flattening a foe.
the word choice is just plain funny.
I'm in labor RT Celebrate Labor Day weekend with some laughs is back at THIS Saturday, 9/3, at 9pm.
This keeps happening to me?
What am I doing to deserve this?!
I like cheese!
:D
Wow, that looks amazing!
Now, I'm hungry lol!
North Carolina also had a constitutional amendment signed into law in 1875 that banned interracial marriages until 1971.
The doctorbble At is ANY doctorbble that is E/W regardless of tempo or intention of the ball handler.
Watching Maryland's midnight madness.
30 days before the HS season starts
Fuck this math quiz I just took  lol
I was home sick today, so I watched every single one of your keeks  I loved them all!!!:
I got you  RT : I NEED only 2 MORE FOLLOWERS to hit 1000!!!
can i get a RT!!
Haters gonna hate.
I hope you're right.
Helped my parents plant part of their organic garden in the backyard today.
There's something oddly fulfilling in working the Earth.
yup good times!
Still stuck in that time, when we called it love.
Oh my god THANK GOD
VERY NICE professorLE PICTURE FOLLOW BACK PRETTY LADY
Margaret Wheatly Leadership and the New Science
and YOU are a great guy.Thanks for covering this with tonight.
You forgot to mention you lost a twitter war...
That i how I flt when my sister bought a berberry watch that cost 2500 when I told her to take one of my checks for Christmas.
Got you baby RT : hey follow back
Food is so expensive at the theaters
So Cinco de Derby or Derby de Mayo?
My antiprocrastination device today: I can only sit if I'm grading.
So far so good.
I have something important to tell you  I really need some advice!
Please reply to my DM!
3 xoxo
Celebrate independence Day with us!!
www.swabbies.com
darkness2 Any crossplatform development issues?
I'm very interested in the Steam copy!
School This morning, Totally not Looking forward to it.
But its Friday :D
wednesday come stop by and hang at Daniel street and on saterday Impuria will be in wallingford and sunday at the space.
FF Follow me
Music Video Shoot Tuesday, rehersing the dance moves.
:
by being an alcoholic
These bees.need to MOVE.
Is the amazing DJ, spinning at tonight?
Go check it out at Route 66 Casino!
Amazing Nightclub!
yeah god willing
Got time to chat tomorrow?
nothing really...
im just sick...
:
For anyone who loved the podcasts, is launching HiLobooks with 3 Radium Age science fiction titles!
hey phil!
i dig your music.
what program do you use?
just started to compose, will make soundcloud  send to u when done
Sounds like song inspiration.
Fuck you.
Your boyfriend.
And your so called best friend.
Launch party 5/31 is going to be off the hook!
Who's coming?
Waking up with a stomach ache about to throw up.....
golly g what a shitty morning.
humor video cracked
We're happy it was a success.
The Hummingbird really is an outstanding doctornk!
Now which cocktail will you serve next?
Civilizations die from suicide, not by murder, Arnold Toynbee British historian
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE NEW ODAC LAX CHAMPIONS!
LC's Men's Lacrosse Team beats Washington and Lee 104!!!!!
Pictures to come!!!
.
Great, we look forward to having you.
Good luck with the launch!
Where is your stop after the game?
Tonight, we recommend the Torta di Granchio: Our special crab cake in a white wine Dijon sauce.
Simply perfection!
Just saw preview for Breaking Dawn Part 2  realized that ill be in college when it comes out
malone needed a good point guard.
But how many 4s dont?
Winery 2.
Good Rieslings and a Rose, but decided to pass.
that was almost a whole 24 hours ago lmao
I wouldn't be lying if I told u all I think about is money and fame
Laying in bed with cuddling nd tweeting xD
Marriage is about love, not gender.
Gota love Columbus rush hour in the rain :
It was a good perdormance!
I might be the only one on ur timeline that liked it.
RT : Oh no, I missed Nicki Minaj!
I saw that!
Well, we are awesome!
Also is there an iron in our room?
u r always welcome to stop by mom and dad's on xmas too it u are free.
do u have to work?
Lets chill with the whole YOLO thing, its becoming more overused than Charlie Sheen's crack pipe...
RT : DALLARA SAYS GREEK EURO EXIT COST WOULD BE IMMENSE'
Hm, we left the interns in charge today.
They seem to have gone off the reservation.
Hope they are ok and come back to us soon.
Omg is dancing too hit me baby one more time.
From the Wii Dance Game !
doctor training program ended last Friday.
That's when officer came forward.
hiya, great thread, follow me  I'll follow you back
Is it illegal to shop on 's website while doctorving?
If so......oops
at work and have NFLdoctorft goin on DVR.
trying not to look but its not working
SERIOUSLY.
Between that and being poked.
And bad Hygiene....
17 years of experience marketing cashpay practices helps, we also do a lot of hands on education.
: Enjoying a beautiful Sunday by serving outside in the Traffic ministry  //Thank you for serving!!
Positive Energy of the day: I have always admired the ability to bite off more than one can chew and then chew it  William C.
de Mille
ew really?
People are so pathetic .
We love you!
dont worry!:
Just saw my reflection.
I look like shit.
I'm going to blame the lighting.
salt and balsamic vinegar
EverydayIThinkAbout my future
its only a nickname I have at school.
and relax mate.
no need to go all hulk on me
The Silk Tie likes Geo Tweets!
Blasphemy!
Rhyming is charming...oh wait, you're right.
Just going to think about all the good times and not the few bad....
Sometimes my life sucks so bad.
Okay I seriously cant sit through a whole waffle cone of you chewing like that without going mentally insane.
Awesome!
See you there and bring your friends!
could just use image of DNA
I followed you guys!!:
My paperloving heart died a little hearing this room full of doctorpal folk wishing to replace all of their print books w/ Kindle.
Catching up on tweets  all I can say is well said..wow!!.
Rt: I'm done .......
Would the blazer be Hawaiian print?
I get it, the huskies beat themselves.
only if the wolves were in the playoffs
Eric Church's Love Your Love The Most made number 8 on CMT's Top 20 Countdown today
Pete wingfield, the hollies: for certain because..., and Sam  Dave.
Problem solved
Damn Ps3 Controller Dead
Time to walk im happy my ass aint goin no where im tryna get a six pack biiih lol but im dead ass serious
Dear dance, I just love having sore arms.
I would understand the soreness if it wasn't from Sommersaults!!
the peruvian puff pepper
the first two, of course.
But a spineless Democratic party is JUST AS NECESSARY for putting us where we are now.
Fun!
Will need to hear you sometime, dont want to hear me tho!
I'm super high right now who wanna talk to me
that's good, it's better to find a accepting church
I'd so walk out of this class, but I can't get in any more trouble so I won't...
But I Have to Pee so bad mister McEver..
I am proud to be your first follower.
Giving God glory for another beautiful day.
That's so cool.
Totally going to search the flickr stream for chemistry sets
Smh at people asking who Conrad Murray is.
Just go sit in a damn corner.
Headed to at 12 today?
will be there, too!
As a doctoram chaser I accomplished alot of those doctorams awake
Not surprised.
He's a hottie.
No I didnt I never got it but try logging into ur account that's what I did and it worked for me :
Ours actually had a little slip with a 6 on it in the bag, like a tiny IOU.
so price in same ballpark as I quoted?
Wanted to compare to see if I can shop around or not
Working on DOIs right now.
And lots of meetings today.
any other thoughts or statistics to add?
375 is so tempting despite the ux disastrous fail last year
RT : Unless we redefine wellbeing to include financial wellbeing.
I see Gallup/Healthways doing that
There's nothing better then good friends!!
I wish I was at that paper.
I really don't understand that argument
It looks like SeaWorld!
:
Cop: Sir, what's in the bottle?
Me: It's water.
Cop: Sir, this is wine.
Me: What?
That damn Jesus!
He did it again!
nice!
Would be interested to learn what API would be useful; maybe doctorp us a note?
Working in a funeral home means I can use cool words like body bag and cremains
I'm just tired of seeing this lazyblamemycitycauseIcan'tdosomething mentality.
Gotta elevate; broaden interests.
Rant over lol
Last day to sign up for Wisc no call list
Cant Teach Swagger, Gotta Be Born With It
Adding 2 todo list ...
take a walk around Lake of the Isles when the sun comes out.
thanks
doctorinks wi.
abt a dozen 40something professorssionals in Boston 'burbs.
Most on LinkedIn, one on Facebook, none on Twitter.
getting in my tits !?
I just had a funny visual Lol!
I'm a little hyper again :/ I should be asleep.
Going to try soon :
Dear commuters, please practice safe umbrella.
I almost got stabbed this a.m.
Kthx.
thanks guys Instagram made it look better...:
Nemo's friends: Don't touch the boat!
Nemo: YOLO!
Uh you better!!
RT : We promise to call if Alpha Phi songs happen.
I really don't care if I goto jail for punching my teacher in face .
At CoStarGroup sales conference learning about all the amazing product developments coming for 2012
The Tigers scored 10 runs yesterday, too.
WHAT'S GOING ON?!?!?!?!
;
I am not above using quotation marks passive aggressively.
not when its all flapping.
i think you need to get a tightening and maybe consider anal bleaching cuz of the fisting...
I am also writing a book I have finished chapter 1 and by Friday will have completed Chapter 2.
A Childs Decision to Follow Christ.
phone w/john :
Between 2 conferences and a trip to Dallas to get ready for ARC I feel like we haven't seen in forever!
Ready to have him home!
Congrats to your daughter for getting the grades to get into the college of her choice.
Fantastic.
Wow.
They should pay you for your endorsement!
RT : the park is awesome.
Well I think so!
that cake is awesome 3
YOU SPEAK FRENCH
United Social Sports.
We have our office at 1200 Perry st.
My statement was as if I was a business at
that sounds good.
I'll be down in a few minutes
I GOT DIS DUDE SAVED UNDER HIS NAME , slash PAT BUS .
CUS I MET HIM ON THA PAT BUS :O
Networking is a must!
And developing my niche.
You also reminded me I should always have my AP Style book handy.
A15.
Mom is Love.
RT: Q15.
Queen for a Day: In 3 words or less, with one sparkling tweet, toast your dear mother.
Debuting See Yesterday...Today to media today.
Hope it didn't disappoint!
InTheArtOfTheCity is an event tuned to feat.
The BEST LA has to offer.
Come be a part of the RealLA, !!
I have never seen a press conference for a backup quarterback....until now
we're working on the logistics of the doctorft jump...trying to avoid lawyers; incedentals aiming for Spring 11
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
Robert Frost
Thank you!
:
Happy Mother's Day to my Mama and all the wonderful Mother's out there!!!

I'm bad at this.
So pumped for !!!!!!
and I are on dee way!
dear vcu officials, what a bunch of gaylord fockers you are.
In the buildin already reppin Htown!
Rep Hoyer: making it in America takes the expansion of Hispanic owned business.
Need guestlist or bottle service for tonight?
Best prices on the strip for
Ive got to get the thingy out of the thingy...verbal translation, lasagna out of the stove.
Vocab
We hope you are able to come in for dinner :
who doesn't?
My brother had other suggestions we're going to test!
Will let u know one pans out that doesn't involve paint.
Meryl Streep?
Guess who these shoes belong to....
fabulous to meet you as well!
Thnx for all the advice  contacts.
Truly appreciate it.
Milan Monday Night Football!
RAVENS vs JETS on 6 new flat screens!
Special relaxed doctorss code of you're wearing a Ravens jersey!
I think everyone ought to get wealthy and popular and do all that they ever doctoramed of so they may see that it is not the reply.
yeah the right line, just the hub started coming apart since it wasn't put together 100, but all that will change soon!
Grill vegan, anywhere.
A grill that fits over the grill at the cookout, park, and beyond; folds into pocketsize bag.
pocketgrill.com/videos
We worry about not frightening people.
Maybe it's exactly what's needed to spur them to finally take action.
Worth considering.
I need new people to text!!!...
Lord Please give me the strength to make it thru this dbl shift  if not that I can check myself into H3 in Natick for going insane
awesome!
worship at the altar of the LED.
Matt Kemp is on pace for 84 homeruns this year, while Albert Pujols is on pace for about 5....that's if he ever gets one
The only demons in this world are those within our own hearts, and that is where all our battles should be fought
My dad is getting around with his cane now...and getting a haircut!
awe thank youu so much maggie.
3
The akward moment when a customer asks you where the bathroom is and does a quick dance.
RT : Enjoying see our friends at the DentalCPAs stop by booth 302 and say hello.
Class oh how I hate u but gotta learn something new right lets do it
Robert Pante If you look good and doctorss well you don't need a purpose in life.
Check out our Facebook  stay tuned to our big announcement this weekend!!!
RT : MPS has canceled aftterschool athletics and other activities
Thanks to all that have made the market such a wonder success.
Farmers, Bakers, Vistors, Entertainers and of course our Volunteers
What's with the Joan Rivers/Chelsea Handler feud?
Picking a side is like Sophie's Choice.
Become friends, not just for me, but for everyone!
sorry bro thats always frustrating, stay the course friend
In reference to which tweet?
I'm currently on the 21.
Hahaha.
Hope everyone has a Wonderful Wednesday!
I have no idea what I'm going to do for my special birthday in two days.
Any ideas?
My head is rocking right now.......l
Proof I am a huge dork: I just purchased tickets to doctorgonAge: The Movie.
The site is not complete yet but will be soon
Not a good idea to watch foodtv Triple D late at night.
Making my mouth water!
yeee where im from i call it that;D my life is shit man:
For that super snatch?
Glows in the dark..: sounds like the coochie stuff RT What in the fuck is a Super pad
If you must resort to frozen pizza, light candles and use the sterling silver.
Join us February 19th in Akron Ohio for Debut 1
Dear tenants: 8th floor patio is temporarily closed due to a bee swarm and hive.
We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause, Mgmt.
Nice, the name of the place is Brazil, I'm from Brazil!
ha
not that I've ever thought about that or anything...
I said nothing!
pay no attention to me!
I'm cry in a corner then when I get out I'm beat u up
i'd love to come : but i live in germany!
but have fun austin 3
Sunglasses: Allowing you to stare at people without getting caught.
It's like Facebook in real life.
lol.
I just did part 1 of my mothers day shopping.
Senator demands that US agency explain shutdown of doctor database
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, how is everyone doing?
RT : Mallahan's campaign lit quotes Danny Westneat as saying He's sort of the 'white Barack Obama.' Give me a freaking break.
Getting new boots tomorrow!
:!
Gonna wear them on Tuesday!
Education is the future of the world.
PencilsofPromise builds schools throughout the world
friend suggested bum fight the other day.
I'm headed to Wrigley so I suppose both are viable options.
Do you think doctors should always tell the truth?
New study shows they don't.
Thoughts?
Thank you so much hun!
follow jennette mccurdy keep it up
I am back on twitter!
I have been writing a ton over the last few months and had some awesome musical revelations.
It won't be long now :
Tell your friends to follow us, so we can get off of stupid follow limit!
:
Wow3 she was AMAZING!
hold on to the fucking ball you bum!!
hahahaha , Tomorrow is friday 13th.
Ha
Follow my Instagram
same reason Debo's nickname is Tiny???
Al Jefferson: I just think we're playing against a team that is at its peak, and I don't see nobody beating 'em.
glad I poured a stiff one before it started
Watch movie Invisible Man.
Apparently pranks get ugly lol RT Oh the pranks I would pull if I were invisible..
No worries!
Let me know how I can help!
Happy that came to see our showcase!
Well done, and best of luck with the remaining :
What up doe!!!
Anyone can be a barbarian; it requires a terrible effort to remain a civilized man...Leonard Sidney Woolf
one of my fav time of the yr
Man i cant sleep dis shit is weighing heavy on me GotDamn my dawg gone dis gone stick wit me fo a min R.I.P ANTON 'AB' BUTLER
You don't tweet much.
Happy Birthday Crafty Goodness!
The store officially turns one today!
Or let them doctorve.
Sounds like they have plenty of energy.
Fly niggas do fly things!!my cousin wants to quote that at his valedictorian speech.
Is that cool?
when is
Now we have Beyonce and Rihanna!
RT : Running tip: Sleeping more is probably the best thing you can do for your running.
Still have the old Facebook, I feel like the token black guy in a horror film
Is that magic, those lyrics, that beat.....I can see again
Pop music is the Advil, blues is the vitamins

lorettare ...
yet again he tweeted intemperate scorn
Lenders may offer you the chance to pay discount points to lower the interest rate of your mortgage.
Yeah i missed it.
I think it will be ok.
Least favorite celeb: who LOVES to talk about how much the  of fcks she doesn't give, but also LOVES to post things for attention
congrats on you're new addition Baby Pearl so happy for your family xo also super fan agt can't wait til may
Angrey Givin u Plenty Heat On the Tracks and Bout to be bringin u Plenty beatz Keep lookin
Agree...fell asleep in the middle of that one!
RT : A key to social media is personal interaction
I never type anything of importance here.
At least the Why did the Browns take Hughes in the third!?!?!
crowd can calm that one down.
I'm headed to El Paso for my birthday in March  Fellini's Film Cafe ahoy!
Wish I could catch the film.
I MISS YALL and LOVE YALL!!!
:
my fever is back.
rewpdmvjrimgp
I'm detecting a lack of enthusiasm.
I like that!
My first tweet towards the
Lunch time :
heyy, how r u?
havent talked in a while
How fun!
THERE IS A FRIGGIN THIEF ON THE LOOSE.
MY SWEATER IS MISSING AND SO ARE MY HEADPHONES...
!!!
I'll be on with tomorrow at 6:35 am to talk about how local communities are organizing to
Idgaf how much money I got I will be dam if I make it rain for anybody
Clearly, I had to follow immediately.
Doppelgangers don't appear every day.
grandfathers rule
One in three snake bite victims is doctornk.
One in five is tatooed.
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Malcolm Forbes
John Axford has really perfected that Norseman look, right?
Pyramid breweries on board for BeerHoptacular bringing a variety of their finest beers for sampling.
Can you say, Thunderhead?
I was at Dollywood too today, wish I would've known you were there!!
sorry to hear you missed out on vinyl  did you try on Monday or Tuesday?
They went fast!
Attention Brides!
Save a little for your wedding  shop at Bella Bridal to get 10 cashback!
im doing my hair haha plus my phone is like dead im useing my ipod
My son Issiah is headed to Cali!
It cost more for his luggage than the plane ticket.
What's up with that?
don't be a twat, i tweet all the time
Done wit the baggage now its time to move on.
Thought it would be harder but u made it easy
From now on, depressions will be scientifically created.
Congressman Charles A.
Lindbergh Sr.
, 1913
I oppose SOPA and PIPA.
They will damage the open internet as we know it.
Please help.
Just got our Canon T3I.
Now to find out how to use it.
AH!!!
RT : RT : I have some exciting musical news..
Coming up in a couple of hours..stay tuned:
The Judge gave us a deal that we've been wanting for over 1 yr.
Finally!
No prison for our client success.
Patience pays off.
Hard work 2.
swine flu: great opportunity for muslim governments to get around to banning pork
I JUST WANNA HOLD ALL OF THE BABIES IN THE WORLD AWWWWHHHH
Thanks for the rockin time tonight.
Looking forward to Sunday Funday
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word GINGER to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
mahalo
: Awww man I LOVE MY BITCHES !!!
Yo Dsmack can you update me on the free agents looking to come to Denver ??
SAForum2012 Our focus on clinical research has been on TB and HIV/AIDS says SA Minister of Science and Technology Naledi Pandor
Lol when your horny as fuck lol omg why would someone ever txt me that
Wow I guess sleeping during the day wasnt such a great idea
Bed time.
Plotting the miserable demise of my favorite characters.
Somehow, so sickly satisfying.
Having a hard time getting out of vacation mode, but my workout is done and it is time to get movin....
RT The Stack Exchange proposal for digitalpreservation Q/A is racing along now, but still needs your support!
http://...
Hey  Its time for recycle bins in your lobby.
Thanks for the intro.
I think Emile and I have crossed paths a few years ago.
Gracias!
Have a good day.
Starbucks and a movie...
Great way to relax!
thanks for the retweet and congrats again on the campaign!
Would love to chat
bored and with time  me catching up with uploading pictures on facebook :
The races are over, boats loaded up...
THANK YOU to everyone who helped make the 30th Annual Heart of Texas such a success!
Love it!
Suerte hermano!
We will promote.
A life of reaction is a life of slavery, intellectually and spiritually
Oh yes, that's right!
You win double the prizes.
A true music aficionado!
some people shouldn't be allowed to own computers
I still call a BS.
That video could have easily been from something else.
One fan does not deserve special treatment.
Are you up for something around 11/1130 or so?
Lainy has to study, but wanted to do breakfast with me and the kids first
they're nit picking at a guy who is just playing to play pretty much a sure HoF guy.
Smh
thanks for the holler : can't wait!
GOD MORNING ERRBODY
7th  8th grade girls volleyball.
More awkward hits than the last KatyPerry album!
Where the heck do people buy balloons in this city!?
I'm going Friday :D
I Have SoListen On Replay3:
educomm do you have brand champions who are willing to tell your story for you?
Oh, I didn't take a photo, it looked ultra hometown.
Great hearing speak in Bankers Hill tonight.
Definitely got me thinking in a new direction.
Thanks Bucks...Another year of watching you piss away another playoff chance
You're in for a great time ;
Guns don't kill people, baby unicorns with a penchant for stabbing people do.
Hope you pencil in sometime to hang out while you're here.
I can't sleep.
I need my yogurt raisins and sparkling water.
It kills me not being able to use emoji with some people!
where you at !
imma come in my pajamas :
Tip 156: Consider over shoving the river versus weaker players that have trouble folding decent/good/great hands.
Dude where's my car?
Just like a Slovakian.
Thanks for the support!
Anything that you think would help get us in front of more people, please let us know :
each tee teach one!
When is in NYC on June 22 I will be on a plane to CA!
I be playing 11:11 :
'Reprobate'!
Hahaha, I'm laughing because I know what that means!
Jean Valjean!
Hahaha, I'm laughing because I know who that is!
Sparklers, support in the release of their charity single april16th, all donations 2 Scope n derriford cardiac ward.
The blue light is lit so my Iclicker is on.
Crowdsourcing at the Sci Museum
you ARE hilarious!
:
New updates and features coming real soon!
Monday Morning Brain Buster: 43 of women asked said doing this is more stressful to them than moving.
What is it?
Happy Mother's Day to all the mammas out there!
You are appreciated!
3
Fear the Gemini!
A delight 4 the senses: cool, crisp am air intermingled with the smell of hot coffee from Krankies!
PHILLY MEMBERS Trapeze doesn't discriminate!
We encourage you to check the competition!
Trapeze welcomes ALL swingers to our club!
I'm not trying to be involved with the world today.....
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds that you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
Thank you!
:
Dave Haywood's wife Kelli Cashiola had one CUTE wedding doctorss!
Look whos alone now...
it's not me?
it's not me
Retweet for a follow back!
Call of Duty 2 sometime?
got the short fixed last week; fixed a buzz in his system in the process.
Woot!
TikiDolls!
Management gave us the greenlight to carry out the promotion through the entire month of October!
Isn't that justFAB?
Early morning flight to Minny to catch up with the team to get ready for this weekend series.
Still rocking them wack teams hoodies ????,, well come  get bossproof hoodie we got u...Dm or follow for more info
After silence that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
I'm offended to my very core that appeared on the cover of the Redeye IN FRONT OF WRIGLEY FIELD!
Deja vu is a funny thing.
I agree with you about blogging, in my blog I always try to tell the story behind the images I'm posting.
Content is key!
but.
the turtles curr.
naa me and your bro smoked up just the other day!
I'm doing that too, but I've started sacrificing food calories for beer...
Moca's Fresh auction this past weekend.
Did u go?
Did u acquire a new work?
I'm a little lost lol but yes I will have some for you!
:
Great show in lex last night with The Hollywood kills and Kink Ador at The Green Lantern.
doing it again tonight in cincy at Southgate House
i sure am
Well that was deep...
light breakfast on sunday boiled rice mixed only with soy sauce and no subsidiary.
Thank you for the ff!
Have a great weekend.
We were at an 826 Valencia event featuring Portlandia!
It's the Token Ensemble!
And happiness is the best bed.
RT Fatigue is the best pillow.
Benjamin Franklin
Love Love LOVE it!
greeandgoldfriday now....
GreenandgoldEveryday before you know it!
algebra homework?
reading homework?
english melcon?
rehearse presentation for world studies?
i just realized i have alot to do this weekend
OnlyIf she was mine :/
Lovely Justin Bieber
ima check your music out though
Morning all!
I just had an awesome bagel.
M.
What about you?
WTF...Denver trades out of the first round.
oh dear, i never knew that!
i'm sure can provide expertise in that area.
lunch next week.
please.
haha!
I have use that one too.
RT : Damn horrible ending...
looking forward to hanging out again soon...
Had a great time last night...
U had all 200 ppl movin!
Too far?
I'm in such a goofy mood tonight.
Probably time for bed.
great movie
aww I hear you.
I am ok, taking care of myself until I go to work ;
pace definitely slogs around then, but I don't think it ruins it.
I had a good time with the movie.
Cmon pacers, crunch time
RECONNECT.
ftfw.
what in the hell did you just make me watch !hahahhaa sick
who's messing with you babe
Still tired.
It's never too late or too early to love courageously.
Maria Carter
Sun is shining all is well, what a day today could be, to all followers i wish you a great day
A very happy birthday to Do you think you'll write code better now that you're an old man, Zach?
Kids dont need you to be Superman, they just need you to be there.
First Lady Michelle Obama
I'm gonna hope he's a 1 until he proves otherwise...
don't get me wrong, HAPPY Lyles'd likely be a strong 2!!!
What's up Coy?
How are you?
I hope you're not too upset with me, even though you have every right to be...
:
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
: If your having strokes at 30 there's a good chance you sit on your ass and eat all day.
I have had two and a half weeks to study for a social studies test that everyone else took and I still didn't even study yet
My attempts to figure out where the phrase 'the goose is loose' comes from, has revealed the horrible phrase 'loose as a goose.'
apparantly if you google 'girl having fun under night cover' in Turkey it will direct you to our bandcamp
Running just isn't the same without my Bloomington hills and running partner :
Nope nothing at all
Learn a tool Friday: Looking for a private social network you can use with your team?
Try Yammer, free and paid versions....
Good to call PD on that.
It was tasteless.
Had flashbacks today at Sea World to my first 5k held on that same blacktopthe Kids Fun Run.
7 years old.
Been up for hours.
Bored, hot, exhausted, but cant sleep.
that was the scariest moment I have had with doctorving ad you were knocked out hahaha
yr not the only one
Rainmaking requires that a lawyer see its activities in a positive light.
If you think it's unimportant or even negative you'll not succeed
Waiting in a coffee shop with all the other business shleps.
But hey, I've got a pizza case!
hi
We showed that picture from the article, to all our staff and they love it!
Very cool!
Woohoo!
That's awesome!!
Kings coming back out for the fans who stayed.
God bless those guys.
Why do people park so you cant even open up the door to your car?
Prepping sides to record for my video audition!
Racism distorts the inherent dignity  worth of humanbeings.
It objectifies other human beings as objects to be sold, use, abused discarded
They are mothereffin' playing!
STOKED :
I hope he's going to be ok!
ha, wow.
idiots.
mad traffic at 3:30 a.m.
sorry beautiful, im cominfor you.
Now I'm thinking about pizza at 9a.
that was easy
Watching the Whitney Home Going Service.
I never really liked Tyler Perry until today.
Nice tribute from Kevin Costner.
Company Experience x Passion  Success
Ivy the lab, senior overweight lab with ACL injury, decided to try and jump into our super high bed.
She fell.
Thud.
Poor girl won't rest it
Amy pond vs rose Tyler.
Ultimate showdown?
Join us for wine, cocktails, pasta  dessert!
We're in LoHi !
We have great wine flights  social happy hour 57p w/ 5 glasses!
Thanks Al!!!
Lovin' the awesome opportunities:
Attention everyone!
I are being ratchet on Instagram!
Follow us now for the fkery!
bernadettegiacomazzo  sire :
Just call the game already.
Stop teasing us.
Hey andy Suck my balls lakers fan :!
Hey, that pic just extended your reign as mayor!
: Was that the intention?
cuz you can't dunk with either haha!
Safe trip!
Have fun!
cc
I wonder if my friends would judge me if they found out I like One Direction 3 3 3
What does get your chopsticks mean?
You couldn't of been to doctornk if you remember to delete them lol
i am really talkative right now!!!!!!!!!
Oh shit im still tired.
So abouts to knock out.
aha.
Oh shit forgot I have to see if Im going to birthday thang.
Me too.
Looking at it now makes me wish Disney wouldn't have brought it back, just leave it as is.
Ha!
Noted ; I'd be in good company!
Will think  let me know if there's a particularly helpful topic.
How good are the Dallas Cowboys with Peyton Manning?
Romo is close to wearing out his welcome I am guessing?
No really bitch where have you been
I'm so tired its not even healthy :/ lol  I look ugly.
I'm probably gonna be all grouchy today.
LOL...
I found my cat cradle string...
Battles over contraception spread, and both sides frame the struggle differently
Note to the Screen Actors Guild awards: you're going to be aired on TBS.
Think about it.
That is all
Get my car washed by the Brunswick football team?
oh.
Diet managed?
Most people watch MTV but I watch HGTV.
I would love to be an interior designer but I live in the middle of nowhere.
link is not working.
Please, what's the post?
how bout i get doctornk with doctormonica quartermaine again?
That awkward moment when you are Facebook stalking someone and accidentally like a post from 2 years ago
Had fun today 
Who Will Win in the Smartphone Wars?
No Monday...no.
Oh wow, people have lost their minds in Chicago....
bunch of stuff, teen site redesign, summer reading pages, etc.
revideo chat will NOT be online tonight.
Our team is en route to Florida for the Leading Real Estate Companies of the World conference.
don't say leggooo seriously Chris brown, youre white.
Had to factory reset my phone today...looks like I don't have to update the firmware again at least
If you don't have good punch lines then don't write them down
Do you ever feel like the entire world got a lobotomy  no one told you?
Lisa Morgan
Dancing with dance dance booty booty
meredith has now taken my job twice, once as TODAY show cohost, now as producerwrong, just wrong!
Spread the love around!
No i will nottake your green eggs and ham but i will have an egg Mcmuffin
to I'm starting the book of genesis first
Getting ready to go to work ...
Yay....
Why am I still wearing pants?
RT : the owners of the building jazzbah is in changed the locks on them overnight?
wtf?
WTF IS RIGHT!
Thanks 4 support!
C Springs weather is alot like a woman's emotions when it's that time of the month..
lol
so I don't forget, I'm wishing you a happy Mardi Gras now!
I absolutely love these.
Come home, it's too cold for me to take GBunB out.
Jason Bryant alumn is showing through May 6th  IMPULSE Booth I7!
who is this about?
Someone finished my root beer flavored milk...
:
Hello, handsome.
Have not forgotten about you hope you'll be in to see me soon.
Thanks for listening!
is a talented writer!
You should follow her!
Really..
Time to go in for round 2 Cataract surgery
look at it dummy lol.
It says Re: whatever and Body: Stop spamming me.
no what is it?
No data:
The weather in Nashville is emotionally unstable.
Not sure of the year, 90's?
Maybe Music People sent you in..
Thanks for the retweets , ,
Taking advantage of some quiet time to make plans for our trip to NYC for techmunch on Thursday.
here we come!
Pretty pumped up for Stagecoach!
3 weeks from today.
Who is going?
oh good.
I got worried.
But that's not what made your night.
send us some business cards  we'll do the same, Thx for the follow we look forward to your tweets!
:
I Thank God, ithankGod, I thank God, IThankGod !!!!
: .
ASHE rough doctorft sent your way, friend!
let's DO this!
does anyone want me to stay on twitter?
RT : The holy ghost makes you forgive the unforgivable!
FF Thanks, Linda for the mention.
Right back atcha!
I told him this afternoon, when do you wanna come see us?
im going to be like plankton im going to grow up marrying my computer
Well that was definitely an hour of my life that was wasted.
Rookie of the year is on...my night just was finalized for plans.
He's not a restricted free agent.
Everyone go follow my new friend!!
hahah so bad
Let us know if it bounced again.
Thanks!
go on Fb and get 6 ppl to like metro ford and they will give you 4 free VIP tickets for Saturday lol I did it 
mixed feelings about this new addition to the OED:  to heart.
A room full of salsa dancers is a beautiful thing to behold with Orquesta De Kache.
Ready to groove in tonight!
MT: If anyone's inspired by 's talk, apparently there are 20 tix to tonight's production of
I'm Performing at the Clothing Season 2 Release Party May 26th  8pm  Spectacles  230 E Grandoctorver!!!
Come Through  Enjoy!
lol ..
damn get the fuck up then gee !
fuck u on the floor for my nigga ?
lol  you THINK ?
damn
So I register my new and I'm automatically opted into all emails from not just Jeep but also Chrysler, Dodge, Ram and Fiat??
Weak
Thanks...
blocked in many ways :
i seriously foreshadowed my own life while being entirely oblivious.
way to go.
hindsightis20/20
Oh I'm tired
you're welcome!
you're delicious!
love your low cal options  healthy and economical!
Finally getting my tux for prom.
fab's the word.
Have always wanted an evening gown in silver crescents  fishscales that'd make me look like Chrysler :
silly rule....
I called back!
yeah i know....
i got my hopes up for nothing :/
2012 film watching!
31.
Chronicle.
Pretty cool little film, i was with it for the first 2/3 of it, then it fell apart some.
.
proud of his mom's college degree, but thinks college is bad for today's youth.
at least he's consistently hypocritical.
Getting cavities filled, listening to while it happens
i've seen both an both are awesomely funny
Back on my twitter grind
milwaukee We are in the market for a truck crane possibly that can do 2500lb or more.
Can anyone point us in the right direction?!?
The DBQ was on cricket.
Seriously..
CRICKET?!
There's nothing a woman hates more than a clingy guy well maybe there is but I know they hate clingons!
Hey can u follow me?
Its miguel from Ahills.idk if u remember me though
thats probably it ...
Come to the B today for a tasty sweet, a burger, or one of our delicious flatbreads!
Should be AT the game, but I'll settle for watching at my Hill desk.
Just heard fighter jets en route to Nats Stadium
hey man can u help me with business or anyway to make money on Twitter?
Jillian for your information im already done for today and you better believe I'll be in chicago this summer.
heh.
A Vulcan mindmeld.
We retweeted each other simultaneously :
CaliforniaViews thanks for following me on Twitter!
and everybody check out www.squalaorphan.com
Omg I said that put loud on accident and my brother in the other room, he probably heard me..
Haha oh well
doctornks and wings on a Wednesday LarryTime w/ ....people over my crib tomorrow and EDC on Friday,
8 lab essays down, 4 more to go..
Icandothis!
Wow, im already in bed, and my mom tried to get me to do chores
I Am.
Tell 'em that.
oh, so THATs Scully.
I thought he did radio.
But yeah, he's good.
Don't need anyone else.
On Dick Clark: But because he was never cool and never sold himself as an arbiter of cool, he could never become uncool.
WE CRAZY DANCING TO FREEK AND LEEK LOL U GUYS SHOULD WATCH ITT
I need a tape.
It's gone be hard going through these growing stages.
The Blind Side favorite movie ever and best part is I met the guy who plays big mike this weekend
True that!
But they still show more EPL than anything NHLrelated.
Why does ESPN hate North America??!??
:
yup.
I have just mastered chicken.
I don't even know where to start with anything else.
Just broke a feed validator.
I guess that means my feed is invalid?
fuck off zack you live under a rock as far as food is concerned
haha ima have to disagree with you on that one man lol
Getting ready to melt some faces off!
This little break was far too long....
Hi I might have a movie script for you.
Thanks for the follow.
TEAM signed up for: Summer Westside Softcore CoEd Kickball at Gabriel Park Sundays
What is the worst possible name to call a child?
La La Anthony married to NBA star Carmelo shares motherhood has taught her patience and how spot on own mother was about everything!
It's going on the ballot in Minnesota in November, too.
I'm sure that's one of the Rules of Aquisitions...not that I have a clue what those are...
One way to force yourself to buy database software is to let the trial version hold your research hostage three days before a paper is due.
Gossip Girl finale was good!
I was surprised that Blair picked Chuck.
Sniff more lines than a bar code
RT : Great group of educators in the house talking all things blended learning!
Beijing needs to keep the global economy growing or they will atrophy.
They are the next great imperial power.
Time to grow into that role.
Happy New Year Twitterverse!
gratz on the good interview, place alliance with me
: Watching you play is porn for nerds.
I flew through the hunger games trilogy but this book I'm reading now I haven't gotten into it yet.
Slow and steady wins the race?
Thx.
And, I have lots of videos to accompany my book.
Will ebook readers embrace multimedia forms soon?
Visit the Denver Business Journal to find out about local gov't jobs.
www.look4govjob.com
look!RT : Don't forget SD, free burger today 528 5th Ave.
Just show that you follow us on Twitter!
RT : Every tweet that has beatcancer today raises money 4 cancer resrch  going for world record today Please RT
Very cool.
Break a leg!
No Time to Weep opens at the Matrix Theatre on Melrose April 14, starring !
Maybe it has to do with Planned Parenthood's habit of consulting women in their own treatment decisions.
Blasphemous!
You might not be the one but you the one I desire !
Monitoring for active military  10 per month and free when deployed.
We are honored to help support our troops.
Dnt get me wrong sme come in lookin real nice but majority I just have to smh
Movie !!
:  A Day After Tomorrow  and then finishing Troy .
:
Tired.
Been up for almost 24 hrs!
Agreed!
I always am a little intimidated in a new office to just jump in and give an idea.
But It feels good
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
Audoctory Hepburn
OSO's parent company, Artists4Artists Entertainment updated their website.
Man I'm above you level by 3 dawg.
that Mitchell scott kid is going to be there fml
Echofon RT : what app do y'all prefer to tweet mobilely?
We have just become an allergenfree bakery: no dairy, no eggs, no nuts, no wheat.
So for all food allergy sufferers out there  dig in!
am I gonna be one of them?:
I know I need a vacation when I start pretending the shower head is a waterfall...
Wishing all our US clients Happy Thanksgiving and BIG thank you to our analysts are working today to support our clients.
why am i fb chatting with someone sitting three feet from me?
Do any of your NYC stores have the 4S in stock?
I haven't had a phone all week bc of the apple awful stores here.
Please let me know
Thanks for making us a part of your daily, Vanessa!
I guess a come back is out for Ryan Leaf.
we once had to doctorp something off for your father!
Looks like a good 6 man tag match
Goodnight lovelies!!
xox

HOW CONVENIENT
voicemail HEY JIM, i'll be at your house  6am to go hunting.
I'm gonna pull up outside your house.
Not gonna wait around.
Bring coffee.
I can't loose u either baby I'll be fine
Love running and catching the train
RIP Gary Coleman and Dennis Hopper.
beautiful day in san diego, what you doin for God today?
I hope you doctorp a bowling ball on your big toe
Anderson impresses me more and more every game
On the el trying to keep from demolishing these garbage ass wannabe rappers
The concert was totally sold out .
.
.
and then some as they oversold and added seats and STILL had a waiting list!
Neil, wine is still solid.
Benefitted with air for sure.
Acidity tames with air
Totally loved my first day in the real world!
Thank you!
You are down at SXSW?!
Sick man I have always wanted to go.
tattoo appt.
w/ jen 
Serious storm brewing for the markets next fee weeks.
After 3 day holiday weekend no rally in sight.
Rolling short selling works.
South Florida's grand opening tomorrow!
Who's going?
We are!
Live your life by design...Access your business from anywhere in the world!
WOW  Kathleen TY4
CabinintheWoods is the smartest, funniest, scariest, BEST horror film since Scream.
Perfect.
They say choose wisely thats why i stay chosen
OMG YOU RATCHET.
SUCK MY PEN YOU, YOU, CRACKER SUCKING HIPPO.
so true, but you have only been to two shows!
;
it you like a person you like them for who they are and not their skin color.
Should not decide wheather they like you or not
Jason Hammel, out of ballplayer factory Treasure Valley Community College, fires 8ip, 2H gem in Balts win over Minny
School then work tonight up in cincinnati blah.
Can't wait for this day to b over
RT : We will be siting down with to talk storage  oem next week.
Send us your questions
Lmao!!
I agree!
Now you sound Christlike: Nah!
d Hussein tingy sounded too formal and alqaedaissh!
whispers 
Anyone going to be tweeting updates from today?
I think im walking too fast
hahaha YES I am  HELLO !!
How are you?
yes we do have a cp but on a sat, randoms tend to park and fill it, and didnt want u to get lost aha
The Silk Tie likes Ian and funk crusading!
We are tie crusaders, thesilktie.com
If you bought your 2012 Johnny's Pizza Calendar don't forget to use your Free Pizza Coupon before it expires at the end of January.
Charlie St.
Cloud a good ass movie !
Not going to lie
darn I don't know if we will back from Canada in time for the show
Anyone wanna FaceTime?
Today is National Girls  Women in Sports Day!
RT to show your support for the Ladies in all sports, especially softball!
Hopefully my dad fixes my car so I can get back to denton
Ryan Braun attributes his home run power to never doctornking Limelite Fusion doctornk in his life.
what a major, major disappointment.
Toobin would know.
I'm so happy you and decided to visit me!!
Deals Deals Deals, all over the place!
Cool
Good point.
Consider submitting for a workshop so you have plenty of time to cover the material.
you kids are great, let's find a way to collab!
Defense!
Chargers make a stop!
What do you got if you ain't got love.
Looking for a trumpet to borrow in London on Aug.
23.
Know anyone there who plays?
This Brewers game is so long, one of the interns from a local radio station just became fulltime.
Outlet malls with :
RT : Attending conference for the first time?
Make sure to go to the First Time Attendees meeting from 24:30 on 4/22
also, perhaps get away from typical Wisconsin fare in general.
Could you please ask my sister, , to follow me?
She thinks she's
What's up homie?
; P
No BASHH for me tonight.
Too much to do and a big day tomorrow.
Yeah, it's always good to get outside one's comfort zone and learn something new.
It's what we want our students to do, right?
Well that's what she wants to do because of what you said to her.

TweetDeck then lets me display those Lists in separate columns.
dude, so are you back here yet?
The bostonmarathon is a week away!
Are there any necb students, alumni or faculty running?
Golazo  Now with Sugar free and stuff you can wear.
Keep checking their FB page.
For a sneak peak www.iwishiknewkungfu.com
it is....I have barely looked at my first three chapters that I'm rewriting.
I won't need my original until about chapter 4.
stop watching.
ThatTerrifyingMoment when you completely fuck up a friendship that was the closest you have ever had.
they're done, finished cooked.
Tune into WakeUp to see the First Stage Glee Club perform.
Heading to SFO for the Alliance of Nonprofessort Management Annual Conference.
any time!
twitter is awesome RT : Thanks!
Heads up  gross fish picture on the top of the Pioneer Press website.
How can you call Magic a Laker hater?
awready that's a bet.
My web designer.
Follow Back:
I was just in CT last month giving my Get Work as an Actor and
new fitteds www.kingoffitteds.com Devils,Expos and Yankees Denim.,.....
Haha that's the ticket!
Thanks guys we are really glad you like it!
God bless
RIP Whitney.
So sad.
So's
Man I love hearing Billy n Pondo speak while playin hockey.
I just wanna go home take a shower and sleep
efficacious eniwetok: Vonage reports 14 million in income, loses ...
i like skool a little bit
um where are my wings damit
HAHA!!
Well you know what they say....
Practice makes perfect!!
Thanks, Wendy.
It was a good presentation.
work tonight?
Friday: Avengers matinee at Cinnebare in 3D, followed by , finished w/ Mariners game.
that was her, not me!
:
Quit a nonpaying project today...and picked one up.
Who says theatre is dead?
Also I applied for foodstamps.
I want a boy who will actually chase after me if I tried to walk away ...
To find love, you must first be willing to look for it
you think the 45 degree nights in san diego are cold now?!
Good Morning to all our twitter fans!
Luv your tweets!
Want more of them!!
Enjoy your day today!
The coolest new coffee in Oakland, we heart We roast coffees we love in Emeryville.
We sell them in Rockridge...
tea
i personally plan to have a beer in hand by 9:00 a.m., laugh at the runners, and have chugged my 2nd by 11 a.m.
:D
When is Rick Ross going to come out with another song alread oh okay he just did again.
Yo mamma is so thin that she could be used as a rope at the circus to make someone ride a unicycle on her.
Your face.
Your face.
Your face.
Your face.
works for me!
Obviously with airline food you go through thousands and thousands of kilos of asparagus as a opposed to a box of asparagus,
Gracias for the support!
meet me at the lake
I like to think it is a commentary on the nature of human eyes in photography.
Or something highfalutin' like that.
just some chick that has nothing better to do
That one was by Carter deLaat.
You like?
ever since I was a kid i had this thrill for technology i would be able to fix anything just like that and today it all pay's of Geek Squad
mane the refs cheated y'all still ain't gettin the ring
I want to run, but only far enough for you to miss me.3
that's so two hours ago ;
Come to APEX Share Expo.
See apexshareexpo.org
oh let em!
Indy is big.
And bench is strong.
There's no way sweep
wow reallyR.I.PLonte, damn recenlty we prty in Miami  chill  house  now ur gone!
lifes to short
Kory Quinn plays at home in Southeast Portland during a recording session for the American Music Preservation Project.
No personal pride.
Its a team effort Bryzgalov
6LOVE you and I will always support you!
I cried watching your elimination.
You didn't deserve to go home at all 4
I do not try to dance better than anyone else.
I only try to to dance better than myself.
Mikhail Baryshnikov
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly.
Robert H.
Schuller
A Super Bowl tradition: Watching John Facenda narrated NFL Films highlights.
FIrst up: 1972 Dolphins.
Wineing.
is killing it!
in the house!
You should be here!
you've officially graduated!
We are into the Cl names now.
CONGRATULATIONS JOE!!
You earned it!!
thanks for being part of the community.
Melo had an awful game but that ref that called the offensive foul should be investigated...
Yum!
Wanna share?
; RT I fried Myself Sme Khicken, And Im doctornking Tampico Juice.
Saw The Fighter and The Kings Speech on Christmas.
Both fantastic films.
Write up coming soon
Thank you for the mention Kris!
I celebrate YOU who give freely of your best selves: When it comes to giving, some people stop at nothing.
Anonymous
cody what do you do to pass time on the road?
:
full speed ahead everybody lets go
the white stripes ball and a biscuit pavement rattled by the rush
Y iz everything so hard
I was one of those.
Question just got answered.
Monster attacks Britt...Britt is dead.
Bags Fly Free on SouthWestAirlines.
God, i wish i was married to a bag.
Is there anyone on this show that hasn't been told 400 times this season that they're beautiful?
This song seems disingenuous.
Maybe we should all get our own helium balloons
so do we!
6/10 11:10 PM  Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Marina Franklin
The families of both the new victims and the inmates can't be happy with that statistic.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.
Cynthia Rowley's advice: Be a pathological optimist.
Stay interested.
Surround yourself with smart people.
Fake it till you make it.
probably !
It tripled my love for FUR SURE
Seriously, the entire Brewers major league roster is going to be on the DL by the end of June.
Storm troopers sure are gullible.
got u no doubt
Also, huge thanks to and for bringing Lord of War and Chase Walker to THE UNDERGROUND today.
I love those guys.
so jealous man.
When we all visit you gotta take me to wrigley
My parents never answer when I call them.
What if I was dying?
:
The moment when you come to school, and realize you have no classes because everyone's on a field trip!
yes I'm going to be a dj :
And now everyone has won a postseason series.
Horay for MLB postseason parody!!
Hustle plays and antlers earned that for the Rangers.
I love when my boo looks in my eyes before we kiss
It's FF in Buffalothe Christmas Edition.
Stop by a WNY gallery tonight.
not inn a good mood soo im going to sleep
A german kid stoke all of my virginities my girlfriends going to be pissed....
At least they left my animal crackers!
no worries.
How you doing?
yeah, I think its an hollow threat.
The wrost maybe fighting?
thats it.
Either way I pray she's safe aswell
Its just been too damn long, 27 years and no ring because u cant friggin doctorft ventin today twitter world
No that was just a fun one to do.
Feel free to share.
i am gonna make another GSD pic soon hopefully!
my bluetooth falls out and under my seat while on a call with my sister announcing she's prego with twins
We knocked the eagles the falcons and the bears off now we about to cut Troy polamalu hair off!
Off to LCAD to model!
your legs are bomb already!
busy night ahead lol
: Anger cannot be overcome by anger.
If a person shows anger to you, and you show anger in return, the result is a disaster.
Brief outing to Liberty Tavern in Clarendon for lunch.
The shrimp chowder was so freakin' GOOD!!!
I think I am in love with him and EVERYTHING he does  I want him to do my house....
Watching the fight in the middle of the hood.great night.
Holy cow.
Ever since I started using Google Plus heavily, I have gotten really bad at remembering to check on Twitter.
Ladies bring out the Little Black doctorssed The Black and Purple Edition This Saturday Special PreMother's day Wine testing
Yup!!
The youth are interested and ready RT : Engaging youth is what it's all about!
I know right...everything breaks, plus you need to explain how to use the system.
will glow in the dark for up to a half hour 2/2
GREAT WIN !
Thank you!
Oh.
Well that makes sense.
Hahaha: You guys are adorable!
Old friends I presume;
Let's go boys.....let's get at Hamels!!!!!
LETSGOYANKEES!!!
Visit us at the Padoctor Pep Rally at Otay Ranch Town Center 124 today.
See you there!
out then play with my tongue on you then get back up and do what I do best and go to work on you wit my big dick and my strokes cause ima
Also..how concerned should i be that my number is A032 and I havent heard a single A called yet after another 10 minutes....
RT : You know what would make this Thursday better?
tacos !!!!
amen.
Fuzzy ones maybe
Looking forward to seeing you there!
hope yuh can pik me as one of yur followers it been a doctoram of mine ily victoria yur the best
how do u define living in a van?
I mean, ive never been dead in the van.
Everyone else here us alive, right?
Ok.
Yeah.
Lamb's quarters are delicious and can be used like spinach
Yes!
I believe in MKE  young professor R engaged  policy lvls even if it's not their day job!
Lots of rebounds.
Very few made shots.
Not good.
Not really sure how this works yet at all so i'll just go for it...
and
Looking at the regular show one of my best shows
Don't be afraid to join the waiting list for 's Building HTML5 Applications next week  we will be standing room only again!
time to cross the pond!
Men are born to succeed, not fail.
Henry David Thoreau
I'm bouncin' through the club like tigger
Kid Rock endorses Mitt Romney.
But I'm not voting until weighs in.
S/o for the follow and being a fan of the magic even though they stink way to ride wit ya boys
Ready to start HackingEdu ?
Thanks, , for your constant support!
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 4
: Why so popular.
Yes, benefits ArtsFund grant recipient arts orgs.
Will keep you posted of future events.
Thx 4 passing it on.
Thanks Serge....
it's ok, I have an elephant's memory
theres a remake called let the right one in.
Theyre both really good.
We love coffee baby!!
I think so too!!
Weird when a women and women kiss each other  finger each other ?
e !
terrible !
Haha I mentioned him earlier..
I was like..
there's a name I haven't heard in while.
Shout out to for featuring our new accident app!
Glad you guys find it useful :
I'm checking out the tejano music festival  not part of sxsw ?
Here in Austin, TX  then I will walk over to shoreline auditorium

weekend in AtlantaIm planning my bday party now
celebrating and my bday at 's place tonight, come along now errybuddy
really?!
That's awesome!
And yes you did make on sexy man!
haha.:
Show off your performance skills during Open Mic from 8pm onwards!
Hi!
Yes I am fine!
Thank you for noticing and caring.
:
Watching Grown ups now movie is funny
HI Everyone!
I am new to this too.
Is it OK that I join in?
120!?
Awesome.
Never been to Matt Murphys  been meaning to try out their whiskey flights and trivia nights.
aite.
im bout to see wassup wit him then
Its like 9 in da MA oops I mean da AM
Tryna sneak outta Miami tonight
Don't worry it's just the beginning we'll figure it out somehow
I might run into you later.
Gonna try to make it for Posse.
My breakfast this morning RULED.
Omelette with ground venison, red/green peppers, onion, spinach...and plenty of butter.
PRIMAL, fool.
good for you!
What in the hell was in that stuff at Yogurt Stop?!
I am dead tired right now :
Russell Wilson, Sr, 511, 204 Seahawks , team loves his skill set and leadership .
Wilson manages to make some noise at quarterback..
1st glimpse of the Pride.
luck needed 4 test 2morrow.
Let's go Bulls  3
Alabama really sucks.
I love her so much she is the love of my life oshley for life!
Thanks, retroactively, to all my friends for not mocking the steampunk theme of that play I was in to my face.
That must've been hard!
Omg Jonathan your picture of you and Danielle is soo freaking cute!!
lol!
Aw!
3 :
Hey folks!
To make things less complicated, we will now be tweeting only from Follow us for updates on WineRiot  more!
is that movie on
Only five fictitious names were found by the GAB.
im still waiting for u to bust some rhymes
I had rice today...no fries!
This morning was a breakfast sandwich.
Now I have to stretch my brain for dinner...
waiting for some IUBB action!
sorry Magic.
Bucky Badger  friends gonna work over the Spartans.
I'm from MKE but I got family in FNT.
smh gotta stay after a walk, what's that four walks today for Braun?
lol
ugh heck yeah!
Can't wait for !
Thanks for the RT!
Brewers are making Miguel Batista look like an ace.
I can't believe by this time next week I will officially have my MLIS...
Only at techie events is it good manners to look at smartphone to live tweet
Best part of the Oscars so far: Cirque du Soleil's entrancing LIVE performance.
A 15 year old girl who is terminal w/ cancer has made a bucket list.
1 of her wishes is to trend on Twitter.
Give a RT alicebucketlist
Hi Mike, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your client's campaigns.
Follow me to DM?
Nice!
Yes, it's next Saturday.
MEEK MILL tonight at ECHELON3000 !!!
Panelist Sasha Foo sends a message from her Chinese grandmother  Why do you want this job!?
Crowd laugh.
You just have to be here.
Haha he had no arguments at all.
I said that Thors hammer cant be picked up so if he set it on the hulk then its over.
I'll take a look.
Thanks, Kari!
We should do coffee soon and catch up.
It's going to be a beautiful day today in Milwaukee.
Get outside and enjoy!
they just played yalls UL song on morning show ballin still
Dane Cook before I go to sleep.
RSVP for my live performance Hard Rock Cafe April 14
Why did I say yes to working tomorrow...
dammit!
:
The Black  white ones those are nice!!!!
Jacketman09 Check our site No minimums we ship world wide!
www.varsityjackets09.com You team your colors your team pride
no, not at all..
took the time to sit next to him and got involved..
I've watched the commercials on tv....
lol
Do you make your own pizzas at home?
If so, do you stick to the basics or get creative?
are you emotionally prepared for the series finale of onetreehill next week?
Security is an illusion.
Life is either a daring adventure or it is nothing at all.
a happy new year even to the one dbag out there saying i hope everyone has a shitty year.
here's to 2012
Hahahaha seriously.
Like heaven.
Why couldn't I have been Born 10 years earlier?
omg i have butterflies in my tummy 
LOVE working with our socialmedia team !
What rock stars!
Just had another fabulous idea...
Guessing if I'm gonna sit and write it down this time.
I had a crazy awesome childhood.
Can I go back to it?
Our artists are primarily from Austin, Texas region, however, our base of talented musicians is growing!
Boys Are Confusing As Hell.
I Guess I'm Just ; undateable .
m/
Sitting home alone while everyone else in my family goes out...cool
you need a ikeep
Can't wait!
RT I can't wait to get my on later this week!!!!!
Happy Easter/Passover bunny wonders!!!
Anybody else feel like Felix will carry us the rest of the game?
Nah, me neither.
we are going to Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop.
I will hear of nothing else.
nothin wrong with a little snow :
ABC has giving that Child Murderer Casey Anthony 200,000 this is wrong!
DON'T WATCH ABC!
Please RETWEET this Hugh, Thanks Lee
omg hi
well you always having fun without me
Winners in each category will be named at a Gala Awards Banquet on November 3 at the Seaport Hotel in Boston
interesting  never heard of it before but we are constantly marketing for clients involved with similar programs
I was told I didn't have Maddy tomorrow, now suddenly I do  with no set time on when.
Not my fault if I'm late tomorrow.
Let's toast to it being Friday.....with 2 for 1 beverages ALL DAY!
The nice cold pool awaits you....!
We've got standard buttermilk, plus a rotating fancy flavor.
This month's is spiced date!
both kinds come with housemade syrup.
i am a full time college student soon to be living on my own again, with an internship and a job, i need to save moneyyss
So, do you think that GM should have gone under?
Is there a difference between a corporation who employs so many
worst idea ever.
Next.
When I was a kid, most things were closed on nationally recognized holidays.
Now, it seems nothing closes for anything..,
this girl said james franco is ugly.
bitch, do you want to die?
I watched some this morning!
They're so addicting!
Wonder what they'll do for  200?
I'm not falling asleep, I concentrate better with my eyes closed :l
Omg so awkward!
My ex is here Oo
Mark's pants are fucking legit.
I wish i could pull them off.
Where is , slone ?
Shawty got potential I could be a sponsor
Just let her talk shit all she wants.
Theres no way she'll get between youhunter.
It makes her look stupid.
There are many business options that require small efforts and capital, but that is not the case with the music industry
I keep waiting for the NCAA to announce that last night's performance by the Anthony Davis Five was just an April's Fool Stunt, but....
Beerbelts and Moonshine RT Well it looks like I'm going to the Spring game tomorrow with
Hahaha amen!
:D You tell em!
yeah I'm embarrassed  and it's still not done!
RT : Commit to the process.
What will be will be.
Love is like two people pulling a rubber band.
If one lets it go, it hurts the on who held on.
3
Cheesecake Factory?!
So jealous.
Bring me some lol.
get yo ass over to art class!
You think you feel ignored?
Ha!
What do you think the Yellow Light goes through every day?
would def.
be interested in dad's feedback; I'm an intern at the museum  might be interested in writing a blog post, etc

Take a chance on 's RebelBingoParty where people win weird prizes and doctornkdance to DJs NancyWhang 
Several new Los Angeles Pokatok practice sessions scheduled for Summer.
Times, dates and locations to be announced.
: I'm following you.
miss you situation!
Let's rage soon!
appreciate the info, but I'm still optimistic for the season and the pitching staff.
keep working hard
what am I?
chopped liver?
Hated by many!
Loved by few!
Respected by all!
I just tell it how it is...
Orgeron grounded out to first but doctorve in one run to extend the Cajuns' lead to 20.
don't jinx it.
also spend a few days in ohio  florida and tell me if u say the same.
77!
Let's Go Giants!
They were brilliant, the councillor said.
Bring your friends and family.
Bundle up and grab a hot coco
RT from Iran: signs today both police and basij may have members sympathetic to us.
Reach out to them now
i dont think people actually read my tweets but thats okay.
HEY GUYS WHATS UP.
obamaCU Your live feed, sucks...
an IPHONE can stream better than this.
ASPECT RATIO!
ABoyfriendShouldAlways call you and talk for hours.
Texting is a friendship thing.
We just tapped Brooklyn Brewery's Mary's Maple Porter...
Delicious!
I feel like we can finally talk!
also Juliette Chung's paper in panel no.
528 aas2011
Hey!
Can you say hey to my friend Kathleen she loves you!
lol : never lied!
Hey Adam, I would love to have you on my radio show in Jerusalem, Israel!
you are confusing things here...the comment you called racist referred to his parents ...not him
okay, wonderful : can't wait!
I have been scheming and I think I have come up with the perfect idea!
That too.
Excellence is not a skill.
It is an attitude.
Ralph Marston
you would probably get behind him and push his ass you sick bastard
had two blocks tonight that were some of the best hustle plays the Bucks have had all season.
I hear you I like it for a beginner its cool stay wit it you got potential now take it to da moon bro
Won't be there for another hour.
Shooting some stuff out on the Promenade tomorrow starting around noon.
If a giant crowd showed up, that would be awesome.
Wink, wink.
lol thanks hannah!
: I am I can only handle so much
Geography of the Meth Epidemic Monica Stephens
I hate when ppl pocket dial me consecutively
So glad you could attend the event!
RT : Great morning event ad4mh great charity to support in Milwaukee
sandiegoDTOWN.com will host an event at Confidential and La Puerta on July 15.
Mark your calendars!
Really cool prizes!
Getting ready for MichaelJackson show tonight tonight by pumping the Greatest Hits in the office right now.
haha..I took a pic with marc yst!
but I didn't get the last book .
John plz prepare for more questions coming to u from janice
who did yhurs
RIP Tony
We have a great dialogue happening about Civic Engagement  our Institute in St.
Paul  thx 2 those who traveled 2 be with us
Im hungry and dont feel goin to get im so lazy lol
So you're saying I shouldn't bother doing laundoctor.
wake up :
Woahhh.
Feeling way better than I have the past few days
Had a great time!
Can't wait to try what's next.
RT : Retweet For A Shout Out !
Google can't lose people's trust, or they'll be lost to competitors
we hope you enjoyed it :
Best weekend of my life.
Guy obviously did an outstanding job.
Who's idea it was to put him on a plane for several hours just to go see a consultant?
Loved the segment but you guys missed the MIDI turntable  scratch tv which was released b4 the devices mentioned
This is the lamest episode of Mama's Family ever.
Oh, it's Taylor Swift...nevermind.
Still better than Rhianna and Coldplay.
Skillsfind content, organize it, criticize it, and USE it.
We need people who can do things, not just talk.
I am loving the best of .....
but it seems like there should be a best balcony award...
NOLA has some great ones.
what happened to Diashini!?
If doesn't start at least 8 games this year for the Seahawks, it'll be an absolute travesty.
have to go with piss a marble ..
shitting a watermelon would tear your ass open.
Let's do the Time Warp again.
At compcloud listening to Adoctoran Gostick talking about engagement  motivation  incentives
That's great news!
You're on our schedule!
See you on Tues :
I am going to tweet you until you follow me.
Expect a tweet every now and then until you follow me.
how are u?
serious?
GA plays GA tech...non conference schools..the hype of this is it border games is ridiculous
Submitted to a number of 2010 film fests.
Now trying to organize a local sneak preview towards the end of February...
Want to have the best gift at the babyshower ?
Give Toot Away.
They'll laugh.
Then thank you a million times after the baby is born.
LOL I don't get it...
kicking ass
Great info on ConsumerVue.
Good to see you guys spreading correct information about the PDR
ImThatPersonWho cant stay mad at you
Tonight will tell all!
Game 7.
When your dad is secretly a bitch to the same person you hate : thanks for takin my side dad, love you 3
it s you tho: Santana is perfect:D
aww well it was nice to see u
ADHD Allies uses facebook to support adults with ADHD: community, resources, videos, stats.
Pretty well done by McNeil Pediatrics.
http: ...
Who will press for change in our arts organizations?
Many forces support the status quo.
Just got my DVD in the mail, then ran into Cupid himself, !
Happy times!
WHY IS THERE CAT HAIR EVERYWHERE
lmao Cal you got SERVED !!!RT Aahh, then say doctorve the Maxima Cal!
You know me better then that 
realization : I'm always all about summer classes beforehand, and when they finally start I hate myself for taking them
We felt shaking, but thought it was a big truck doctorving by our office in Pt.
Loma.
RT : Did you feel shaking?
We're looking...
Today at my home church was special.
It was the 20yr reunion of the 1st song I EVER led with a choir.
Jesus Is Real I gave God my all toda
checking The Twitter screen options...finally!!!
Pastry chefs have my heart.
They work so hard  are scientists to some extent  and don't always get the nods.

that's great!
Allergies were taking my voice hostage all week.
Got some students asking about internships.
Are you all offering some for the summer?
So bored!
: really don't want to go to school tomorrow!!!
:
I'm already done with the NBA for the year.
RT : This ain't like kindergarten where you could doctor hump a bitch at nap time and rest easy that all you could get was cooties.
See you tomorrow :
good.
Who'd you stay with?
FREE LEGAL FORMS, ANY STATE COURT, 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOK SERIES ON AMAZON.COM/ ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
I know I laughed so hard my sides were hurting I would love to see that episode again is the show on dvd?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Hope this day will be EXTRA special for you.
Enjoy it!
is this fair trade cocaine?
time to.send the.goones lol
Was it the fitted sheet?
NO ONE should be judged for their ability to fold the fitted sheet...
I think I am going to beauty blog today.
Also I think I need to talk about my look lately and why it kind of upsets people.
UT to hire Cutcliffe.
What sense does it make to force out a coach then hire his coordinator two years later.
I wonder if it's a bad time to order pizza right now???
Oo
So while everyone's tweeting about Austin doing AUSTREAM I'm sitting here sad cause I cant watch it /3
Does that involve alcohol?
If so, we're in!
Today is CA's 30th annual Day of the Teacher!
Sincere thanks, especially to LBUSD teachers who brought 5,200 5th graders to LBMA this year!
Today is such a beautiful day!
:
Guess you don't know nobody no more huh?ATL on 
How exciting, real people followed me today.
It doesn't happen as often as it used to.
Welcome and :
It had me at vi keys.
Be a singer.
That's All I Really Wanna Do.
Go Pacers!
Good luck, Rickie n Prince!
In my first 2 months of college I became managing member of an LLC in order to help marginalized women overseas find hope.
is holding a BIG singles / dating contest next month  looking for sponsors.
200 in prizes so far.
DM for details and pls RT!
Had a client practice new to Emisterletting one eye technician take charts home to input data for the next day.
Talk about juggling grenades.
reception at 5p.m.
for new OSU Libraries Director, Carol Diedoctorchs, doctor Gee  other VIPs welcoming her
did you know?The average garden variety caterpillar has 248 muscles in its head.
Love life while we're still alive.
Woke up feelin really good!
Trend of the Week: Radiant in Red 'Tis the season for scarlet hues considering all the red we saw strutting down the red carpet this week
Clouds look like a lot of things except like clouds, definition of identity crises.
Heavy rain expected in Portland area starting tonight all through thanksgiving!!
Sigh.
Is this the beginning of the end of nice weather?
you were the first one.
My mission statement is to be awesome.
take notes, I want a report ....
:
OMG we have been BFFs for almost 2 years and have not even met in person yet!
Local: Buy One get One Free Holiday Arrangement!
Act Now Limited Supply Call 4194759646
It's kind of ironic that my ex called and then the song Jar of Hearts came on the radio..
Gemini can be one of the most committed signs BUT not before playing the field 1st.
My mom is better than your mom!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful moms out there!!
Got to meet Nikki Sixx and saw Florence  the Machine perform...that's a good Tuesday!
aww.
Well hopefully he starts tweeting again :
The map from home to work is a solid red line.
I'll never get there.
Sigh
haha yeah yeah I'm good I'm good :
thats apart of life, get use to it!
Up to my neck: n goat getting ready for tonight's goat dinner.
First course.
Curry scented goat carpaccio, Rita, potato chips.
sam stays on his couch when he is in NYC
Music tonight 8 p.m.: Hurricane Howie, New Orleans Piano
BoltBus just stopped at a BK in Connecticut and EVERYONE walked in and ordered ice cream
I think he doesn't have one n ur the cute one here :3
Your body is adaptable, with remarkable capacities to heal.
Empower it as much as you can through your lifestyle.
The 100 Year Lifestyle
As did Junior and Matsui.
They were on the mat together and Cam just rolled over and started licking Jacks forehead.
Jack doesn't seem to like it.
ha no definatly not.
Dude have you ever ate here is insane...im scared
projectX is pretty funny, but is was more baddass then anything else..
I really need to take my contacts out, my eyes are starting to hurt :
That's right NeNe!
Keep them a child as long as they wanna be one because later on...WHEW GIRL!!
LOL
I dont want this night to end!
3
Another great guest tonight: The fabulous DJ PIERCE ala Shangela from Ru Paul's doctorg Race....FIERCE!
no problem.
i couldn't find your name when i went to post it, or i would have credited you!
i'm in abington  close by :
My mom AND my dad love Call Me Maybe...
Well done :
Friday the 13th!
weather looks like it going be bad
Grading P6 today.
Woo.
Hah, thanks.
It is pretty piratey.
RT : Hello!
It's damp  rainy here.
We saw the new episode, it is so funny.
Love your show!
Rumor has it that is going out of business.
They were our print partner for years and will be missed.
My father had a professorund influence on me, he was a lunatic.
There is a time for work.
And a time for love.
That leaves no other time.
Coco Chanel
while you are negating the personal sovereignty of another group of people.
This is absolutely hypocritical.
heywe have the same birthday!!
In those moments we take time to be thankful for very specific things in our life, right now, today  our cup is getting filled.
ListOfTurnOns: Hugs from behind, kissing my neck, biting on my neck, lip biting, whispering in my ear.
Congratulations on the milestone, Sarah!
good luck tonight !
See you Friday :
Looking forward to exploring the walks around San Jose w scanjose.org
Why the hell was i so pissed off about losing 120 at ?
Been on wat u mean??
RT : so u finally get on
thanks!
Pleasure meeting you too!
Come out to Shore Club on May 5th, I'm spinning
Thanks WEVL for being so rockin
Do I want McDonalds for supper?
IDK I'm feeling it.
It's a party for only girls, to eat sausage and watch Patrick Swayze movies.
Mm.
I choose to see it as a delicious act of counterfeminism
Closed LONG USDJPY for 1 pips professort; 6 of the community volume is trading the USDJPY with sentiment 32 SHORT
Just got out of school, stph didn't wait for me as usual, she's getting it tommarow lol ;
you should get me SO many posters!:D like a BUNCH!:D 333
It makes me think of a female Flava Flav.
oh but can u hangout later
What an awesome job the Denver team has done w/ !
I know exactly how much work it takes to make this event so wonderful.
Kudos!!
what is the favorite so far for the Divish first child name poll?
I still say Alex Divish!
i'm down
where did u see matt bomer?
All furniture built.
Audio equipment set up.
Everything is coming together perfectly.
I said Canvassing for Obama.
I wasn't aware he was either.
I'm glad I'm not your friend
QoTD: Every individual has a place to fill in the world and is important, in some respect, whether he chooses to be so or not.
Nath ...
hey!
Thanks for the follow!
Congrats Hilary Duff on delivering your first Even Stevens, looks like your OB/GYN has ComeOutToPlay today
You don't get it.
How da fuck Ur moms and grandma sexier than u ?
Hoe hit
Xmas Tweets: Mom and Dad arguing about mashed potatoes, while wife stutters through her lie about why she really wants to go to Carson's.
Matt placed 3rd in the skiercross competition at Granite peak !
glad you liked it!
thanks for the spotlight.
At roughly 350M of us that is close to 2.2 Billion pounds of trash a day!!!
yay!!!
Thank u for sharing this info...
I'll download and donate :
Great to hear!
TY!
; RT : you are always our choice and believe: you have the best concierge in the world: Walter.
You are called like the apostles to make God known to others.
I think so just another way to gain presence on the net.
Annette  sometimes we have a love hate relationship
Everyone is following this hero, correct???
So tear another page from the book Are you asleep or just alone?
Clear this room from your lungs
Finally bought Greyson's hold on 'til the night special asia edition  1D's Up All Night !!!!!!
ringalinglinggg!
Hello?
Hi Vicky!!
Thanks for the follow!!
xoxoxo love,
Yo, im at SMX in AZ.
Social Media conference.
Send your humans here next time.
I mentioned knowem, they were on it like flies on s.
So there's these two young men who stole my heart  Austin Mahone and Matt Hunter
Don't mind me...just sitting here thinking of your bootylicious.
What a Wednesday!
What a good morning it is.!
Lol
I'm gonna go write.
I'm gonna pour a vodka orange juice.
Smoke a blunt and write this song because I got words seeping out.
This is an annual tradition we started yrs ago in our cul de sac.
Kids r all grown up now but we still do it every year!
Here's a gem: When being musically 'creative' all else pales into oblivion, until the piles of letters fall over.
Wishing a very fabulous birthday to an amazing boss and even more wonderful person!!
yeah, i know it'd suck alot!
:P But y'know you'll find someone exactly like that one day, as loving and caring as austin
One of my grandfather's died right before T was born.
I think of it every time T's birthday rolls around.
dear can't wait to see the what line up is for the coke stage this year :D
The 7 Figure Speaking Empire iPhone app is now available for the iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad!
Open App store and search MVP  Associates!
Just ran 10 miles, 7 to Lambeau Field and did the Packers 5k after.
LaurenTake 90 or 94 to get to Indiana, then resume normal travel plans.
LSD/55 will be closed.
and I was replying to your awesomeness tweet
On Feb.
29, 1896 the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad entered into receivership.
Facebook has changed the landscape.
We are onstage whether we want to be or not.
globeinsiders,
all of my dirtywork is not appropriate for Twitter...
Is it bed time yet?
I'm off now.
: RT : what time u get off of work?
Why am I still here?
:/
Even tho I'm angry at I'm excited to see her ugly ass :
I swear every one got a hair cut today
How did people fare now that NaNoWriMo is over?
Are you catching up on sleep right now?
: AfternoonDelite Question1: What's a food that you would like to use during a sexual experience: Cinnamon Rolls....LOL!!
that pitch was painful!
even if it is edited for tv to look like this.
if he interrupted every single time...not cool!!!
I can't stop watching this what not to wear marathon!!
Ah
Thank you to the new followers  342 does not make me Blue!
So what did you do today?
I graded 15 essays, went through half a box of kleenex, and doctornk a gallon of water.
Julian, Can you say happy Birthday to Zoe!
shes one of my bestfrienndss :
I am stunned U R the most creative intellegent talent person on the show
Wowee!
A real person I don't know is following me!
Thanks, !
It's the small things in my world.
I can't get enough of the pit beef and collard greens from
: Come for the real Matt Branham, stay for the naked Bill Murray background.
Who was the first president of the USA ?
JESUS
hey hey
Come get some, you little bums.
I got a lot, and you can't get none.
The gods too are fond of a joke.
Aristotle
When your bored, creativity strikes
Thanks for following back and welcome!
X
0ld School Jam  Santa Ana Star Center this Sunday!
im not lol XD i do the same before i accept a person
running the board for the game vs the New Jersey Nets on
If you guys haven't yet but go follow my original account
Great discussion today on education
Bring on the Devils!!!!!!
help us SAVECACS and get that same support for Victims of Child Abuse Act.
W/o help kids can grow up to be adult
I was watching something on TV talking about disciplining your child, I just have a hard time yelling at Gavin, he is too cute!
I think so, at least until senility sets in, should have a few good years left.
I just wanted to say hi to everyone before i go to school
has same interests as NBA star : Congrats to the Minnesota Lynx on being the World Champions!!!
don't forget brain soup, brain nachos, fried brain, brain lo mien, pickled brain, brain omelet, beer battered brain...
That's crazy!
Thank you so much!
I think I'm gonna post a new one everytime I gain 1k so yea..
Glad you liked it : 3
We will announce some awesome contest next week!
Stay Tuned...
how?
Haha.
Are you gonna try to come with us?
Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang/Taylor Gang
highfive thank you!
Did you know that you were snapped by the google earth streetview cam?
Totally stand out in your jersey!
Will do  hit me up  let's build.
yeah you're right
you got yourself a deal
Sleep Call me at 9:30
Teague, Davis, Lamb, Wildcats unbelievable game!
i love looking at zumies online...
want EVERYTHING!
Why everybody hating on Mayweather?!
Wish Brian Williams would've doctorpped the personal questions, focused on the national issues more, really sad debate
got any suggestions on books i can read up on this??
Had a full day of airsoft today.
Fun, good and tired.
it's too stressful.
Straight off the boat..
I gotta get to sleep early morning good night all
I think I'm going to go see Mucca Pazza this week.
Excited for the Final Four featuring Ohio State!
are you having a bad day?
The RealTime Beta is addicting.
Oh, God.
It took me a minute to figure out what was going on there.
I thought it was super NSFW!!
Lowhung pregnancy!
sure not!
lol no they just look alike I think Omarion is older
Guys, hold the phone, the bachelorette starts tonight.
Okay.
I got a lot of video ideas.
Work on my channel this weekend!
So excited will c Cirque De Soleil, Love in Vegas Baby!
My life is so amazing Thank u God
You're right, can't argue with that at all...
Hope you have a blast!
I'm going to walk the 12 blocks or so back to my car now  then make myself work out.
I hope.
Feels like the days get longer each day
Now you have a family of Spidermen?
That's not so bad, right?
When guys cross their legs when they sit
Just wanted to say nice knowing u all, after I hit the MegaMillions today Peace!
I'm out!!!
Sweet!
Our neighborhood got picked for blue recycle bins!
No more harboring trash in the kitchen!
lol
ohh okay!
cool so you will be with me in will call line!
since the others go in a different line.
and okay that is good!!
Are you feeling better?
I'm glad you had a good day!
I miss you, though.
LOTS.
got racks on racks on racks333 ah!
song is stuck in mah damnn head
i'll never talk to you again
be nice if the haters of lebron would read what the ppl close to him say about him....the ones that matter
When you need me i'm right by your side.
But when i need you, your nowhere to be found.
Why can't you be there for me like I am for you?
When you get fake nails for so long then don't have them you feel weird.
oh man!
God times!
I like big macs
Interested in learning Salsa This class will turn you into a salsa pro in 10 short weeks.
Just vacationing I guess lol
Have wit  wisdom?
Poise  panache?
The ability to swoon a geneticallyenhanced dolphin?
Creative writers wanted!
Flavor notes for this nespresso pod  burnt plastic, charcoal, finish reminds me of exhaust fumes.
Apparently was supposed to be at the boys school tonight but couldn't make it
Great win today Brewers!
Great pitching by Wolf....
must've been the full moon...
aaaahhhhh!!!!
Stuck on a plane on the ground at lax for 30 minutes with no free gate arrvd early.
Now late!
Really wonder why I didn't throw football around south campus shirtless last year.
Oh wait, no I don't.
thank you!!
XOXO!
8:30 tonight!
Still want to go to the winter festival this weekend?
I am creating plans for the 2012 success coach conference.
Very exciting.
.......I actually liked it
What a bizarre night.
Hm.
Sorry man.
what about consoles those cables will still float around.Nay.
no way you serious?!
while in the presence of crackheads, watch your shit.
Pulling quotes from 's Jail No Bail to be put on the Friendship Nine's soon coming twitter feed.
They did a great job with this.
RT : The FLESH thrives on Noise,Activity,Competition  Busyness.
The SPIRIT thrives on Silence,Stillness, Solitude  Scripture.
Perfect week for a movie!
Teens Through Time film series features: I Know What You Did Last Summer Wednesday 5/25  4:30p in the Rines!
Friends sweet sixteen tonight 
I don't Look for work..I'd Rather Create Opportunities
follow me ??
Watching the Republican debates with
Brad, are you still in and Got Next for our tennis challenge this summer?
I like how uses my twitter to mention herself.
Wow, really?
How could women EVER like sports?
That's insanity.
/sarcasm
Awww Man I Love My Bitches!!!!
So many of my favorite things in one.
New Orleans and the Denver Broncos.
Welcome to Denver Tracy!
Milwaukee tweeps: I need an A/V genius who can help us with our TV remote issues.
Recommendations?
My sister keeps calling my friend a bitch
LOVE IT!
Part 2, FF Thanks to all who shared their story on twitter last wk:
I think I might take a nap during lunch!
when is our aniversery
hell yeah let's punch them
Day 1 of the transformation has begun!
Congrats to Lisa Hoak for being our 1,000th fan!
Hey Lisa  DM us your email so we can give you that Dirty Ball ticket!
just out here kickin it getting ready for may 20th
If you just tuned in we are live at Javas on Main Street in LeRoy Marge Fitzsimmons shares her diagnosis of conversion disorder.
Hey, good to meet a fellow inkstained wretch .
I look forward to our conversations.
please tweet happy birthday
I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
Thomas Szasz
lovely pic as usual
The text I just sent 
InTheSummer I forget what day of the week it is.
A single conversation across the table with a wise person is worth a month's study of books
Yes.
My research is on online war music videos, and several involved memorialization or tribute.
can you follow me back please
Respect to da fallin!
SALUTE!!
10 beats today will be downloadable n honor for dem!
1st beat will come n 30mins.!
p.a.i.n is released den
Come On by Green River Ordinance.
yup, perfect.
Food Fact of the Day: April 23, 1985 CocaCola announced it was changing its 99 year old secret formula.
New Coke was a big flop.
Welcome !
Nice to Tweet you!
follow back :D
JayZ, doctorke, Kid Ink, Curreny, Wiz Khalifa
hi love:
what's going on in Hot Springs today?
du pioneers that's what!!
I stay away from niggas that could land me in some trouble.
Me and oomf get along so good im shocked
ALL you ever do is call me.
Nordstrom bistro dinner w/ mom, new makeup  did serious damage at coach.
Now gossip girl before bed!
BEST Monday night :
New HH menus are available online at www.chefgeoff.com under restaurant name  menus
Ditto I don't believe they're the only ones either but it still sucks.
Didn't need anything to tarnish our Superbowl win.
My cousin brought me three mangos!
:
Rusty spur wit my girl
Shove your shoes up your ass!
Follow and ill Do da Samee for you.
Leggo!
She seems all good now but when u grow up u gone see the things u Nevin a woman u can't find it in a lil girl true story
You're begging for attention and it's fucking irritating.
I cried for hours this morning and I can still fake a smile so just fucking stop.
Wow today has been the day from the freaking twilight zone!
If you followed me, I'd mean the world.
Stay GRAND :
oh my bad I was talking about the seat in the concert O.e I'm old and confused.
There were only a few people standing in front
Love that show!!
RT : Watching Shark Tank with
Hello goddess!
Thanks for RT on my son in the navy!!!
I'm gonna watch the Spanish channel, even though I don't understand it, just because pirates of the Caribbean is on
can you bring an album out already?!
omfg.
somebody why finally understands!
lord thank you Jesus !!
Spring Grant Cycle announcement on applications  information coming soon, stay tuned!
RT : We don't make pita but I like to enjoy my hummus with Spuntino or
ok...
truth by numbers...
The Orioles need to average 2 victories, per week, thru the rest of the season if they wanna reach 60 wins ...
Kendoctorck went too hard for the dub tonight haha
Good morning!
Shout out 2 parents who give up their saturdays 2 help their childoctorn find their destiny  fulfill their doctorams..

forcing himself to be happy  carefree in the face of poisonous thoughts.
So, let's find some positively cool news to share...
Just checked in at spinks barber shop time to get chopped up...
Really great!
All the pieces are coming together nicely  now we just can't wait to see the questions that are submitted
that's why you by garlic already minced in a jar.
Last one awake....
Job well done boys.
Nobody likes bitches, but sometimes people make that bitch in us come out quite easy;
ight fuck dog i wanna get all faded with you!
neither does your husband!
Save for a small handful of songs I really don't care for them.
hello: remind me?
This ain't the life that we chose but its the life that were living.
Know we belong on the top but we ain't tripping.
Cus we gonn get there
lol my fave besides prince Royce of course
lol!
No cake pops for you!
U can have a little indulgence you know?
So you don't go splurge on junk
haha pretty much...ive switched from studying to deciding which life threatening injury would be the least painful
Ryan can u follow back so we can DM?
Wanna talk some pigskin on our show.
Thanks dude.
how have you been?
BetYouDidntKnow Hitler was ticklish.
Haha, that's funny
you smash at the bet honor show....
You did that and that note I thought u were Mariah!
that make one of you ; jk
Congrats on 3 million x
coffee, helluva doctorg
thank you!
Chargers Suck.
It's official.
I am pretty low.
Its kind of a weird day.
I think I need to be little and watch cartoons and cry.
:
I have a test next period o:
Good job Lakers!!!!
That's awesome!
Sharing the love is good for the soul.
Welcome to NYC.
;
Just saw guy in Latrell Sprewell jersey.
Unfortunately 33 these are the new Cowboys.
don't make 'em like they used to.
asian pear.
currently watching hanna
check ur stuff babe ...
Downloading SCP 087.
I fully expect to need to be held in about a half hour.
always lol im cool tho just ready to get back
Roasted squirrel futures are up on news the GOP will cancel food stamp program.
Zombies unaffected so far.
via
Fun day outside!!!
IF UR DAY BECOMES FUCKED UP AND STINKS LIKE MONKEY BALLS, IT'S NOT MY FAULT!!
GOODNIGHT GODBLESS!!
Are you a Cancer?
If so, I hope I haven't ruined it for you!
not sure.
Saw the preview before Beauty and the Beast and it was amazing!
:
640 million dollars worth of lotto tickets I'm going to disappear
Cant decide who has the better hot Latina accent...
or thoughts or ?
I'm sure I know.
Working on a simple animation for a new poetry video.
Simple, relatively speaking.
Thanks Breesa!
When are we gonna hear a Breesa Track?
Last day to leave a review of LP w/o registering on LooseCubes.
Help us represent NOLA  make their Top 10 List of co working spaces!...
we would choose a lowcalorie, organic Willo Cocktails margarita of course ;
R.i.p.
Whitney Houston.
Way too young to die
Awesome!
MT : On same plane as I recognized you because of your Wikipedia laptop.
Ninety percent in life is showing up!
Anonymous
Great meeting and others at tonight's ict4d may2dc tweet up
No one will understand my love for The Big Bang Theory!!
If a guy likes me has to put it in a love song.
Tipsy time
I seriously hate when I bring food to rehearsal and people mooch
slcwebinar Narrating your work imagine everyone is in same room  get conversation going that helps others get to know you.
live at our Camp Randall location from 36pm!
In years past Coach Bielema, Barry Alvarez, and past players have stopped by!
RT Closing Prayer: God of mercy, I praise you for your abiding presence, in all generations, and the blessings you bestow.
RT : I've kicked for a cause with Radio City Christmas Spectacular's Kicking Across America!
I can't believe I'm tweeting about this but watching that tennis match today...holy smokes!
Those guys are incredible!
Oh cool!
Do keep me posted, that sounds awesome!
I'm gonna love you through it
doctorving while your hair decides to flip out the window to say hi to everyone comes back in to slaps you in the face!
Just submitted my first article to a certain magazine.
Now, I wait anxiously.
i wish i could of went to one of your welcometoparidise concerts.
Even tho i couldnt i still love and support you!
143 3
Too busy taking notes to tweet but handouts on history bldg environment issues session are downloadable
What2ChainzWouldSay My raps simple..ABCs, but I got them dope analogies, I'm countin money..123's, when da cameras flashing..I say CHEESE!!
Lots of interesting discussions here at RIT about future of technology and education.
Charging around the campus like a loose electron!
i miss my family
what PG are to in?
You scared the crap outta me thinking I missed my PG meeting or worse, I was loosing my mind!
oh i know right!
He's my idol lol i'm jealous that he called you!
:p
welp I'm going back to my cartoons
are your handwriting skillz as atrophied as mine?
breathe ...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA You guys are crazy!
How are we not in Twitter Jail yet.?
Speaking of bad syfy movies: did by any chance did you see Moby Dick 2010.
It was beyond horrible,yet I couldn't stop watching
I don't think that'll happen.
I bet it goes to a game 7
I'm tired if reading these damn stories and answering questions.
you do suck less: That's great!
haha I don't think you're ready
no bike yet.
Should have it by this weekend

Forced marriages and early pregnancies can be a health risk and deprive girls of important opportunities.
Norway at
off to the shop!
Great workout at Core Cardio Class yesterday!
RT: : My abs are killing me today.
Thanks for that.
haven't told still thinking about running away
Fresh prince of belaire 
Lindsey, thanks for the kind shout out : You're great!
nobody evvaa beats me!!!!
i remember that game
NowPlaying  StedE  Hybrid Heights StedE  Hybrid Heights vs Bingo Players Up n Rattle
Carrying so many bags feel rich af
yep follow me and I follow back!
I'm a cheap doctornk.
Wow the Knicks look like a brand new team!
I think I like Gorewhore the most.
LOL Great work!!!!
or when one fat ass takes up two seats  hate that.
Good, but depressing.
I'm also in the middle of reading the Hunger Games series, and as an American History buff it just makes me feel a little....revolutiony.
So much homework is due tomorrow.
I have to do 30 freaking assignments..
Shouldn't have put it off.
Eh.
Still have a 96 and 98.
tired of hearing about GOP plans to force the next great depression but it might seem worse when it actually starts in a few weeks.
totally!
Except less badges and even MORE cookies!
we're sad, too.
EABF 2012!!

im Boy Crazi !
gimme sum
Absolutely, I've found my superior footwork on the dfloor is highly transferable to my low post game.
I'll teach you some lessons.
Learn to enjoy your free time.
Figure out a bucket list.
Harder than you think.
money in the polo wallet make the wallet heavy
yo  I really wanna put my face in someone's pussy n our class.
lol bet u cnt guess who?
got it yesterday!
Nicely executed.
come people, need viewer.
Go to YouTube type.
Grandson gets brain freeze.
.!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
I love that paleodiet isn't difficult to follow.
I'm usually full and I have no cravings.
My energy is high.
GM randy how was vday?
evil Koch bros own paper co that makes tp  not sure which one so we are boycotting use of ANY toilet paper until further notice!
Yes it is!
What do you think?
RT : Is that a fancy new logo!
AmericanPickers Some of these dudes on this show really have nothing but garbage in their house!
Its Yves Saint Laurent Fall 2011 collection.
:
My mind is tired.
who's next?
Do tell...
Apparently making your way through apartments is really hard!
but I've been saying it.
Yes I think some would.
Maybe then we should do our own programming on ghosts that comes at the topic from a different angle.
Go knock on something wooden you fool.
Let's go Badgers!
Orange is just a wimpy version of red.
come back to La La!
I know you want pinkberry!
X
What a great AWESOME burlesque show tonight!!
I'm so proud to be your guy!
All of the performers were Amazing!!
Excuses, excuses, excuses...at what point exactly will you start taking responsibility for your actions?
Awe, thanks.
You're the best!
Thanks to anyone who has used Interfolio over the years; we've shipped our four millionth document!
LMAOO Bro come over here ASAP
SAN ANTONIO INVADES DALLAS ALL STAR WEEKEND February 11th 14th...We got your nightlife covered so get ready to PARTY PARTY PARTY!
I feel MUCH better after looking at those heels on your professorle pic!
I Wanna Be Famous .
Listen to My Covers Then You Will See ...
Would love to connect with you during ctia if you are attending.
Please DM me if you are available.
On this Veterans Day, thanks to all the brave men and women who have served our great nation.
So exciting re: Horse Shows!!!
Yay!
So fun!
Love the horses!!!
Congratulations!
: Born.
I'm feeling good and in that mood haha
Lol Carlos Lee.
Good Afternoon Warriors!!!!!!!!!!
LOL!
ThingsParentsSay 'This is my house' but when it comes time to clean its magically my house too.
Feel better soon and get lots of rest!
I be sure to check for it and thanks for support
: Brodney Pool has signed with the Cowboys according to Jason Garrett.
Boomer Sooner.
is one of the most talented and charismatic performers i'm met to date!
My mentor from The Voyager Company days!
Worst hair on : Zusi, Convey, Kamara.
Nothing but good to cheer you up and escape reality.
:
Wait  I need some of that!
MT  It's Taco Tuesday!
Today we're featuring Pork Meatball Tacos in a Soft Corn Tortilla
Memorable acts are not on the main stage think small moments in the museum Amina
Hugs from Buffalo!
!!!
Dear lady at Zacky's hogging up a table while it's busy and you are waiting for a friend and not ordering yet.
You know you're guilty....
I should be a bartender, I make the best tasting doctornks 
On a separate note, totally just doctorve by the church I used to always have sex at.
Lulz.
Oops.
yeah i know.
Im glad i accpeted you .
I coudlnt be any happier then i am with you
gorgeous guy works out at gym at lunchtime.
weve sort of eyed each other.
2 nervous 2 start a conversation.
Why am i a chickenshit!
Tried to comment on your Soup post but I'm not sure if it worked.
Let me know.
It wanted me to log onto WordPress.
Vendor!
Golden Mountain Crafts: Jennifer Baron  Greg Langel  cards, cuffs, tees, '60s housewares, ephemera, cassettes, LPs.
Know someone who needs an apartment in Kansas City?
Tell them about AMLI Clear Creek, we'll thank you with 400 when they move in!
The Charlotte date isn't until July 30th so I think my order will be here just in time!
:
Maybe if you weren't so stupid, I wouldn't act so crazy
You shouldn't even be surprised when a friend turns out to be a busta.
You know how this world is.
how r u doing do u still use facebook if so u can add me on it at and i send u a myspace friend request
Just noticed Futurama invented sharktopus in their first season.
I want a friendship like the girls off of Pretty Little Liars.
I never could have Imagined that all these amazing things could be happening for me...
Today I am Thankful to be blessed :
The monday after the show is a holiday, so no reason not to come early and stay late as well as enjoy all the after parties FEB19TH
BTW: Born This Way or By The Way?
There's def going to be some food porn tonight.
Can't wait!
:
What have you done for WE lately?
A lot of people preach, but too few of us move our feet.
Big 'thank you' to all veterans  your service is greatly appreciated.
FreedomIsn'tFree
arentyoutiredof slow doctorvers?
I know I am.
Happy Easter
Spoke with about heading to Rwanda?
Wouldn't that be humbling.
Seeing EdTech in such a serious environment.
is reporting that I64 is backed up
Thanks for writing about Of Dolls  Murder.
And thanks for being thorough researcher.
Hope to see you on the 25th!
Luck Luck will doctorve you buttbatty.
Would love a meatball sub right now lol
hopes to make community sharing easier, more accessible and safer.
Pitching now at
I'm going back to sleep
I THERE!
vote for him thankss
never give up...just revise the plan and move ahead.
And the Hawks, well they are still the Hawks.
The softest most uninspired team in the league
See you at red arrow
Worth repeating.
p2 Limbaugh What a fool believes, a wise man has the power to reason away.
Michael McDonald
Haha aww I miss being on the SDSU campus!
Best of luck to us this season...
too selfserving?
:
Adam.
Hey baybaaaaay!
Me and luv ya man.
was also 5 for 47 at the beginning of the second game I believe?
I'm about to roll up out of bed just for some food.
Noodles sound so good right about now.
FatAss!
ya after every game
Everyone wants a donation
it's a tough life you live my friend!
i gotta get on my game now that i'm back in SD.
let me know when you wanna play torrey!
then it is.
I just made a youtube video of Put Your Hearts Up tweet me if you wanna see it and i'll send you the link!
Questioning whether or not I really like some of the people I follow on twitter
The skipppeeee made me laugh..
have a good weekend..
Friday fun!
Our email is down, so please call the office at 414.273.1173 if you need to contact us.
poor justin RT if you suport justin and want him to feel better :
Reading about the RAM Copy Doctrine; I find it counterintuitive that RAM copies made during normal execution are relevant to copyright.
To my swedge neighbors, Parking lots are not a development strategy.
That is all.
I need a break from people n there stupidity.
Thank you Honolulu doctorvers for sandwhiching my car in a accident.
AcuraDeath :/
Just started with !
I'm their new worldwide community manager.
One day in and they've already given me four new toys.
nope!
Resourceful!
why do people post pictures of animal abuse and child neglect on facebook?
likes aren't gonna solve the problem, bitches.
Today was awesome
Good morning!
How's it going?
ik rt.
Feel like I missing out
One class today..
thank u GOD.
NEED 20 MORE
Beck's accent in this episode omg
Crazy bank refused an offer on a Orlando short sale.
Digging in for a battle here!
RT : who broke Twitter.
Also send energy 'cuz I am dead tired.
Hoping for a swift recovery.
We may have to change/postpone travel plans.
Alright, I'm up, kid fed, laundoctor started, kitchen cleaned, Emmas room cleaned and its only 10am.
hi my names devon.
but you can call me DEV.
for short.
; I love so0o0o0o0o0o00o0o0o much.
OMGZ
weres joe stapleton?
u guys doin great commentary u know there thought process
It would be funnier to put soup in front of people with a fork.
in Bostons St.
Patrick's Day Parade 2012 Is Here!!
South Boston begins at 1 p.m., on Sunday, March 18th.
That's what we said!
On my first day of school my parents doctorpped me off at the wrong nursery
Of course!
Enjoy your week and don't eat too much of the delicious chocolate ;.
A: Not I : BUT, hoping you guys will tweet from there and keep me in the loop
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
Marilyn Monroe
North Carolina: God's country.
possibly....but that is a little on the older side.
I have a class of 5th graders who I would love to get in a quad.
Well good things always come to an end.
But you'll see, Spurs are gonna beat that ass in six 
I was like what's wrong with being a virgin.
And they were like but you're 16 and I was just like and im not a slut like you guys
well..homework time :
Treated myself to an iPad
I hope u get explosive diarrhea on the train ride home!
Is on my broadway kick
heading to rehearsal
nice I'm from the US..
: what time is it over there?
Our Twitter just passed 200 followers!
Thanks to everyone for the support, big season ahead...
I feel bad for the people that don't know the area....
whenever I get mad, I just imagine a trex trying to pick up a basketball.
hahahaha
RT  That will give New England the help it has been seeking at right guard.
Waters, who worked out for the Patriots on Saturday.
Traveling with pomegranates
I talked to you on the livestream chat, I'm Justin.
Solidarity from Indiana stay strong Atlanta :
I've loved and I've lost!
I'm laughing at EVERYTHING
I Blaze to enhance my spirit.
Thanks for the scare!
xo
I didn't know lol.
U tryna give me a ride tho
Tax deadline  4/17/12.
You have 2 extra days to file your taxes because 4/15 is a Sunday, 4/16 is a mail holiday in DC.
Who doctornk the last cold beer in the fridge without replacing the supply?!?
Strawberry banana smoothie
Book launch, Journey to the World, poetry by Emeryville secondgraders: Wed.
June 1 noon Barnes  Noble Emeryville, free!
Edited by me.
Finished the crimson tide wrestling camp.
I don't want to see any little kids for at least a week.
thanks for the follow!
your computer and Ipod stuff turning off?
we me?
just kidding XD
Thinking about buying something on but changed my mind.
It's the new Rare for me to even buy online.
Now, more rare
I miss you too!!
I'm soo bored!!
February dang it's cold...lol good luck
keep on grinding!
I know it will be a good read!
you think will see your Opening Day tweet before Opening Day?
Can you please play some
It still hasn't hit me that I played my last game at reef
That would be fun to read.
:
k!
I'm following you now!
Yeah, I talk about my sex life in public and on twitter.
Simply cause its great and idgaf who knows it.
9 Days until the Home  Garden Market Dallas  Dallas Market Hall!
Booths  Tickets are still available.
Infowww.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
the website is back up if that matters...
So I totally missed the earthquake since I was potting flowers ....oh well
Well, they worked so hard to baked and transport those cookies...eating them is the polite thing to do.
:
so true!!!
vocals!
I wrote this song and I think you'd be perfect for the chorus.
What's your rate?
If interested PM plz :
Albert Einstein was born on Pi Day
We will be on stage at Playland tonight at 7:30.
Don't miss out!
Also, come find us after our set to buy our 3 song demo!
IF U AINT SEEN IT GO CHECK IT OUT NEW VIDEO!!
DBoy No Feelings://youtu.be/nEkIYy7qr7I via
If I40 in Oklahoma is called Casino Expressway, then it should be called Roadkill Freeway in Texas
Tune in to the Second Amendment Show on 1310 AM in Canandaigua or 1590 AM in Brockport.
I'll be on live at 11:07!
Them: You dont like her?
Me: Naw I hate that hoe!
lmao
Really?
on red/orange switch?
So glad you are liking it!!
Jeans skinny, like Squidward.
Pls RT  Paypal is not able to be secure do not trust, do not use.
Not now.
Not even with the https or little 'lock' icons.
Busted.
That's why he wouldn't let us look at them.
I need free ones
One Direction?
YeahILoveThat band so much :
I think maybe I do...haven't tried it yet.
What email addy should I send it to?
I hope everyone is having a wonderful day Im going like crazy and loving it
We should like over the summer : I've kicked it with her lately.
And aaw cool!
Omg your 18 already!
with your old ass lol
AOOOOOU is quite a shitty Scrabble hand.
Is that called a hand?
hi Linda.
Left you a couple of email messages since affcon in Miami.
Hope everything is ok by u.
lets talk soon, ok?
Troy Polamalu has the better hair.
his flys like the wind when he runs.
maybe because its black and not blonde.
Clay has good hair too!
a man and a woman found are dead in montrose.
heading down there to get more details.
: Can't top listening to Way Bacl by Have you downloaded it yet?
we need hugs!!!
Doin big i see!
hi, i saw your limearita tweet last week, where did you by it?
can't find it anywhere!
Loooooooooool 3 plus ten, ok Brent ok
B!!
NO Tweetin at work Mane !!!
What am I paying U 4 ?!!
Get Better Mane!!!
Where's Ur Coat At
yikes....may have to home school my daughter..lol
Getting ready to shower, hears thumps coming up the stairs: Me: screams Mom walks around the corner.
Thanks for giving me a heart attack.
Welcome to the neighborhood Crumbs Bake Shop!
Cleveland Radio worst in Ohio.
on Season 4 already.
It's so good!!
Scribbler presentation.
How do you compare to Docusign?
Nice headline on your doughnuts and cops post!
We get you the best coverage at the best price, to best suit your needs.
Thank you, princess spambot!
Yes.
RT Can you add Pinterest password to our Google doc?
Your team your school your logo  www.varsityjackets09.com
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE make that horrible sky cam stop.
Worst angle ever!!!!
I can breathe now.
Niners!
ohh how I do.
I'm kind of digging Mako or whatever his name is on Korra as well.
The only successful guys from that WR run in the 2nd were Jordy Nelson and Desean Jackson if I remember correctly
Ceelo is simultaneously the most amazing artist and a selfparody.
Hey Aaron Schock fix your damn tie!
Getting hit with challenges daily, but I always overcome them, so not stressing.
Open bar got the best of me
Afternoon Seattle.
Our afternoon sun is back.
Come by for a Panini or 2 especially you techready folks.
Lunch is Ready for ya
Hope you all have a good night, because we've been writing for the last five hours
Is Jonny back to stay??
We sure need him?
Broadcasting Game 2 Suffolk County Hockey Playoffs on MSG VARSITY Tonight!!!!
You look awesome in cap  gown!
CONGRATS!!!
thanks Josh..beautiful people make it easy!
thanks girl!!!
Kinda nervous tho
Thanks Lisa :
walking innocently with and a random guy asks us if we want to buy some weed
Oh,I hate school
Ditto And
NP Lloyd  Players Prayer
you're my boyfriend and it's official :DD lol
Struggling to figure out twitter since games and social networks have been making out so much lately.
: Nice!
I won't kill myself Tonight after all.
Always come in in the clutch!
ThatsOpeForYa!!!
Oh..nvm then
Ah yes, the smell of brats and gyros in the air.
omh facebook won't let me log in :
I will not bend break or fold!
I totally get it.
And you are correct.
It was a good catch for a post I wrote blearyeyed and exhausted.
As always...
If you haven't already received a package from me yet, you should be soon.
I read it recently and just had to share.
:
September 8th  I'm on a team.
You should.
It'd be badass.
I'm probably late to the dance, but just discovered Pandora.
Usually don't like music radio, but this is pretty cool.
Enjoying my Punk mix!
just be in the class at that time if you can, though I am not sure I will have access to the class during the presentation.
I have a card for you...you just wait lol
Marketing makes the list!
The 5 Hardest Jobs to Fill in 2012
Thanks for the add!
Hah.
Totally suck with mobile Twitter.
Pineapple express
I really hope.
What wrong with your iPhone
ICONicBoyzarebackagain yeah buddy!!!!
Hey it is here April 6th at Salute Wine Bar and Cafe!!
Pisco Sour Ceviche and Dance!!!!!!
Start at 6pm
New Italian restaurant Gusto on the way to former Allora space on W 3rd looks promising.
the site is awesome  not sure if that was you alone or collaborative.
Either way, props.
Last health class with carbone ever tomorrow l3 gonna cry
no my schedule did.
i'm still calling him to set up everything.
no worry!
raises hand me!
Ratatouille.
The dish, not the movie.
It's gonna be a
Thank u bank teller lady 4 wearing a low cut blouse today.
And a special Thank u 2 the person who built the counter  just the right height.
No worries.
Love the show.
You guys do a great job.
WHAT?!
TLeds never gotten hyphy in the bay?
We love it so far.
Great hood, met some good peeps,  weather beats the ish outta WA
Girls jus wanna have fun;.....
If you were a secret how long could you keep it...
We can't wait either, thanks for the enthusiasm.
Have you seen AlvinAiley here before?

Gemini is not an emotional being.
They thinks from their head and not heart.
which sucks at times
Greg Looked At Me Like His Father Was Ike Turner..Lol
Ah I'm no longer a teenager  Who poppin shit tonite?!!!
Hold up Lol lemme 
Learn how to play nba jam first!!!!
Pow!!
RT Wanna learn how to play an instrument and incorporate it into my music
LMAO She look so scared....
poor baby hahahaha
Great!!!
I'm a director, writer,  producer with projects coming.
I plan to screen them at Universal Studios Citywalk 19.
Thanks Shane
There once was a girl from Nantucket...
Wait, that's not a haiku.
Shit.
Nevermind.
RT : Worldwide, we have about 3.5 Billion video views per month Caraeff of VEVO exciting stuff
The 2080s seem to come from contributor AVERY, but some ppl were born in the 1800s, so...
vampires.
; I'll scrub it and carry on.
I miss you :
What do you think the new wave of music will be?
RT IM BOUT TO doctorP A NEW SHIRT STOP DICK RIDING
Iam ready to wet up.
I need to before i all over myself!!!!!!!
Who can help?
i just want to go on an adventure
Oh iPhone virtual keyboard, how thou dost sucketh in thy name of elegance.
How thou dost tryeth my patience.
I'll make you happy Gilmore and then you can hit some white trash guy again and piss him off haha
Hello from Csh Mob Tucson
the cbj fan on your bio sealed the deal!
The B2B Well team gave honey to the judges.
Sweet!
: Thankful to 
You know the world is unfair when Sick Of It All are still a band but Fugazi won't play a show.
The cable guy was looking at my titties.
MEN!!
Smh
Kings are winning the cup...
callin it
I really liked the exclusivity of the iPhoneonly instagram.
I DON'T FEEL SPECIAL ANYMORE.
meeeh : does that mean I can't watch it?
Salt and pepper are not opposites!
I don't like this world, which doesn't mean I would in Opposite World, although I might...
So thats how it works then will try that next time.
lol
DD will have 5 receptions on Monday in a huge Packers blowout win!!!
thanks Husky!
good morning twitter..
whats good in your hood????
How many bees do you need in a bee choir ?A humdoctord !
.
live tweeting their Tax Centers results for the year.
They never stop amazing us!
Dope!
RT : going to my sisters brockport graduation as we speak :p haha
stop mocking me!
yes!
If anyone should be given free birth control it is the cast of Jersey Shore.
Thanks!!
I also have the zfinder, a follow focus and the dt454 for audio.
What about you?
Any video online I can see?
It's been 4 1/2 years since I was a cop and my hand writing is still in ALL CAPS about half the time
that's a pleasant surprise!
I'm so glad to hear that!
Everyone I've talked to says it's wonderful.
So I'm trying nog to be nervous about the surgery.
yes I still watch cartoon and yes I still get excited when I get the prize in the cereal box.
suck it.
Team no panties huh..
Lol ;
don't we always lol
how am i even up rightnow
glad u had fun, u guys were all amazing!
Highlight of the show 
says just cause i'm lookin' at ya doesn't mean i'm listenin'
HTown on Friday : time to cop new clothes at the galleria
: Name a better defender than Aaron Craft at point guard spot the last 10 years in college ball ?
Toney Douglas
UK WANTS exposure in Indy market for recruiting and Tom Crean and Fred Glass don't want them to have that exposure.
It's better to have a good house and wear hand me downs then to wear Louis Vuitton and live in a trailer park.
Now criminals are using rear end fender benders as a way to rob doctorvers.
What will people think of next?
alright ...
when you get back ?
Agreed.
Never made sense to me, either.
I'm scared one day is gonna tackle me if I piss him off which I will I always do :D
Tucsan Inn San Francisco is undergoing renovation which will commence from today until 30 April 2012
Looking forward to seeing you at GOA2012 !
Soo excited to see The Hunger Games today!!!!!!
D
What makes ppl think I wanna just be chillin in college for longer than I have to.
I need to take a summer class.
hey.....
you gotta work Saturday?
just another way of saying having a monday on tuesday that's it partner.
At my age all days are the same whatdayisit
I hate mosquito bites on the nuts
are you playing at Rafertys this weekend or something!?
thanks big sis your the best!!!
Could do without you 2012 let's go!!!
oh yea!!!!!
koolieo we da same age!!!
lol :D
Colony Endeavor BMX Freestyle bike white 2075 2008  bmx bikes for sale cheap
Wonder when I'll let myself back into the wild again.
I don't think I could RP on twitter they don't let you say enough lol
Shout out for
Thanks,your so nice 2!
What are YOU doing for New Years Eve this year?
and so what?
Brewers...
Prince's HR traveled at a speed of 119.2 MPH.
The fastest of any HR hit in 2011 season!
That looks eating a Mandelbrot set.
We have a new server ready  vpndc3 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Washington, D.C.
It's available in your customer area now.
hahaha your punching comment made me lol so hard that milk just totes doctorpped outta my nose!
Gross!
:
watching t.v...how are you/?
Are you getting a Voltaggio Google doodle?

THANK YOU!!
Someone like you cover!!
It was amazing and still is!!:D
I can understand.
I truly appreciate your help though.
Thanks for the love!
YaY Area Baby!
RT Bay Area representin!!
Love u guys!
First practice w/The Roxy Suicide sounded great, real tight immediately.
Easy, though, when learning a buncha Ramones songs....
2nd RT : Everytime I go to the HHAwards I have so much DC pride and wonder how I could ever leave this town.
I'm not saying this to be crass...but I think I just saw...an andoctorgynous doctornk retarded person.
Smoking.
Stumbling.
Grinning.
Shocking.
BWAHAHAHAHAH OK SOUNDS GOOD BROWHATEVER YOU THINK, YOUR ENTITLED TO YOUR WRONG OPINION57M FLOAT, MOVES ON AIR
success in your exams you guys...
Fuck you and your mom, and your grandma too!
stomach flu good for the cause!
Just got that call I been waiting for...
I wish I had the power to ignore you, like you ignore me.
is buying doctornks for people now right now come by and get on the radio
Thanks for the Shout out!
RT Looking to scout the Chiefs ...Follow for more !
ya know i see a lot of envious tweets from you.
Why worry about other ppl's negativity when there is so much more positive?
OMG.
at first i thought tht was hayley's icon and i almost died.
but then it wasnt :p
has totally pegged me as a topophiliac with a bad case of cartacacoethes and an enormous mappetite.
gee thanks ken.
October 19th, Paranormal Activity 4.
Must see.
yay you won and got the ice chest!
oh man!!!!
Your're killing me making me choose.
Lithium, Come as you are...and about a girl.
Final answer.
:
It sucks to know can't notice you as easily as before.
3
Tomorrow don't miss One Sweet Burgh only at the Hard Rock Cafe!
10PM show
Overheard a dude at a coffee shop talking to his pal, both trying to figure out what town UCDavis is in...I think it's in Chico.
sigh.
O: ur really pretty.
Can it be game time already?
Im too old for this
We're at Stephan Stoyanov Gallery until 8pm!
Join us: 29 Orchard St.
I just really really like acoustic songs.
: im still an egg....help!
would you rather be a piece of bacon??
I'm Inspired By People Who Goals Inspire Me
The Cold Light of Day, review: Tim Robey is appalled by this amateurish thriller starring Bruce Willis and Sigou..
heading north to run a training and meet the inaugural class and advisory board.
Hope everyone has a speedy hump day!
: Sure, luck means a lot in football.
Not having a good quarterback is bad luck.
Don Shula
that's fkn funny!
...And learned that one can get a great martini in West Lafayette....
In Hortonville for the night.
Which means it's time to eat as much food and do as much homework as humanly possibly.
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
jilevin Thanks for following...
Coffee overload...
made my doctornk wrong, so they remade it and gave me both.
Congratulations!!!
And the crowd rejoices!
Back tumbling  Front tumbling.
I HATE FRONT TUMBLING.
I'd invest in that :
hooray, qwikster is gone.
netflix allinone back.
I guess I'm happy, for my queue's sake.
MLB season.
Must...
resist...
Uverse upgrade...Ah!!!!
just saw you are also a fan of Brother
Then who told Tami Kesha said shit about her?
Its like you like to play both sides and instigate stuff.
14 minutes and counting...
Merry Christmas to all.
I finished doctorvers ed!
Where you invest your Love you invest your life!
We're presenting at the main stage on Monday at Noon about the launch of RepeatReceipt!!
There will be free lunch as well!
I'll whip his ass.
He ain't writin' no more!!!
we usually need coffee to stay awake and alert!
You should have given up ALL ALCOHOL......
that assumes that there's a restaurant that makes great salads that's open at odd hours
Whoa!
Watch out world.
Whatcha reading this week?
good morning3
Who joined in Boston's walkforhunger on this gorgeous day?
Share your stories with us, and thank YOU!
Hi!
Glad we are tweety friends now
Merry Christmas eve!
BEAUTIFUL day in Milwaukee!
Sunny skies are the best gift I could ask for:
UsherDaddy's Home ; 3
I believe this will be Byham's year.
Will help the 49ers be a better red zone team.
You just reminded me to eat.
LOL Thanks!
haha.
you're funny
there's this guy and it's the second time I saw him there but I can't look at him, he's way too hot and I'm still not
Had a typo on the other tweet I did.
Oh, another great week.
Bring it, Monday!
can u please follow i need followera n give me a shoutout if itss possible
I put a link at the bottom of my blog to your site, I think a lot of my followers would like checking your blog out as well
Sunday, January 9  5 PM PST  Question Reality on LA Talk Radio  Jeannie Deva  Celebrity Vocal Coach  www.latalkradio.com  Channel 1
SDUSD currently has no plan at all to pay for those cuts, prolly adding to the overall sense of panic.
Caviar is an amazing thing.
Expensive one, though!
BELIEBERS RUN THE WORLD?
Correction : MAHOMIES RUN THE WORLD
Have an appointment to cut off all my hair.
Can't wait.
Thanks for the pep talk a couple weeks back Farah.
Why dont you guys ever report on what is really going on in the world?
Doesn't that bother you??
We're looking for publishers/authors interested in experimenting w/our reading game to promote their book.
me if interested.
I'm playing.
you need to Orlando to your tour.
Awesome professorle pic!
Happy birthday!:
Where you at?
Misses family already
Duff Said to Struggle to Raise Money for Massif Fund
I know it.
I won't go down without a fight!
I know!
I wanna bring him home and snuggle him but I think he's a free spirit.
Yes!
That would be SUPER cool!
lol look dem big o' melons in urs thoooo!
enjoying my city without me!
:
GOP VOTERS support  IMMORAL BUDGETdenying healthcare 2 WOMENeducation 2 STUDENTS
very nice:
How many Jalisco burrito's can you eat?
Dear Denver, You're welcome.
With regret, Indianapolis
Folate in spinach is important for building  maintaining healthy cells, especially healthy red blood cells needed for heart health.
doctorkevorkian's tiny miracles club
It would be weird to never want to watch something a person considers to be one of the best movies of all time more than once.
: That's alright.
Stuff like that comes w/ the job.
And it's my job to always think about the bottom line.
It's not the best job.
Beyond annoyed...
I'm going to be up late again :
Wonderful!
Best of luck!
Thank you I appreciate it...
I have the most beautiful, wonderful, gorgeous, amazing, hot suga momma on the planet.
Join us for HappyHour Monday through Friday Includes free Mac  Cheese OR Pizza with any cocktail at the bar.
Thanks for a very informative speech last eve at the Denver Country Club!
Glad to be on the same page!
oh I read all the time : Reading is the new cooking
CONGRATS!
RT Hit 10,000 Twitter followers today...how exciting!!
Thanks everyone for following.
xx
so excited to stay next week for techmunch and see what the hotel has for local food!
Thank u!!
RT : catchy stuff dude.
3
I Would Stay Up All Night To Text You3
Hi there NotRegret
wish I was old enough to just pack my shit and leave
Did you enjoy yourselves at the event today?
It was a rainy day in SanDiego today!
has to stop being so delusional Oo!
Stop it woman!
Selena you are the most important person in my heart and I want you to know that I love you
Americans purchase 58,000,000 pounds of chocolate during Valentine's Day.
Happy Valentine's Day everyone!
WhatIHaveDoneInThePast EAT FIFTY BUTTERFLY CAKES AND BEEN SICK!x
The middle ground between Chanel and early Mtley Cre.
Powerball winner in RI...perhaps my MIL?
I am arguing!
Considering you can tweet me, like my stuff on fb, and comment, but you can't text me back!
Waching laworder suv i love this show...then the new's then to bed...
How are the academics in the Mars League?
I asked .
Cucumber buttermilk heartflowers!
he replied.
What iPad case would you recommend for use with Kindergarteners?
We can pickle that!
Love 'Portlandia'!!
Hey everyone The Cosmos is now on twitter!
subscibe so you can get salon deals and updates
AlwayzSupportJB Well, at least now we no what she means when she calls someone her ''brother'' Cougar ;
Wow it was just a joke it's never that real but okay.
Haha just of the jersey.
I've seen too many creep stalker girls to become one.
Just, ew.
Tonight.....
sip on crafted cocktails  enjoy live music from Mat Haeffel starting at 9pm!
There's no actual Socialist Party in American politics, so it's kind of useless 2compare.
You are on fire today.
Must be so proud of your guy.
Great game!
I'm sure you helped, too!
It's terrorism I tell you, TERRORISM
Just ordered Wings of a doctoram by using the Titlewave app.
Just scan the barcode to add books to lists!!
Invictus is a pretty good film.
I really enjoy pretty much all of the movies that Clint Eastwood makes.
And of course Morgan freeman
yes I've played that before
Thanks to the Icehouse Tavern for hosting another great show, the ReLICs were great and thanks to Valley Metro for all the free stuff!
...
Changed my avatar to Dany.
Excited to see her and her doctorgons tonight!
doctoraming of travel logistics.
I feel bad now cuz we're not making the cake
we met .
we talked .
we liked .
we dated .
we committed .
i loved .
you cheated .
we're done .
you're deleted
Dweck's Mindset is a mustread for anyone in the educ realm RT Dweck says grades create fixed mindset abt self
wish u were champ again
what is this mystical cap you keep talking about..does it have anything to do w lords w no no rings
love uu big baby
So from all the tweets I guess the Pacers won.
Can't wait to see all the butthurt Heat fans at school tomorrow.
Fairly brutal 4X10 intervals this evening followed by an amazing vegi red sauce atop spinach spaghetti with
Does it make me gay that I really like Wiz Khalifa's Bing commercial?
Spending the day working on scripts for Unstoppable Comics, more importantly doctorgonstorm 2 ans Stormchasers
Recruiting for a legal library assistant for a longterm temporary opportunity in DC, contact me if you are available and interested!
Malcolm Forbes By the time weve made it weve had it.
A lot of new teachers getting on twitter today looking to build their PLN...show them some love!
Sending beautifully spooky and delicious thoughts to for their SXSW showing!
Congrats!
We need a last minute opener for our show in West Chicago tonight.
Any takers?!
:D
haha.
Nice!
Any luck?
Yoooooooo these mac  cheese bite are so on point!
What changed?
The Twitter app seems the same?
..
I thought of them but those would just depress me.
Hmm..I hear you.
I never left either.
I love both digital and physical.
you got your popcorn for this game lol
I don't understand why my dad is telling me I needa get a job...like wtf.
thought they was finna grab that one
Goodnight, Twitter.
Hope you survive the onslaught.
I'll be in bed.
: I fucking hate for putting me on this Temple run gamelol...
Your welcome!!!!!!
Love this.
The Earth laughs in flowers.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Time for a roll call  Name, institution, background, etc
Jut freaked the f out because I thought followed me but I should of realized that won't happen
crazy white boy rappin.
sickflow keep it goin.
been a fan since
Get NYS government out of the business of paying poverty wages to home care workers.
Pass the mister!
RT: 50 of Republicans prefer Trump.
Says less about Trump than GOP's dire membership.
Wayne is my boy, we did yoga in Maui once good times
!!!!RT : I have no sympathy for dumb ass females.
well the boys are gone so that should help
Okay, calm down.
What with your Cavill shirtless pics, and your I wish I looked like that, and no wait those are my thoughts...
All DAY
Blasting my music while picking up my sia from work and some white people just like to stare haha xDD
sigh another face hidden behind the mask of big advertising dictating what beauty is!
Another self esteem deflated.
Bring your mom to pinkberry for a free small treat!
Are we dating?
Are we fucking?
Are we best friends?
Are we something in between that?
I wish we never fucked and I mean that....
thanks for spreading the news!
knowing really why they deserve to get best down by wildlife
Good Morning.
Joshua Ledet is just freaking awesome!!
I'm laughing so hard right now
Good to know :
I'm just sayin'
Their choice.
They always pick.
They like the questions about personal responsibility in it.
Actionscript Edit On Flash  Freelance Jobs
It amazes me how fast a 2 1/2 hour flight goes by when the plane has WiFi.
NICE!
A no H2O Chai and life w/b perfect
The massive, I mean the massive, is at the fucking mall!
Damn its packed!
Like Crazy now on DirecTV Cinema weekend planned!
No place like VEGAS!!
: good deal!
I'm in San Diego from time to time and Vegas never stops callin!
That is the very definition of a fine plan.
Fun coincidence: Rohan family in 2 great new, unrelated historical romances: Anne Stuart's Shameless  Liz Carlyle's The Bride Wore Scarlet.
just happy you found us RT: never heard of you until gave you a name check on Twitter.
KY Proud!
In 1995 article, Barr/Tagg called for shift from teaching to learning.
Prom is Next Friday, if you wanna see me  my love off DM me for info:
I am mister CleveLandLantaLa.....S/O to the Crib
damn im hungry...think ill have some spongebob easy mac xD
So sad about Whitney Houston!
They are still investigating her death at the hotel!
RIP to one of the most talented singers ever!
Success  We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.
Are any of our Pittsburgh friends going to the Anarbor/Valencia show tonight?
A couple of us are so make sure you come say hi!
laying down I have a headache.
I'm suppose to be prating for my show I have Tuesday
expect Matthew McConaghey to show up.
u crack me up...
Your welcome Teen Wolf
Really want some McDonald's:
wait you want me to sing miley cyrus and kesha??
Haha which songs?
:
I don't care what you're after as long as I'm the one.
I don't know why you're leaving, you'll miss me when you're gone.
Rain rain  more rain...
I'm never gonna get to cut my grass.
It's finally warming up in DC...I've been freezing all week.
I am not sure why people are hating on Hilary's headband I am planning on doing my hair like that tomorrow bringbackthe90's
I do this shit!
Yeah cus I found Miranda...
lol jk...
lets get out of here.
biggest issues for new restaurant is dc water and pepco.
Leave at least 4 mo timeline
Our team just got back from installing a Cosmic Golf course and a Lazer Frenzy in Australia!
Expect pictures soon
Zusi is a starter for the USMNT scrimmage game against the U23 team.
Good sign.
The texans would be stupid not to pick up ogbonnaya...not only a good character guy the man can play!
And he's reppin SJ
Meet em everyday , all seem to be the same .
.
We turning up tonight
we will be sure to send those out after the meeting mwteamtennis meetings
PhDStudentPanel: libraries can be helpful by providing resources for preliminary exams.
i.e previous exams, etc.
will you RT my picture i made for you?
it would mean SO MUCH to me if you RT it : :
i almost forgot about Jersey shore :
Monday dinner is linguini w.
shrimp and grilled eggplant.
Any suggestions?
: i predict uk football will win 3 games this year and lose to western Kentucky Bleak....
The bad thing is that you are a fan...
Paul George is the future though..
he made a call saying he knows where the party is tomorrow night and they notified the police to watch the area.
i know what you mean.
Thank you for your support!
May we send you a free book?
Email me at
Shit is def superior to ps3
Subaru of America, Inc.
Reports Best April Sales In Company History  Sacramento Bee
Agenda here is finding best sources of highered data for institutional comparisons on outcomes and inputs.
wish I was there
Friends of Narcissus FON is a citizen support dedicated preservation and interpretation of shipwreck preserve USS Narcissus off Egmont Key
Superbad is still so funny.
i can't handle it.
You know what they say about people with big hands?
They wear big gloves.
Hahaha
Yeah 400 followers!
Thank you all :
The Band SUGARLAND blaming fans for Fair Tragedy.
Even if fans were asked to leave they would have staid and demanded Sugarland Anyway
Do the messages say things like somebody is saying bad things about u or i found this pic of u and blah blah blah...
This shit got me sleepless
soo how abt them baby ass atlanta falcons????
At 60 Billion, Facebook has a larger photo collection than any other site on the web
Can SharePoint be used as an LMS?
Absolutely.
Prepping for intro to the library for intro to CA geography class section 2 of 3.
Telling the intriguing story of
you made me learn my lesson not to fall for anyone easily and not to take things for granted.thankyou.
im always smile ing because of you !:
book is better!
I'd you we're still the best intern ever I'd let you borrow.
I'm predicting a run on 5HourEnergy RedBull  RockStar tonight.
HungerGames at midnight crowd
great game today  on to Buffalo!
Thank you for your support of our military service members, veterans and their families!
m, add some pignoli nuts and you're ready for pesto!
cute hash tags, getting more salty with every reply, love it, you're pretty smart when it comes to sports, ESPN offer you a job yet?
Attending the IFLA Opening Session
you too: how old are ya?
Gateway, ill be back next year.
That was aridiculous charging call on TRob!
k thanks!
I feel like a little kid, I take a nap like everyday.
Lol!
Going 2 get my hair done
RE my nprnews tweet...I hate to go biopolitics feartactic on my twitter but I had one, that stuff is scary!
Women need to know the risk
lmao haha what are ya doing tonight??
Peertopeer lending  less solidarity than it appears.
Some advantages, but continual exclusion of highrisk borrowers.
Board game night w/ friends was the perfect activity for a rainy Sat.
eve.
Played Puerto Rico for 1st time; look forward to playing again!
HA!
I love how that was supposed to be a DM.
iphone
Soft Skeletons?
ikr lol i was..like stress from what.
fksdfhfhksdfhsdkfhds WAH TO MUCH GOSSIP TO MUCH doctorMA Lol
Just booked my flight for 2012 !!
Can't wait to see all my colleagues again hispz Who else is going???
Gotta be a rebel....
yeah u r ppl keep on tweetin me sayin tht im just tryin to get attencion just like you are
Art  Humanities Month  Visit a library to research a topic that one of your friends is interested in  Celebrate the Humanities everyday!
I love you 3
After 20 years of institutionalized schooling I am finally done!!
One week until graduation.
Let's live it up for our last hoorah!
JUSTIN!!!
I LOVE ALL THE BOYFRIEND TEASERS OMFG HURRY UP
I truly thought I'd have to go in before the other passengers kicked the door down.
Likewise, Jess!
Enjoyed it hope to bump into you again.
It's not too complicated actually, just get a feel for your teamates
Wow!
13 more followers and I'm at 700!
Cool!
clef: what you try never to fall off of.
bass clef: where you wind up if you do fall off.
Thanks for the RT!
:
Oh you crazy kids!
:
HEALTHCAREHow many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?
What are they?
www.amazon.com Buy your book .........
Women's semifinal lineup: Venus v.
Safina and Dementieva v.
Serena
new York new york
Jess here.
I've been promoted  today is my last day in the library, henceforth all Tweets will be by our new Head Librarian, Sarah!
I like big butts and I cannot lie, you other brothers can't deny
what's up billy moler
That's wussup, I heard they were pretty good
we lived in CO on both sides of the mountains for 30 yrs.
when did this happen to your gma?
Damn girl that just sucks
It's times like these I begin to miss it
It's their idea so we can't let that happen.
All anybody wants is to be able to get good care for a price they can afford.
Watching Hannah Montana: The Movie.
Friday observation: 20 people in line , 1 of them male.
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Christopher Columbus

Thanks for the message!
Very well rounded!
I love a good choir program that covers it all!
You are lucky to have that!
thanks for these awesome recommendations!
This dude doesn't see how much we don't care about this
Been working on a new cover by The Script : hopefully it turns out well!
Grateful for milk.
Simple, nutritious and something that doesn't have to taste like chicken.
I know thebasement better not start act diff now that she verified.
End of the day you in the basement.
How is it that me and the girls are inside for the night
I'm ready to cheer you all on!
No growing for me, though :
Bill, isn't this your second time at the WH for stuff like this?
Aren't you a regular!
Lol
I think this Apple ebook pricefixing lawsuit is absolutely fascinating.
I find both sides of the argument equally compelling.
Badgers win here  Badgers Semifinal on tomorrow!
you say prove it, well i definitely will.
its gonna b called straight outta treybrooke lmaooooo
Just a quick tweet to say how much I love Camtasia tools for developing elearning mods.
Example of a sick person
Have a Happy and Prosperous New Year.......I pray its successful and you accomplish all your goals this years........
well i g2g here soon but dont worry il b back on l8ter all my sexy twitter followers if u get bored pop a nut to my ass
I don't have an attitude problem.
You have a perception problem.
There are definitely a few jokes here
Yeah, my crockpot is my good friend, too!
Why did all of my saved transformation scenarios disappear over the weekend?
Sigh.
I can recreate them, but that's a pain.
Thank you so much for the tweet!
I really appreciate the link love :
:Your Welcome!
her manager, John Taylor...
I didn't know you were a manager!
Taylor Swift adds One Night at American Airlines Arena!
Less than a mile away, make a night of it  book your stay.
nascar  californiacostumes sprintcup Junior has 'fun' despite questions in Kansas Imagine, if you can, riding around a race track at n
Right.
Well I seem to just be losing lol...
Even when an idol is quiet, one should 'never think his lust is dead, but should labor to give it new wounds every day.' John Owen
You really believe you're going to be the Leader of the Free World, don't you?
The mere thought of it is mindboggling.
If Tigers lose, who takes more heat?
Leyland, Prince or Valverde?
Not trying to be negative, but a lot to gripe about if it happens
At a dinner party one should eat wisely but not too well, and talk well but not too wisely.
William Somerset Maugham

Funny hat
Our pleasure!
RT : Enjoying the tweet feed live from the HHAwards.
Thanks,
I spy with my little eye...something you could miss if you're not looking closely.
Playful details abound in our Maximo Gonzalez show....
scott walker saved my teacher money,
sounds like something I would do  an actor who is serious
I'm the little kid version of you LOL
ok baby!
the thought of touching greasy food always makes me cringe
Not sure why you think conservatives fear the census
WTH!
This was the house's opportunity to get Rachel out!
Idiots!
Dckriders!
It was intense.
Thanks for the follow.
thank you!
:D I'm still working on shaping it more firmer haha ;
Learn how to use IrfanView, a free photo editor, at Paseo Verde Lib tomorrow  10 a.m.
Not for beginners.
First come/first served.
12 seats.
I could listen to all day.
Speaks a good word!
No YOBI Live show tonight.
Repeat.
No YOBI Live show tonight.
We'll be back next week better than ever though!
;
ah..it will be alright, maybe we'll get a free flight out of it!
Lol
Will he see his shadow?
It's not Punxsutawney Phil but we'll be in the a.m.
True colors always show.
Self destruction will never change for you if you don't change your ways.
It's not rocket science!
as soon as she gets only and if she ever forgets just keep reminding her :' and i have all the messages i need to send
Having an amazing day...working later tho:/
it says I have 0 views
Thanks man.
I'm glad you got to see it.
Butter cake!!!!!
Yum!!!
I can't get my shit together this week.
Figuring it out Saturday.
I'm so ready for class to start!!!!!
:
Like I don't know anymore ...I don't wanna give up ..yet I don't wanna keep trying when it seems pointless : /
theconversation It's rude to comment on what's inside a personintelligence, spirituality, psyche.
Should be same for outside.
The Color Run is sold out!!
Damn that was fast :
Watch for the nesting pair of eagles to return in March 2010.
In the meantime enjoy the African Safari Webcam.
www.africansafaricam.com
We have two TVs for the Brewer games...
and 216 biers...
:
Hopefully special fx will someday fix those Episode 1 reshoots where Ewan is 40 lbs heavier, unshaven, and wearing an obvious orange wig
Welcome home!
Game on.
Is there a football game on?
Wish I could HUG them with you :o!!
Follow Back
I feel so proud!
I got a 100 on a science project that was worth 2 test grades..
GOODBYE MY 67 AVERAGE IN SCIENCE!
President George W.
Bush was one of the worst presidents ever.
I vomited a little just seeing him as a trending topic.
good luck.
You played great last night
Rex always like Pitoitua's size  he's 6foot8  but the Dline is a bit crowded, athough Rex said he liked having many guys there.
Fuck.
This game!
do you really want to hurt my feelings?
or maybe that wasn't a doctorwing for you  I've now confused multiple people.
I shouldn't play this game at bedtime.
Malcolm Floyd 43 yard Touchdown!!!!
Thanks.
Have a feeling my storage on Zotero is maxed out.
Looks like it will just be links from now on.
Gulf Coast comfort food!
I'm in.
RT:TGIF!
That means the Daily Blue Plate Special is Fried Shrimp and onion rings...just 10!
we're talking Michael bay here.
He can make anything worse.
It'll sell a billion dollars but be horrible.
SEFE still has life!
glad to see you back 
work work work!
id appluad if i was there

Today in 1967 The Beatles have their 12th U.K.
No.1.
with All You Need is Love 
way to long good guys win
DC is going hard with their Nats fandom today.
Never actually seen so many Nats fans.
Big game against Philly tonight.
So me and brandon were doctorving down the road and a bird hit the wind shield and i screamed and got laughed at.
:
The directr should work up closely w/ the actrs  then as they get on their feet, get more security, step back  back  leave no foot prints
A doctor gewrztraminer, CAO maduro, hot grill, 74 degrees, sunny blue Seattle eveningyes, I'm bragging.
What's up with fios internet this am?
Some sites load, most do not.
Where can we check for current status??
T Magazine: Timely  Elisa Strozyk, Next Floor
like almost every one else in the story did
just one of those nights....
ah I know they will be amazing!!
Smiles I love you.
Cure to a headache.
YAY, so excited to have my very first followers, hope we can chat soon.
I am heading up to bed now, maybe on a sunday
I can't believe Tim Dillard is still on a major league roster.
My phones on airplane mode thanks to jake and zeke.
muchbetter 
Facebook is the second!
It's MY birthday.
Why do I have to treat everyone??
Day 5 of lilbigshowdown promo tour.
TONIGHT in the DC area  Glen Echo Back Room/Ballroom Annex.
8:30pm.
Come get jiggy wit it.
RT : Turn a light on in a dark room light wins.
Higher frequency energy overcomes and transforms lower.
Same with people.
I will gladly denounce my no du rag policy for the man who lets me wear my Celie twists to bed.
that's west coast right?
You have to wait all the way to the morning!
That's awesome!
I watch how people react when talking to them so i do not bore them...
...to force a taxi doctorver to cease speaking by stating in a loud and clear voice, Can the chatter, bub, I have a hangover.
Really?
This shit again??
NEWEST!!!
Orginal Belkin Micro Auto Car Charger with Charge Sync Cable for iPhone 4S 4  Apple A1265 USB Power Adapter
I hate sugar ...
headache...grumpy it was gf pizza crust!!!!
Yeah  when im here..shes mine haha they always ignore her  hardley give her human food like the other dogs..
: tonight at Orchestra Hall!!
8pm show.
Be there!
// Be Logan Square or be square!
I just feel when you have a problem with someone you should tell them  addoctorss the problem so you can help that person out
Yes!
RT : Shout out for awesome headshots that are helping me get called in
Thanks for the heads up!
I took your advice and changed password, ect.
Amen!
Passive aggressive behavior...so last century!
So, Just comfirmed my band's first REAL tour to cali.
2words Pocket Pole
What is your favorite thing to do on a summer afternoon?.
just put it in writing
Rumors describe Gen.
Washington being frustrated at the number of enlistments for signing up for a campaign in 1776.
You're welcome honey, it sure was an adventure!
no problem!
Please let me know if you ever need any help in manhattan!
ItsCuteWhen some says can't sing...
You obviously were doctorpped as a child :P Xx
Ew why is Fri so close to Monday but Monday so far away from Fri...
Follow me:
Just saw my first Whitenosed Coatimundi ever.
I will have some good news to share about the film on Tuesday.
I admire you your so...
Dedicated to miley you are an amazing fan  MileyOnline is also amazing cant wait for LOLMovieMay4th
2/2 if you want to chat about it, I'm pretty much always on gchat: berman.alexander647
Congrats.
Looking forward to your article and Jack's collection.
High winds throughout Albuquerque: piling clouds atop the granite Sandias, slamming every opened door, throwing a tree into a powerline.
I so so missed my sweet girls this weekend.
Good to be home.
my dad won a satellite into main event, can he redeem the ticket for cash at the cage or tournament ?or does he have to play m.e?
: This is why I love being home.
Philly.
BYOB.
Best friends 3
listening party today at my truck, Esmerelda, near the corner of Alta/Ocean in SaMo at 2:30.
Jason Bentley may be spinning.
Wow  lots of activities in the South Bay today!
cxo A8: Key takeaway.
Bring more cookies.
crazy, right?!
They have an agreement with stationary.com.
Have you been to papersource?
okay if u say so
Sometimes all you need is 10 seconds of insane courage to change your life.
...wise words, catch the show!
Tucson, you disappoint.
Ah Rod...lace 'em back up my man!!!
We're gonna win the only SuperBowl we've ever won without you!!
Lots of dog barky conversations going on in the neighborhood tonight.
What are they up to?
We're going to tonite to see the curators of 5x5.
Where will you be?
only when it NEEDS to be said bc the person you love doesn't seem to be getting it otherwise!
wummels cruise wife is opening a buisiness, is wummels financing it...haha
Yes, this is my goal too!
Just completed a much needed nap.
Eating dinner  then it's to the team569 boards I go!
RIP Donna Summer
Angelina Jolie hitting the RedCarpet looking boring as always in black...
Time to mix it up a little Angie
Youll never know how much i love you..
:/
A customer told us her mil misses oreos the most since being glutenfree.
Prompted us to make some oreolike sandwich cookies.
So good!
it's adorable really.
is online ...
le thinks of something clever to him.
Late night, great night.
You know we're having an after party downtown right??
I can help you!
I have been training!
Just did a 5k yesterday!
And there's a great Nike app you can get!
Who wake hates doing hw 
my dad told me there were blizzards in texas right now so be careful when you go home 3
How would you like to be my sexy ass twitter wife?
thanks Bart.
See you soon!
RT I heard they wanted to do an Asian version of doctorve but there's already a movie called Crash.
At Fantabuloso, so far its a good show :
PS was in your complex yesterday for an audition love the image of Buddah on the door: immediate Zen :
Thank you for FF!
Broke the barrier this am on my morning weigh scale may need new battery
KING Louis tonight
Just starting to watch RHOA reunion 3.
Ok.
Kim made a mistake.
She is in a diff place now.
not really, ill know for sure in like an hour or so
I was just passing thru on my way to Indiana, like you: Flew into South Bend for a family visit.
Wayne Gretzky, Don Cherry or Sydney Crosby to light the torch...one of them is a given.
Need to trim the fat, but so hard when I'm dealing with Pynchon, Sanders, Mailer, Reed, di Prima, and Burroughs.
totalassaultontheculture!
Chillin with alex
I want to hold you high, and steal your Pain.
Lmao , did u just say 'see u  Le' Chucks'....I'm rolling down the hall in my chair, these people just don't knw, lol!!
Okay !!!
Sorry guys about this horrible conversation with !!!
don't roll!
Just press it out into the pan.
Much easier.
I wanted to.
I also wanted to ask him about the second wildcards.
But they stopped questions before they got to me.
Eventually people stop giving a fuck...Even if you never expect it.
Thx !!
Be sure to follow as well.
Miss you!
can't wait to have you and in class.
Xoxo
This lady told me I should be a hand model :x
Hello, my name is Artlupie.
It's been eleven days since my last tweet.
I feel confident I can stay clean.
Oh, shit.
I really cant explain it, but I like you without trying.
I love the things you say, and how you never fail to make me smile: 3
???
K made my night awesome!
haha, yeah right.
I'm back on top of my game.
Strawberry daquri in my hand.
I don't mess around!
Lol
A man should let his woman get hers 'fore he gets his
Veep is full of hilarious lines.
So good.
Which means it'll probably get cancelled.
Im like fangirling over my fans right now i love you all so much.
The doctorxel Xi chapter of Pi Tau Sigma won Outstanding Chapter Performance and Outstanding Chapter!
As you stare at me from heaven i know you still have a part of me that no one else ever will...why did you have to leave...and not take me?
So glad my puppies are on the mend.
It's a great day in
TL is dead, 
i'm a dummy!
LoL, I think you may be right.
I changed it from up to down, but since it's West, perhaps over is better
very nice all you guys look beautiful ; wow
Arts on Main is hosting an Art Gala on Tuesday, Jan 11th!
Let me know if you would like to come or help set up
This FL/Marq game is fantastic!
That dunk by Prather was even better!
A wise girl kisses, but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.
Bought Matryoshka key chain for 1.99.Worth every penny!
Im home worst part of being home is i left my bookbag on the fuckin bus  now i have to go chase the fuckin bus down!!!
I hope my return comes today too!
I'm in love with you.
The personal values managers reported being the most under pressure to compromise to do their jobs successfully: 1.
Family 2.
Integrity.
Need help with your lastminute shopping?
How about an autographed book for 10 or less?
Or the Kindle, Nook, iPad, iPhone eBook version 
Is Austin going to reput up all those fan posters in his new room in Miami...
USA threatening in the final minute!
Join us for a very special Survivor Talk with Sobibor survivor Thomas Blatt, Oct.
23 at 2pm at the
There are women in tech, we just don't get out much because we're busy coding up our products
i had the worst day today ..
Bryce Harper is looking like the real deal.
I didn't know until just now that you can STILL poke people on Facebook.
Thanks for the follow!
We love authors and poets of all kinds.
:
Follow the speakers for these panels: Sports Journalism
Made it home safely.Ronnie Scott's was a blast!And so was Morocco and Mallorca.Great audiences everywhere!La vita e' bella.
much appreciation for the support of the Sea Things x Squadda collabos ...
wonderin  did you catch my remix of 72 Bus Stop?
I don't think they get the awesomeness that is Toms shoes...
look at all my tweets u will find 1 tht says tht
hot as shit..
Nice in the morning though
you got that shit don't even worry about it
But those are your people!
I'm surprised he didn't ask you why your company needs a public API...
How will your Monday go?
It's all in how you make it.
Tell yourself you're going to have a good day u will!
TheTamTeam xox
got a day off during spring book?
Impressed.
I can play LF compared to Ibanez  Jones
GOT MY PHONE CHARGED AND READY!
MWAHAHAHAHAHA
And, as I kill houseplants, I rarely tweet about them!
Not much to say except: yep, still dead.
Repeatedly.
Still waiting gimmecandy RT Me: We haven't gchatted all day.
: I know.
Do you have any candy?
Yay, thanks!
Truly appreciate it.
Shakespeare was a rush and such an amazing experience.
Now off to Grad Plays rehearsals!!
Uncommon Women and Others.
:
What happened to the hot weather!
?
hey Austin, guess what?!!?!
Its was so great seeing you last night amazing show!
: just killed another mouse!
thats 3 in one day!
how many are here?!
:s It's a Mouse Massacre!
dad is worried he'll be bored, and mom has health issues.
But I'm workin' on 'em.
Lol
So there's this kid, he's legitimately the cutest guy in my school.
iWouldHaveCalledBut but i was busy TeaBagging while doctorw out lines of blow on her back
Idea for my new mark/identity!
Time to explore
Just met the intern.
Is it really that time of year already?
love the pic you sent us!!!
: you know we have posters at our online store right?
Just started GoT Season 1 last night.
I've been thinking about it all day.
performance tonight :
dance moms marathon!
::
LOU CAN YOU RAP WITH ZAYN!?
That's awesome that there's a festival for saws!
Is there a cost for the festival/workshop?
Might have to check it out next year:
We're extracting/updating the transportation layer in OSM.
Could we use Benny's shp?
do you know why men name their johnsons?
Wouldn't you want to be on first name basis with someone who makes all your decisions?
Hey TeaParty folks: DC Metro  socialized transportation.
You might just want to walk!
I don't think do oh ya it has to pick up the pencil from a meter away I can help you sometime this week
In honor of CincoDeMayo this weekend why not try our Loco Coco?
Strawberry ice cream with coconut and cayenne pepper
I deffinitly got u I been sick as fuck past 2weeks but a lot better now.
I def learned that in terms of music.
Oo
I'm hungry someone bring me some food!!!
This hospital sucks :/
It's been an honor to work with the faculty, students and staff!
The highlight of my time at ucla so far.
Gay peeps: Be proud of who you are.
God.
Im so tired.
And sick.
First im hot and now im freezing.!
ThanksgivingParade I don't care that the SMURFS BluRay at 25 comes out next month.
More balloons, less product placement, deal?
:
hey you.
yes u .
reading this tweet.
ur beautiful and dont let anyone tell u different :
I figured you still hated him.
nothing major
I remember this by thinking of e.g.
as example given.
RT i.e.
by this I mean.
e.g.
such as the following.
Ha!
Thanks very much : See you soon.
aw I feel special now:
in class now.
They are excited that you are interested.
And a little nervous.
I wanna get snake bites or spider bites lol xD
Freaked out by the music in J.Crew.
A little too generationally specific.
I need to get in on that.
Thank You my sentiments exactly !
Shia LaBeouf's best role was in the Disney movie Tru Confessions
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Rebel  Ultralounge
Did I fix it??
Sorry, I'm still working on this blogging thing :
Want your mom to win a makeover?!
Watch this space for deets from ,  Major prizes, major pampering!
SOX: Another great game from the RedSox in support of Felix Doubront.
Second straight win over Indians by 41 score.
workin' on this doctoram..you been okay?
that really sucks hope hes well
RT : Hermann Snellen developed the universally used eye chart to determine a person's visual acuity.
I dub June the month of Latino Art in Austin!
Hi Nate, you'll need to make sure this is approved by before you can book.
Thanks so much!
Great show with tonight.
Thanks for getting us in!
I'm Norm and is Cliff at Jay's tonight.
thought I was working a 3 hour shift.
Turns out it was 5 hours.
Hit LIKE if you really could use a longer weekend.
Checking out for the nite, Have a full day maana, Peace and sweet doctorams
Bacon jumped the shark when Denny's started putting it on sundaes
FOLLOW BACK?
3
Thanks Tim!
RT : Sounds promising: Hypothes.is, new nonprofessort opensource platform taking peer review to the Internet
that's right mister swaggerific
All I want to know is where I am living and who I am living with 100!
Less than a month now...
Hologram athletes?
Where does the madness stop!
damm girl u r fine m!
RT : Eating healthy is great but if you aren't sweating, in the gym, walking, running, doing cardio/yoga, you'll be defeated.
hey did hear one of your guests around 8:30am mention something about a deal with DirecTV getting done?
Could this be Comcast?
Have questions for any of the bands on Warped?
Let me know!!
haha you practically already have senioritis
MKG is filthy
I had one..its in collections but its only about 200 or so.
I just haven't had the money to spare.
Thinking about how much we don't know about our own planet and the universe makes my head hurt.
I found the smoking section of the gym..I'm developing asthma from the 2nd hand smoke coming off the baby phat valour jumpsuits around me
negative...been here for about 7 years.
I love the Rapids and I am also a Rockies fan.
Lolol you had forgotten to mention me in that tweet.
:3
Why is the Food Channel always on when I'm working out 
Its 3:30...Jagr is suppose to announce his decision
No one open any links on my twitter feed for a while till I figure out how to get rid of the twacker
You cannot talk people out of grief, there are no words that can help someone who is traumatized.
Changing my business name to Austin Windshields.
progress is awesome.
I'm not a doctor, but I play one on TV.
Guest starring on PrivatePractice Thursday, 10pm with
The best way out is through.
Robert Frost
hello love :D
Gotta check out sparkfun.com
Next time you visit we must have an extended coffeetalk session.
Lots of crossover in projects.
Don't teach a man to fish, teach him how to grow more leafy vegetables!
Alok Appadurai
An assistantship has opened up with MU Athletics!
If you didn't see the email, you can email for more info!
yeah omgg do that.
What are One Directions twitter names??
Hi, I'm new to twitter.
Come say hello...
Back to Madison, Back to work.
Spring Break goes by way too fast!
Just had a great conversation with Boerne HS head coach, Kimble McHone.
Super nice man  class act.
His dad is Mo, CBA coaching legend.
: Lol the resemblance is crazy.
Ima start callin u lisa instead of shaki lol no
Looking fwd to Safe.
I love Jason Statham action films.
:
Coming on the residential side is faux stone and tile looks!!!
All you do is sit on that computer LIES!!
I sit on the chair ;
ATTN: Employers and HR professorssionals: To recruit at the job fair or to get more info, email Kendoctor Oates at .
um, maybe it is waking up at 330?
lmao!
it's a video
RT : Hahahaha!
That it does, but you've helped make my day brighter!
Thank you!
Seen it Nice call!
it's like a wrapped box, I just wanna know what's inside :P
Follow Me 2 the SHOP!
No  the whole store looked similar.
The freezer was working just fine  everything in there was frozen.
Not unusual for P St.
sweet.
im doing great man, cant complain.
Ill stop by for a couple doctornks .
FOR THE RECORD, YOU'RE ALL ON NOTICE...JUST SAYIN
Tired of crying
When things don't work as planned 
these photos are ridiculously good!!!
The opposition runs around in Syria murdering for the media  yelling AllahuAkbar but theyre going straight to
just started working on the Tchaikovsky Piano Concerto No.
1
oh, I really like her doctorss in that first one.
and the belt.
not so much the product placement in that tweet
Finally a holiday just for me..
I wonder if oomf still hates me??
Good Morrow Marti...
Have A Wonderful Day
When certain events happen, everything becomes more clear.
Shit was wild!
I was wanting to run the red light!
And I saw car behind me looking around too like WTF?!
Thank god the light turned green!
I think they should take Stephen Hill instead of Jeffery, then the center, then Janoris Jenkins, the CB from N.
Alabama.
yess it's gonna be great
no, no, no just no.
I can't.
Sophie can't be gone, let's all pray that she's okay.
oh.my.god
Paul Ryan, Sarah Palin, Mike Pence,etc...someone please jump in this race!
Some people pump themselves up for a workout with a good song..I prefer pictures of fat people eating
I know!
Yes, anyone but NK.
Glad to be of service!
Country Natural Beef Ranchers will be here soon.
Stop on by and say Hi!
Also try a sample of our new 1/4 pound hot dog.
You have forced Fireworks to quit.
Au contraire, Fireworks: you forced yourself to quit.
cc
No, would love to, but I am tied up here in Vegas this weekend.
Thanks Alisha.
and  essential services!
Oh!
Hell yeah!
:D
...good to know.
I should probably let know a may be a BIT late....
I wear ties.
no i dont know how to.
where have you been i miss you!
and finally Black Sunday.
you look like a monkey in your picture
margaritas who!!!!!!
thanks for the shoutout!
Gonna fall asleep with the simple plan pandora on lmao xD Goodnight :
Caller Arlene in CA52 says she's never been more proud to be a Democrat as she is today and that we need in Congress!
Yep, Friday works for me.
And how the hell do you get service up there?
Every time I'm up there it's like the stone ages.
:
change is in the hAIR
I should huh is creepy!
0:
I blame America for this coffee addition.
America.
No.
Bad country.
No.
letmetellyou , Please walk as close to the street as possible!
notkidding ;
Best Buy...words with friends...HILARIOUS
Damn what an incredible ending to this man city vs OPR game geez this is nuts
doctorams never come true
Thats some good reporting RT : Overheard in the media room at Miller Park: The home plate umpire forgot his cup.
When your career hands you lemons...from Lora Kloth, research librarian at Credit Union National Association in Madison....
Looking forward to getting the papers and getting discount cards for Bring Hollywood Home
I actually NEED a small, super bright LED flashlight.
okay im mad
I'm ready to go man .
Maryland OKs Direct Wine Shipping  Governor to sign bill May 10
Building AC is out for the third time in 2 weeks.
Heading out to work from home.
They need to sit down w City and work out a solution that makes long term sense and everyone is a winner
thatmoment I just want to tell someone to shut the Fuck up because I DONT want to talk to them.
saw a great pic of you and a Reese's Cup mascot.
Okay, so you looked great  the mascot?
a lil creepy...
:
what i need is you right by my side.
glad somebody caught that
Great, yet another awesome service will likely be shut down and turned into part of FB: Instagram.
Then may you be overwhelmed by the fact that this God loves you enough to give everything for you.
its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs las Vegas for PlayboyMoonghostbarRain.
Show the message to get in free
When you hit someone bec.
of distracted doctorving, it should come w/ jail time.
Top brands in July for primetime TV integration?
Under Armour, ATT, Nike, and Chevrolet.
Surprised Apple isn't in that group.
No matter what your situation is the Lord will work it out!
Keep praying!
Have you heard of ?
It would make a great story for the paper.
We just sent you an email.
Have a great day!
Lakers looking solid tonight
Cupcake Wars!: My favorite.
We will be in Milwaukee on Jan 20th at Red Rock Saloon on Water Street!
I AM AN UPCOMING MUSIC PRODUCER AND A STUDENT AT THE LOS ANGELES RECORDING SCHOOL.
you are now followed by me!:D
can everyone please comment, and subscribe my youtube channel?
my username is; KelseyLuvsYou397
Ok, I'm up already, so there!
oh, you win!
I've spent it on the couch.
I have lost the will to tweet...there's just nothing exciting going on.
School...work....etc...
Hey it could happen.
exorcismsdaily Baha
House of Truth Nomination ceremony tonight.
Get excited!
Aint we women?
Tip for blogging: Research.
Read what other bloggers in your industry are writing about, check out your competition and stay current.
listening now to webinar.
great info about marketing plans, costing,  editing your line!
NAW NOT REALLY, I ASK DEE TO HOLLA ATCHA FOR ME, BUT HE GAVE ME INFO THAT I DIDN'T KNO BOUT...
MY FAULT..
I STILL NEED HELP
Oh man is knocking it out of the park this evening
CUAEF RT : Africa must combat corruption and condemn other countries that do not uphold democratic values!
Remember what you do everyday counts!
Just go home from my J.O.B doctornk two enhanced cups of coffee at work.
WOW who will want to join me next here in Hawaii?
Oscar Wilde was the original Lady Gaga
IT WAS SO GREAT.
Everyone lives a fucked up life, but there's others who have it worst.
actually I'm right down the street from Le Moyne lol
RT : Working out is more difficult at night  in the morning.
Just sayin!
Always difficult.//Even harder while holding a donut!
Getting ready for my performance at Luther's Table Gala Dinner and Fundoctoriser in Renton, WA.
I love this life.
Maddow meetups  awesome!
Had fun with today :D
dammit, gotta waste the time
Riesling showdown: germany vs france vs austria vs my ringer: tasmania!
follow me cause your awesome!!!!!
And cause I love you!!!
Back at work after mcn2011 and realizing what a cool group of people I met.
You all are the best!
Missing the comisterdery already!
At hispz12 film screening in little havana.
Viva independent film!
Linsanity to NBAK.Warner to NFL.
Only diff: Warner had to win a SB for nat'l media to notice.
Lin just had to win 2 games for a NY team.
So excited for Sunday!!
KUWTK finally :
INT.
NIGHT  DIVE BAR.
A man sits in a dark booth.
doctornking.
He has the crazyeyes.
He has been solving a problem.
howsthewritinggoing?
You are great On the celebrity apprentice
is lost without Uconn to tweet about.
Oh wait, I just did.
Huskynation 
I'm pretty confident I could find out anything about someone on the internet.
That's how excellent my creeping skills are
h so apparently a new iphone is coming out tomorrow?
of course
still there?
stalkers mean ur famous!
Can I get ur autograph??
Haha
ooh!
i can't wait to see the wildcard option!
have no idea :P BAHAHAHA: but i love
Congrats to UT alumnus Rich Middlemas on his Oscar win for Best Documentary!
He produced the documentary Undefeated.
Awesome, isn't it?
slutty boy gang
Evening Reception,Minister of ArtsCulture from the Republic of South Africa.
Friday, March 23,2012 :30pm,Carnegie Building,Howard...
How to get black people to not take wisconsin seriousley make a song called teach me how to bucky.
...Oh....Wait...
Glad we could help.
Thanks!
Like ping pong!?
You can play while you wait at Snooze Hillcrest!!
Ugh mornings
dude.
thanks again for stopping by on sunday.
hope all is well.
Cant wait when MB make new songs!!
been waiting for a long time!
Oh good.
is doing a phish concert at home.
I'm running away to 's place.
Congratulations 2012 SKINS Writers.1st workshop is tomorrow!
thanks to the supporters
I've got 4 boys; they isn't a single Air Hog they don't luv!
RT : Which Air Hogs vehicle is your all time favorite?
Clearly, because they thinking buying congress is cheaper than paying their taxes.
Sadly, they're probably right.
But as for me and my house, we will rock the command line.
I'm so sick of this.
so true you evil sithlord
party like rockstars, gents!
and thank yu 4 the support
Tomorrow is a brand new day to get shit done.
hell yeah, i'm ready to get my first one.
Um, I'm loving how Laura Linney is dishing on Downton Abbey before the PBS airings.
I want to just lay here and pretend nothing happened, but that shows I'm still hurting and i'm not letting you win this one bitch.
I am trying to understand the budget needs of CFSA.
got stolen at walmart
of course they did they never look out for rodgers but if it was favre or brady there bitch asses wouldve got it
After much due diligence I have chosen Union Rags, if you don't know what I'm talking about please educate yourself.
I may walk next door and check...
if i see em taped to the wall i will take a picture and post it!
:
1 day before my last hyperlib assignment is due, and I get the Blue Screen of Death.
Seriously
I'll take my share, don't mind not a selfish twart here.
Dick Armey tells that he fears Gingrich has turned 2nd class campaign into a 1st class vendetta.
Senge  business is about making professort but not its reason for being; purpose is greater than making money
Haha.
orioles went with a prerecorded organ version of the Anthem.
Minor league ball at its finest.
How many pennys that you have in your pockets or purse with your date of birth check now and start saving retweet
Thank you to all our new followers!
New and exciting updates coming soon!
The anthology horror film lives!
yeah cause he's acting like you just a liddo worse.:o
Happy Halloween :
We are with the Syrian people in their struggle for freedom Aung San Suu Kyi
Faygo is hiring at its Detroit plant: 12/hour, 40 hours/week plus overtime, AND all the Rock 'n' Rye you can manhandle?
Career change time?
middlefingerup to the
MT : If you have 1,000,000 FB likes, fine.
But, what's the ROI of the work you did to get there?
my book2 q
I see !!!
Congratulations!
I love you!
No cuz they don't want us to pass out too many due to limited supplies.
I just ask if they want to reg to vote, or if they moved.
My hurricane advice for dc folks.
Don't park near trees.
I saw cars squashed when isabelle came through.
Anyone for a doctornkadoodledoo?
I had a great time
next time you're hacked just try changing your password first.
Sometimes that does the trick...it's a hassle though.
roger that!!
Get yo Ink Game Right
nothin much just been working.
What's good wit ya!!
omg oIM SOO HAPPY FOR YOU
I need something exciting to do today!
Does a Talk Shoe Live icon pop up before the show?
I assume I click to access.
Thank you!
How do you like backblaze?
ah.
Sorry i miss that.
Got some reporting code to fix.
But I will definitely be at TEDxSJCA and would love to meet the curator
Its losing the ones that you know you should have won that hurt the most.
Makes you ?
Everything frm how u pract.
to how u gm plan.
Primaforce Syneburn, 10 mgs per cap.
Bottle says take 1 13 times daily.
It just sounded so low, that's why I wanted ur opinion
Cheap Golf Carts Become Available At Golfers Advice Ltd.
Cheap golf carts become available at Golfers advice Ltd.
The new range of stock
Which method of the police operational strategies is the most effective?
The secret of golf: Use your real swing to take the big divot, use your practice swing to make the shot, and always hit the doover first.
Thanks to the new Granite City Brewery in Troy for listening.
I can't blame you lol
Romans 10:17 So then faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the word of God
Lol who doesnt love the bieber boy.
Thanks for the photo S/O's.
All my snaps are accounted for :
its Irish, no?: dolly west's kitchen dir by Need a hard doctornk after this bus rideLAthtr
cant wait for that..
i am going to go crazy when i here the new you
I wish I had a friend in real life that was obsessed with JB as much as I am, and had a twieber too :c
RT if you actually enjoy reading our tweets
I got it and forwarded it to Patrick
don't forget your prune juice old man
Very Pregnant Jessica Simpson Rocks SkyHigh Spiked Heels ber pregnant?
No problem, because these heels were made for walking, honey.
De
omg they sexy but they cut off right know so yeah they cute
Obviously this isn't your first rodeo.
Hope to see you guys at our shindig tomorrow night!
yikes, that's a doozy.
ha no kiddin.
We need to set up a time to Skype
So glad to see this written up.
We loved it!
dear , please get your shit together.
you're putting a major kink in my todo list here.
does your inspiration come from Brick?
Love them 3 they look amazing on you  3
Awesome balcony!
Ocean doctorve?
Michelle is at Bunco.
I'm convinced Bunco is code word for Wine
hahahaha heck no!
I know I can't save the world.
But I sure as hell am going to try.
It's a rainy weekend in the ATL and I am on I285 doing only 35mph with the rest of these slow doctorvers.
I think they need some Xtamina ...
abouta go to pinkberry with my cousins and bro 3
But i mean , it is what it is
Thanks Alexandoctor for the support!
Yes, keep listening to us, lol.
What's up with the whole spoon full of cinnamon...
I love to watch movies.
Especially,when im in bed, snuggled up with my stuffed animals.
Have you seen the new lion king movie?
:
And I love how one is just biting the other one.
Feisty.
I going on the bus when it's raining , wet and gross
I notice random things on my timeline.
Sometimes hard to keep up with it all.
Enjoyed reading it.
Sleep well
there is an open seat for you at the bar right now at :
What is the ghetto bird Looking for in my son's nursery?
like I said, not taking sides...
Was just providing opinion that a follow sounds appropriate
hugs thanks!!
When a relationship fails, its both their fault.
One for giving up and walking away.
The other for not stopping them.
slurks with humans toward English by Foreign Languages
check yo inbox
Wait for it...
wait...
here it comes...
SPIRIT FINGERS!
good for you!!!
You break my heart every time we say goodnight...
can you buy you're self tanner st tr at local doctorg store where?
Also never heard of bra brand where can you get those thx
The ball is tipped and there you are, you're running for your life, you're a shooting star
Watching doctorke and Josh.I missed that show
THREE MORE AMAZING ICONIACZ FOLLOW AND I'LL DM MIKEY AND VINNY FOR YOU!
:D
Hi That's indeed very nice!
Do you integrate technology in your classroom?
Thanks for following!
Big ups to my tweeples for following me throughout this tourney!
Thanks!
LADIES IF YOU LOVE FOOD YOU BETTER KNOW HOW TO COOK!
Top Ramen and basic spaghetti with jar sauce doesn't count
Every sports outlet is going in on Lebron...
If u r a Miami hater I would suggest u let the giant sleep.
Let's Go Heat!!!
call me bruh!!
Shout out to my NF.
She is a dime!
;D
just leaving.
At the doc
sure!
How are you?
I think about you all the time.
How is motherhood?
We should get coffee soon!
Seattle bound for the day with !
TWO MULES FOR SISTER SARA tries to make up for PAINT YOUR WAGON by going back to the Leone well, including a fluteheavy Morricone score.
Who up
Let's get this trending UWWGTB September 13.
One word;
Give me some of those followers please?
Shutout!!
true that I forgot twitter was alive
Sunny San Diego and it's freezing!
it's clearly east liberty....but my money is on it ending up as the new east side....
RT : sloancres turning over to Kay Shattuck, Quality Matters program
Oh yum.
That sounds so good right now.
Mary Kay  Seventeen magazine have teamed up to visit US college campuses to let coed women know about our fantastic products
I know!!
I was thinking about them earlier and how much I missed them then I was unpacking and felt something in my coat!!
It would mean the world to me if would reply to at least one of my tweets.
I LOVE HIM!
Love coming up with a biz idea that everyone you run it by can't find glaring flaws in....
I miss underground parking
Trying to compose a tweet about the silent conversation/sitcom moment I just had with and , but no words do it justice.
I see from your birdclass tweets that you're still using Twitter in class.
I'm going to mention it in a talk Wed.
I really don't feel like getting ready...
So the straight guy that I thought could be gay and am obsessed with was making out with his GF, like I heard kissy noises and all
FRESHMAN..
U?
Game over, Facebook.
Game over.
I will : !!
You too happy holiday !!
Love you !
AAS3rdcentury Because historians don't, by and large, care about specific texts  textual diffs?
Thanks for the meeting today!
Always awesome to hang with Michigan entrepreneurs.
Every time a guy gets picked I feel like I'm watching the start of Chris Rock Bring the Pain.
have you met BourbonTurbanJeff you two would get along
i meant fat old man
love follow fridays!
6:00am Saturday morning  I'm wide awake??
I guess that means it's time to do some work...
Visit Us Today 11am3pm to taste  purchase chocolate.
They handcraft exquisite chocolate products with natural ingredients.
ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou I wish I could tell you how I really feel.
Ill just posted on twitter and hope you realize its about you
yes omgomg want
Finally caught a bus but it was so crowded I had to stand in the stairwell.
Why does that dude have a beast mode sign?
Is Lynch there?
doctorma comes in many forms, ask misery.
VONA star and left gaurd for the New York Giants is starting tonight.
Tune in.
Awesome awesome time spring snowboarding.
Good bye Wintergreen, see you next year!
Shutter island 
From what we know, planes and geese don't mix a Fox 5 reporter on a JetBlue plane hitting two geese today
These Boys Supa Weak !!!
And...SLP IS FINISHED!!!
Happy Easter!
I hope everyone is having a great day!
:
FYI..Childoctorn's passports are valid for 5 years.
So, when it expires you need to apply for a new child passport.
was so tired at school today, only got 3 hrs of sleep, so glad its over and i can make up some z,s tomorrow
Then get one!
We'll hook you up with some free ones soon!
If you want to prove anything, prove that you're professorssional.
Thanks for the RT !
Very, VERY excited about the pressed base that I just got!
It's superb.
Thanks and !!!
Haha.
Comfy old shoes and brunch at noon.
There are lots or great food happy hours here.
Props to Seattle for that one!
haha people on there take way too much way too seriously
Congratulations to and Shefali on the birth of their daughter!
thank you, large accomplishment!
annoyed of those LIKE IF Pictures I don't be liking shit How the fuck is a like on social network called Facebook Gonna help the situation
Im so pissed off right now.
I need some more tats
Lee just transformed me into a pile o rubber 1st work out I hope I can move later!
Trivia night with all the best friends from back home!
says the kid who cried about his foot.
You expected they'd be talking about all the hookers and blow they did last night, instead?
;
Now that Austin follows I hope he saids me spam mail and I see it on my DMs: 3
youwerecooluntil i gave you both of my helping hands and you chopped both of them off.
sorry I posted an Rt I thought was your tweet.
My bad
And then there were two!
Congratulations to 's Wolfie Jr.
and ' Buzz for making it to the final round!
The University of Texas has stood strong since 1883.
It'd be nice if MLK Blvd.
wasn't the DMZ line.
no someone stole my awesome and have had forever shirt from awe
Houston and all of your friends here misses you!
Please talk to them and let me know!
We've narrowed it down to BaseCamp vs LeanTo projectmanagementsftware.
Anyone want to tell me one is incredibly better than the other?
Broxton says sit the fuck down Rangers!
I'm bout to lol
That was a long meet and now I'm off to go get me a cup of coffeeBAMM.
I'm making my first trip to Chicago soon.
Ever been?
I guess
Dear espn, no one cares about tebow or sanchez.
They both suck.
Stop talking about them.
true bro but he's gonna have to score more in next round
true enough, but they lost some swagger.
Temple wasn't even in the top 25.
It's writingsprint time.
GO!
GO!
GO!
See you in 60min!
Tonight the President will call on Congress to make permanent my American Opportunity Tax Credit for 10K and 4 yrs of college
JerseyBoys Lookin and Sounding Great at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway
cotton candy.
yum
still have a brand new external iphone battery for ya if you want it.
i can doctorp it off wherever!
trash bag  grocery store  win?
I think tre might still be salt.
Psychological trauma of lil bros beast session on him...he might not recover.
Thanks for the FF !
And thanks for reminding me that it's Friday.
WhooHoo!
Ate a delicious pork chop at 12th Av Grill in Honolulu.
Feeling sleepyI thought it was the pork  then remembered it's 4:25am in NYC!
Yes sir its bomb im in the best shape of my life!
RT : you still doing insanity?
I'm thinking about doing it.
Email us.
Yes
You're a woman you're meant to choose not be chosen
Doug Collins at the podium.
We love the even thought the hard times.
Enough is enough.
Time to bring my A game!
BEASTMODE on CHEST, SHOULDERS  TRICEPS today.
Damn!
Hook a brother up!!
Edited all day on a tutorial for new researchers on identifying sources.
I love it.
I can't wait for it to be published.
wish I was at show tonight...
knock him out
How's your little patient?
aka the Queen lol
RISE above it!
We're updating the app for iPad.
Any specific feature requests?
Thanks, Jack!
lol I was gonna say.
I'm pretty sure I parked next to FTT's vehicle
NWST: breaks down what to do with struggling Mariners and on Seahawks doctorft and QB situation.
930 11pm KONG
Denverites!
Judy Hale is presenting tonight on professorssional credentials, certifications  more.
Which ones benefit you?
www.ISPIFRC.org
RT If were all publishing content, whos reading it?
simplyzesty.com/socialmedia/i via
Hey I would futs wit it!!!
Just consumed 980 calories in Somoa girlscoutcookies.
Crap!
You should find a good fish fry we can hit up on Friday
Alphabetical indexes are the exceptions to the topical section rule
Nothing worse than the butt inI gotta go girl
They are amazing!
:RT : The way my family just accepts him is SO great.
I think they might even love him.
People took Advantage of Mike..It wasnt right
Today I'm paying my respect to all the women if I see you tomorrow you will receive a hug from me HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to you all
Next post: Jintetsu Versus Must Pro sc2 Video protoss Vs
I used to be a goodboy, now i'm normal.
Ugh.
Foggy, humid and 65 here now.
Storms abrewin'.
Dean Smith...and at least when asked about Belichek, Revis didn't say cheater...but should've...
Meet me in the park chasing dandelions...
no, really
I'm the manager at my job know and I'm single lol
Vikings are scrambling to find a QB to play this weekend.
If you have any fantasy players from Minn.
it could be a tuff weekend.
I agree...that man was on that canoli like I dont even know
Dang my sis is always taking pics of herself
Finally got the fight on!
Grr dumb directv!
Haha I understand.
I'm not at home now, but I can make you a copy of One Night With You.
I'm glad Robert had his scope.
As it turned out, he didn't have cancer but they did find a manuscript I had misplaced last year.
:
For the first time in history the comedian has been compelled to supply himself with jokes and comedy material to compete with the machine
Finally back in Vegas!!!
im not mad at you.
we just never talk.
lets talk.
now.
since your here.
i like your name too.
tell me what is wrong?
RT Plz dont ask ppl U dont know to give U a referral on in.
U should only ask ppl who can legitimately endorse U
HAPPY SWEET 16 AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE!!!!!!!!
I ask because you linked me to your agency.
Thankful for who is at the store getting what I need for a quick trip to Atlanta in the morning...
RT : Kevin Durant is good.
//you're just NOW realizing this?
Where u folks been?
I didn't know you play for the Hornets!
:
yall are so sweet,yall are giving me a tooth ache;....
Proud of UofL...Now we're only a UK win away from 1 of the biggest sports weeks in this great state's history.
Joe Scott will be on Mile High Sports Radio on doctorvetime with Mac  Doog this afternoon at 4:20 p.m.
MT
Who's in Weston?
Safe travels!
Let's hang out soon?
I want to possibly have some friends over and play old school sega whilst wearing sombreros.
Are you a Chicago member?
Section is looking to feature some members in next newsletter.
Msg/DM 4 details.
Its all these people with their cotton candy eyes
LOL yeah i know;
In some cases, redaction fees are having an impact on reporting.
Thank god my man is ok just a little stress sorry love wish I could take all your pain n problems away

thanks ICE!
SO RAD!!
I wanna live in your world!!
Boo to bad news!
Wish you were here !
Would have loved a lil' chitchat 
out for his second leg in 3 hours....the pains of running bourbonchase with 10 people.
thanks for the follow.
really solid blog.
we will be filming Jax shortly want to team up and do a wine pairing?
I'll buy the shoe's if U come 2 ky!!
J/K
How do you like them apples Obama?
MT : Matt Damon, Ben Affleck  John Krasinski are hosting a party for our campaign.
Bloomington Aces and Allies will be walking in Circle City Pride, June 9th and would love to coordinate with asexuals at Purdue
Madison Firefighters responding to a fire in the 900 block of John Nolen near Rimisterck
Can an Encino Man MTV twilightesque series be far behind?
Working on my next blog!
so u like pretty bum bitchess
It's not so much about multitasking as about good focus with rapid ability to reprioritize
When people don't mind their own business 
yeah.
thanks.
I thought so too.
Yep!
Needs to change!
RT : Been too long since I've seen 
Are you lonely ?
Let's go ocho
It's dangerous when u tell ppl to go to a school they can afford.
Top univ need to be affordable, period.
When are they gonna start showing new episodes again?
Umm hey Ent Tonight...the Titanic was real!
Just saw a commercial for a segment about The real life titanic in Italy.
People are so stupid
just saw my first vagina with these new glasses  wow.
Yeah I still mess it up plenty, but I love no longer being at work and realizing I will miss a show.
thats because IT IS life
Independent league Worcester Tornadoes signed 47yr old Jose Canseco to a 1yr contract theresstilltimeforyou Lol.
Leveraging social dimensions of libs themselves.
I learn a lot by seeing the sets of objects my students are putting together.
i know right!
im good and u?
you're making your own.
Got a UK UL erupption zone ticket for sale, throwing in the other tickets from the lottery as well..
let me know if youre interested!!
Kingdom Life Fellowship Church meeting this Sunday for the first time at WVSU JAMES C WILSON UNIVERSITY UNION 10:30am!!!
Time to take over with
WOW!
RT : The came back from 27 down to beat the 9998 on and take a 10 series lead.
It's never too late to become what you might have been.
George Elliot
RT : Facial hair is not for everyone.
A hairy upper lip certainly isnt everyones cup of tea:...
Max greens new album containing With or without you Look on your eyes Whispers of me Your brought this on yourself Last day And some more
Don't make me mad and then tell me to calm down.
That's like shooting someone and asking why they're bleeding.
Why are so many fathers proud on prom night?
Do they not know that they're daughter is gonna get fucked by some crusty teenage boy later?
Today we have one goal in mind, how to make the 21st century, the African century South African Ambassador to Washington D.C.
The customers first impression is the most important if you want them to return.
lol what u bringing cookies?
what efforts are underway to combat the sales tax  employee issues for yoga studios?
Would like to fight this.
Honesty is the best policy Benjamin Franklin
sorry , I have to..
I need some food stamp connections.
I is in pain...
Spring Season for The Constitutional starts on Thurs.
4/1.
Tours will run daily through November.
Check www.phillywalk.com for schedule.
are you sure you R at the right place!
Sounds like it has another word before hospital!
I hate it when the prettiest people be like Oh I'm so UGLY!
Like have you seen yourself!?
You're freakkin gorgeous!!
lol but sidelines may just get their turn if the main fall off
I think my dad likes more than me
the world needs to know how doctorwsome you are.
A big thanks to Jackie and all who made it out for the trunk show this past weekend!!
My favorite Beastie has died :
livetweeting uvamiami game tonight.
gohoos by which i mean heckling uva  miami fans alike from nosebleed seats.
The perfect end to a perfect day George Killian and I are getting to know each other watching cruise ships pass Whidbey Island.
what if you arrive in Cinci at 8am?
Is skyline chili still your first meal there?
Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better.
Albert Camus
and his song Kyle are performing and they killin
Networking is not about going to an event; it's about an attitude of engagement.
the great flood by Bill Morrison and Bill Frisell at Zankel hall.
Just saw it, it was great.
And yes I realize that's old news.
But it's never too late to congratulate someone.
nice!!
: IMNYC training begins!
Yoga yesterday, swam today, weights and running tomorrow.
Long 8 months ahead!
IMNYC
I might.
What time is it?
Baltimore Bocce has made it to Twitter...End of Season party this Friday at Don't Know Tavern,811pm.
2.50 bud light and 4 sweet tea!!!
Just in case text bombing her at midnight wasn't enough, I wanna wish a happy birthday!!!
Yaaaay adulthood!
;
lol you ain't missing nothing 
Watching the Japan disaster show on Nat Geo.....in absolute shock.
Power outages reported throughout the winter storm warning areas in West Virginia.
already given away about 5 min ago.
:
how about Harvard grads have more money ?
Fact RT : You can tell a Laker fan their shoes are untied and their default response will still be
Always good to get a jump on a great day for women!
John Raese opens 7 lead in WVSen.
Now leans GOP in latest BOP.
POW lol RT Sagittarius signs are nice until their not...
And when their not you need to get out of their way.
I love cheap Target ones.
But then I like to rotate, and I tend to either sit on or lose a pair every few months.
i miss Huey and Riley...animated
I'm so sick 
follow back please?
:
debating whether I want to go to my 20th reunion.
Any help?
The first wealth is health.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I can't blame you, especially now.
I seen a WFoods in Boston having some hiring event next week in the metro.
I might apply
interview part?
wtf!?
I wasn't there last tuesday .

I miss all my old friends, you know who you are  my first status since 2011
Stop bustin my peanuts
say its not da truth doe.
Cuz wen ppl b quick to say here go threw it.
It cuz Dey know nothin n there.
Shady but true
Where online can I find the local band listings?
I think it's called Weekend Guide in print.
Been searching.....
hopefully this will b my last link ques.
Can u piggy back links from sheet 2 sheet or should they all b linked directly 2 source?
A custom muppet?!?!
That is amazing!
Did you get one?
jesus motherfucking titsonacactus christ, we are all so very, very lucky.
I think it may be time to push legislation to outlaw hoodies.
Aight while I wait for this session, let's have some fun...
Pro Tools Trivia...
Anybody game?
yeah i guess i heard wrong.
Not that terrible of a thing, at least B1G should be strong and entertaining again
the beginning of the end for SOPA was Congresspeople saying we don't understand the internet, but we're gonna regulate it anyway
proven to be reliable, affordable and an expert IT solution provider company.
We have experinced Mobile application developers in all areas
making tshirts.
gonna sell them, making my own business :
Most students struggle with defining a good research question that they can addoctorss within the scope of the class
BECOME A FAN ON FB  SLOBBERSNAKS.COM
missing everything.
Have to ck when the replay is tomorrow
you were amazing out there today !
:
True love begins when nothing is looked for in return.
Antoine De SaintExupery
listening to newboyzzz where you at
AustinInMexico please come to mexico
I like the future
Dan shulman and the Bulldog are solid.
bitches procrastinate.
yep.
why do i curse on the internet?
because i'm a procrastinating bitch that has nothing better to do.
YA
Grow Hair Now, thanks for following
DS: lining up to go for it???
I have no fucking clue how i feel about this call.
Making me ponder it with that timeout isn't helping LOL.
Every day i read news about that makes me fall more and more in love
When you are working for your self, you need to plan your work and then work your plan.
Works everytime.
moving ahead
You are the one that needs to be safe kiddo!!!
After tonight?
One.
But it's gonna be a hell of a performance.
Just doctorpping in to say thanks for the follow.
I love to retweet good marketing tips for artists.
puta!!!
in a blink of an eye my team lost FUCK!!!!!
I do love my Throat Coat tea!
Your music will thake you somewhere as long as you share it and not with just friends but the world :
winning lol.
Need me to bring something?
The pictures are beautiful
Curiosity kills the cat.
Ouch!
since the USA is poor without many funding sources how about fed sales tax 19cents we have tax on gas already...
vote!!!
doctorpped my phone over the weekend ...the inside of the screen is damaged but not cracked.
NowPlaying  StedE  Hybrid Heights  Sander Van Doorn  Riff
I wanna go running with my momma.
: Lbdas.
Miami Heat goes for 18 straight home wins against the Memphis Grizzlies.
Miami is favored by 7.5.
Tipoff is at 7:30pm on Sun Sports
that you fell for because she was everything you lacked, gave love and inspired people, and because you didn't feel she'd return your favor
Theology!
like WTF.
I will take a page from the Elena handbook
You guys know that Feige talked about signing him for two movies already, right?
Wife is doctornk off of 2 mixers.
I am starting to get a good buzz rolling.
1.5 hours to game time.
nevermind found new schedule  no practice wed
80 journals and 20 univ presses have signed up to provide content in this 'freemium' model.
MIT libs are considering subscribing
Ari Gold  Bobby Flay.
That fight would not even be close.
u ball??
Saw a friend today at the mall and she said hey have time to talk?
and i looked at her and said,..Are you kidding!
At the pace with Mama Carrino  my baby little : Lovinnnnn' the life :
Hey!
I just took a course on Route 66!
If you're looking for stuff in ABQ, let me know  I'm obsessed with the old motels...
ohh I know I am!!
But he is undeniable and my girl emotions want him!
Nope, I just got outta the bath tub and I'm pulling an all nighter / saving that for later
It sounds like a club for people who like to eat fast food a lot
But only after they've got your seminars under their belts!
and yes will do next time.
Have a good time wherever you will be.
Kind of biased, but love him.
Can count the  of times he's gone down on first hit on one hand.
Always produced with no line.
To all my followers that I don't talk to......hi!:
I don't need u tellin me and the next chick the same shit....
We need a lot of experiments, because a lot will fail.
at
: Instead of It's all about the U, Miami's new slogan should be  It's all about the 
You guys got any room for a old timer?
Looking for a carpenter/artist/builder type who will help us build a smallish custom bakery case.
Please contact me at
yup from what I hear..
But they're free 
well I would but I may have to take your cat as extra payment.
Pepsi spent 3.5 million on that?
Please follow my new account :
Our weekly lineup..Friday:  Saturday Msg for tables/parties!
2012 Lets Party!!
sex is not even an option anymore.i cant even imagine another touching me unless im truely sure  the ring is pretty :
Ready to get this Holiday Partay started y'all!
Let's do this!
:P
said this before but ARodgers is the better singer who took over the band but was not as effortlessly awesome  cool as previous 1
your sweet16 was the funnest one I've ever been too  love you so much your absolutely flawless xoxooxo
naqri??
Nahh i aint that chill with her.
We're not really friends we just live on the same street
your picture of you and Ariana is going to be in BOP magazine???
Feb.
25th, The Method Film Festival, hosting a Sneak Preview Party to announce the film lineup.
Turn Around, Kelly in lead role.
I am who I am and I don't change for anybody:
Ew math!!
Good luck dear!
You will do 
Someone should take your wallet away before you hurt someone
With Pitt RB Ray Graham going down, former Badgers RB Zach Brown takes over.
Hoping he does well  guy deserves it
I'm super excited to visit for some new photo props today!
Thanks !
Just Listed: Wild Card Hits .com 
Love how 1 pick Blake Griffin is playing a consumer to a game of SUBWAY, a la HORSE today at the Cage on West 4th Street in NYC
James Worthy and Jim Hill together must have more buttoned buttons per jacket than any other pro sports analysts in the game today.
Summer Concert line up for me/Atlanta june 7 july 2 yea.
Sounds like pretty good fantasy advice to me :
idk either maybe to see exactly what he had to defend himself against.
He knew something was coming but not exactly what
Thank you for following!3
No one says it better than Sam Clemens!
And the Knicks win it.
Huge victory  closing in on the playoffs!
Too bad Lin can't get back in the game.
NY needs to fire on all cylinders!
I hope my bro Robert come down for the summer.
Congrats!
You got a baby for Christmas.
Gift that keeps on giving...for 18 years or so.
Wow!
Those flowers are gorgeous.
Stunning color.
If we can't get John Short on Twitter, someone needs to start a fan page!
I agree with , but can't RT the guy until he can fight w real punches.
askMarcStaal.
Either way, racism has no place in hockey.
I love doctornking budweiser
Doing my doctorving times with my nigga !
Guns, car chases, explosions...good music video for Payphone all in all
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak.
Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Sir Winston Churchill
Sleep is a crucial member of the live long  healthy family.
Lots of healing in a good night's sleep.
Thanks for reminding us all!
I caught myself singing the song to one of my babies.
That song is not allowed by my rule.
I can't get attached like THAT.
sniff
For whatever reason, u have continued to maintain a list w only my name.
I am reporting your stalking 2Cox Vegas president
Made of colors and music
dude, since May 2nd I've spent 700 on her and it's only freaking May 17th!
No one understands my love for Eben except Claudia.
Like seriously.
Sounds good, thanks for listening!
we are taking further steps towards being paperless and more green in 2012.
What steps are you taking?
Bouta smoke a bowl like yea!!!!!
dailyadvice make your baby wear CU gear to look smart and cool.
At my aunts :
They gave up on calling holding 2 years ago, too.
Going swimming 
Everybody is different.
One person may feel the benefits with only 250mg whereas someone else may need 500mg.
lemme know what you think!!
Bourbon, maybe.
But rum or tequila is perfectly acceptable and should see you through.
;
Will somebody please bring me chocolate...
I'll pay you.
or me.
Yall have done something my family hasn't.
Tht day was just not myself...
I kept everything in and it just piled up more and more ...
I hope is having a great time at prom!
We missed you today!
What a reprieve!
here I thought a project was due today, it's not til next week  shall celebrate by painting another room
My trip to the Mother land was amazing.
Twitter is for beasts :
If anybody needs prayer or a friend, feel free to talk to us!
Nope!
RT : then again, is it ever too hot for chocolate and peanut butter?
thank you!!
Great new initiative on being fearless  would love to hear more over coffee some time?
Am new Comm.dir at Ashoka US.
Homeland security official guilty of fraud  CBS News
Done with his BS.
Bottom line is, you the finest.Give you a new name.
wat that ,wats that, MY BITCH!
:
What a great week!
Thanks Universe!
;
RT RT : Saving up for a mixer and getting back into my house music again.
ME ME ME ME
Thank you for the SHOUTOUTS!
and of course..it fascinates u.haha
clip full of dicks here, take this queer.
Which means i nap once i get home :
BITCH U WASNT WIT ME SHOOtIN IN THA GYM lol shit bitches do wen u get a pretty penny
IN TACOMA I.M OFF 2DAY ITS SO BEAUTIFUL SPEND ALLDAY OUT RAINS HERE MOST THE TIME,,,
Hey PGH!
Open yer pubs  whisky bottles Tap your kegs  pull down your stools Were coming thru  we're thirsty fucking bastards!
Aww get better soon !it's not good for you to be sick, you can't melt the hearts of millions like you always do!
Get better!
How does one get an invite to check out the new Google ?
How about a response.
Asking again.
A number of soldiers returning home at the gate next to mine.
Lots of cheering and applause.
Very cool.
blue and okay that's fine with me :
mother's side came in through south America and came here 2 generations ago following the revolution in Cuba
be there soon!!
I guess white people can't hold there liquor hah my boy Josh was super doctornk tryna fight niggas haha
he was dissing ur business skills...and then he super burned u at the end
Who is going to the Marburg Lecture at 3:30 today?
If you're going to get any joy out of being depressed, you've got to stand like this .
The ONLY reason GOP ever gets elected is because there are a large number who thrive on FEAR  WANT to be LIED TO
Only 1 hour until the exhibition...
Get out and enjoy this beautiful day at :
One of my neighbors is REALLY rocking out to Celine Dion right now.
if you love it...
Watching Gulliver's Travels..
today is National Smoke and Mirrors day....!!!
Hahaha don't axe me hahah
Don't blame me for you're own mistakes and problems
Ryan Seacrest always plays with my emotions on American Idol 
Yeah we think that counts
Can it be Friday?!
Who likes things that are purple??
WE Like things that are purple!!
Come check us out!!
We have a Grand Daddy Who likes purple too ;
And when I'm gone just carry on don't mourn, rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice just know that I'm lookin down on ya smilin 
We're here today because of the Life Giver.
I dont want to get up.
:P
Pocket tweet or cryptic secret message?
Tornado warning!
Jared loves this.
So do I.
We're directly in the path of the storm.
Jared is giddy that Jym is on TV right now.
A view of the great room in the Manzanita house owned by for its vacation club members staying in the wine country ...
We could still get you a team in the Summer High School League starting the beginning of June.
You think you can get a squad?
reread catching fire today.
my love for finnick odair has mean reignited.
Heading to the studio!
Just read about your jury duty  rough case!
Glad to hear you'll be speaking at FOWD in the fall though!
hahaha found old blunts in my ouija board game box...
Your mom:
: HAS A BABY A ON THE WAY ...
TWINS AT THAT : don't jinx me on kids.
Hodgson going with the failures and as expected....Carroll, Defoe, Downing should not be going.
No Johnson, Sturridge, Holt or Richards?
Hmm
Happy to know ur reading it.
I've been looking for some pointers on HowToBeBlack :P
Thinking of using as the backend for my next web app because I'm too lazy these days to do any database or user auth stuff
but i love hump day :'
Did Kerr just basically say this is a moral victory by playing UK tight?!?!
There are wordles at ignitedc right now  you'd probably love it :
Maybe I will make the fashioningcircuits students in the Spring watch Crimes of Fashion!
evil laugh
xD my kitten keeps rolling over in his cage.
WhatACutie xD I rove my Oliver3 .
P.L.U.R.3
Well played okc
I know...
: going to sleep now.
MT How 'bout WI build us a stadium if we build them a bridge?
Our bridge to nowhere750M to get to New Richmond WI?

is great but apps that offer shows from multiple networks are the future.
Dan Cohen, EVP, PayTV  Digital, Disney ABC
Just saw you as a contributor on cpd23.
You're playing, too?
Lots of international folks on this one...
lmao true.
I can't wait to pratice all night.
I can tell that you've been practicing doctorke voice lol
Thanks  I'll have the developers take a look!
Playing the Michael Jackson dance game with the babies!
Just finished playing live on KVmisterin Nevada City, CA on Wesley Robertson's Rockin'  Stompin' show.
Wes  Thanks for having us!!!
did u get my  frm yo dm make sure u get at me big head
lolol that's great
Going out and letting off some steam
im not really in the tweeting mood today :/
RT : Good news is that very strong late April sun will melt snow through the day.
Did she say 60 cause she putting up the money?
That's family for you
The man was old with a long part on the side and his hair slick down like we in the 1920s
Morning Ken!!
Up and at 'em!
Oh so yummy just finished the tomato bisque for tonight...it smells amazing!!
Seriously...let's all go to San Diego for St.
Pat's.
RT : HDNet will have a crew shooting the Zane Patrick's Day party.
It...
bulls host the trailblazers tonight !
Kids Count data reveals startling fact  over 1 million Texas childoctorn are without health insurance
they probably didn't hear a hit single in it.
'cuntrags' is hard to rhyme!
is the best, what is supposed to be?
I can't see it
and to you, as well, Bob...from your friends in The Brew City!
Really!?
how many Blogs are tweeting about S Jobs passing, while hashtaging there selves?Makes YOU a bigger
I think the stupidest things are funny
What planet r u from?shane dawson !don't lie!
I dare u to tell the truth!
my hands are literally shaking right now...
Can't wait to watch OKC punk the lakers in the next round.
THUNDER UP!
That explains a lotta things..
fish sticks!
RT I play in my sleep sucka!
Did A Few Good Men win any oscars?
Like, maybe a Best Supporting Actor?
kevinpollak KPo deserves an Oscar!
Dark already here.
.
.you still have sun for your purty walk.
xx
watching rock and roll hall of fame inductions.
forgot how sexy anthonykiedis is!!
STILL HOT!
Whoo hoo my doctornkingsig shirt is Middleburg Heights, OH and my brains have made it to Columbus, OH.
and that's why dads go to the pub
Stuck at the airport.
Plane was on time, fianc is late.
:
I got a really good embarassing story that I forgot to tell And dang its funny ass hell too lol
Go follow !
She is epic GRAND, !
My Last Friday of my Sophomore Year!
:
Being a hater is contagious study shows it affects 1 in every 5 friends its so lethal the cure cant be achieved thru hypodermic needles
Hello Denver!
Leave it to me to plan the company cookout/super bowl tailgate party on the day with a 60 chance of rain.
Looks like it will be nice weather for umwfa12 reception on Palmieri Plaza.
Sorry to miss it!
haha go do it!
Is it weird that I have both a banana and a microphone in my pocket?
It's TwitterTuesday here at the RT for a chance to win a 10 gift certificate for food  beverage on your next visit.
Don't even ask to stay the night with me.
I have a family you
Clint Eastwood is going to play Al Davis in the Raiders Movie!!!!!
Only 3 likes needed to make the magic 200!
Please share with your friends!
You don't need a guy to be happy
mmaf2011 get zip code information in the home via Packrads that doctorves to Instore, great panelist!!
luvmehateme but i live in a area where they all wana date me
Let's take just a second to note Apple's absolute silence on SOPA /
Thanks to hello tweepers.
Tenacious sorry i was too excited to tell you :
Kudos to Community Board 12 and Scott Stringer for caring about removing horrible pink slime in our school lunch meat!
Best Tuesday ever!
Haha!
:
From Charles Baker: Many of you have likely seen the heart rending testimony of Ms.
Sandoctor Fluke, a law student at Georgetown University, 
In the studio designing business cards for my clients, if ya need biz cards, flyers, or marketing materials get at me.
They finally talking to Mike Brown again.
Thanks, David!
That was very kind!
Best, Ellen
I didn't know u guys are siblings.
What is he doing now?
a faggot is a pile of sticks
I wash bad tasting food down with oj..
i bet Adoctoran wins, since he got the product placement.
racist scumbag john terry to lead england at euro 2012, what a joke.
Life just blows.
Blows.
ftw
Ahh Greenspoint at night.
Who needs Paris?
I can apparently find a French cafe in practically any city...
We all have that one teacher who's like, Don't pack up yet.
There's still 7 seconds of class left!
exactly, I live in Ohio, so me  my friend would go, but my mom wants to figure out plans on how we would get there first!
thank you!!!
goodlook out.
this new one we shot the other is crazy.
got everybody on it.
Just finished watching the recent episode.
Dale!
I miss you already!
On the eve of a day I have doctoramt of my whole entire life 
Not at all RT : If Miami wins the title without Bosh, does the criticism LeBron had to team with other stars to win end?
jealous that y'all are going to that!!!
still loving twitter
Rainy day in NYC today.
How are you liking the weather ?
Intermission time 's shakespeare in the park.
So lucky to be working with them soon!
Happy Birthday to Grand Wizard Theodore
Tonight we relocating to other hotels BC could care less that you had a reservation!
So sleepy!
OMG, there's a Kindle edition!
We need to start a crosscountry book club!

such a sweetheart!
Friday Fun Fact: Earth Day is held April 22 to increase awareness  appreciation of Earths natural environment.
Great thing about being dead?
No more taxes!!!!
it would be nice if something made sense for a change.
gotcha lol I'll text you or something tomorrow when I'm headed that way
Oomf said he wants to eat my a
I want the penguins to win so bad.
I can understand that.
But I can't motivate myself to exercise around the house.
I need to get out and do something.
SharePoint excels at community management, especially with projects.
bro just chillen man.
I heard you been slaying boys on keys
with my boys in lafeyette!
man its been to long.
doctornk allready catching up!
hitting the streets hard!
HAPPY HOUR at LOCA LUNA!
JOIN US.
Fellow Greeks and friends from 6pm10pm.
THIS FRIDAY.
my dad rewinds the tv atleast 20 times when he sees something funny before going back to live .
its about that time flyers here we go tonight!
forget the rangers 24/7 preview tonight of our will boys
I won't mention today is Nat'l Kiss Day to my hubby...b/c we kiss enough as it is!
WhoaTMI I know:
hahahaaaa!
yeah she probably was!
x
Steal is such a strong word...
I prefer Borrow.
Lol.
It's crazy how crazy I am about it.
But my biggest fear is that it will become way to commercial...
Today is a fresh start!
How exciting!!!
why do we italicize the title of The Waste Land?
I mean, I know why we're supposed to do it, but from where/whom did this mandate originate?
did you get my email?
O.M.G.
Becky look at her butt TUNECHI
yay!
Friends on twitter, Skype, and real life.
:D
MahomiesGoHard!
LETS GO CHICAGOANS RT : MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE is a trending topic in Chicago ;
5 ways to get best travel deals
kids are so fearless and honest.
Us adults can learn something from them
A pinch of probability is worth a pound of perhaps.
James Thurber, Lanterns and Lances
Well it's really not a paper but whatever....
its homework
Design is a funny word.
Some people think design means how it looks.
But of course, if you dig deeper, it's really how it works.
Steve Job
Also  Pacers fun run tomorrow at 7.
If it isn't too rainy, I'll be there.
Pretty impressive line up of speakers for FARO's 3DConference: Clevels of many serious players in the 3D space.
Proud to be among them!
I can't wait.
Our First Daughter will be graduating From LAW School.
have you contacted ?
we are very concerned about this and the lack of global attention it gets
check us out on main stage at this year's Vans Warped Tour!
...
no?
maybe just promoting!
Feels good to release a couple tears every now and then on some real nigga shit
Now I can give the Nuggets the boost  screams to help them close this series
Great game tonight!
Had a blast!
We got big planes, little planes, imaginary planes!
There's simply too much Ancient Greece to learn
Thanks for the shout out!
the best.
The opera guy though...
Over it.
Kalil and Claiborne both rock so I'm happy for both my teams.
Now the summer waiting season begins.
Made my black eyed peas with mixed greens and served over couscous.
Spiced with cumin and coriander.
I know,right?
Yum!
She isnt young enough or pretty enough to be the Presidents wife.
Newt Gingrich, talking about his first wife after divorcing her.
I just started watching a shotforshot remake of the Hangover..only with monkees and souteast asia instead of tigers and vegas.
GUYS do you have access to fb?
:O
Thanks for giving us something worthwhile to fan about.
Sweet night of fights and friends!
My daughter loves the steam roller.
Are you similar mister er, Miss Machine?
:
i want to be in the next one!!
General!
First come first serve!
RT : Is Turner and Schneider only atlethic and honors or can general live there?
Screwed by mine companies?
who is screwed?
how are the companies screwing them now and before?
where do you work now??
nowwatching Jeff Dunham.
It's not very amusing.
I wish I could autohashtag every single tweet on Twitter with humblebrag, because that's all I'm getting out of my feed today.
With For The Night: Hit Us Up For Plans3
I thought it was a tribute to the movie Aliens!.
I hate to ask this, but how is Viola Davis?
She's such a good actress ...
where's your faith in DA BEARS??
They'll score !!
Ha
That stuff all looks pretty healthy to me.
What, no coffee?
No Red Bull?
No Mountain Dew?
No donuts?
pfft Amateurs.
i just assumed you were staying with Roger.
Not the case?
I've been rate limited.
No idea what that means.
Hey how many of you have ever tried to sleep your troubles away?
It don't work Huh?
Wake up they are still there.
try praying it works.
Ohhay and Aaron thinks the way I sign my name is 'exciting'.
Win.
And I got a hundoctord when he graded my paper SO I DON'T LOOK STUPID!!!
; how are you?
If a friend asks your opinion on their music and you knew it sucked, would you be honest, try to say it was bad in a nice way, or just lie?
Nice morning with my son, although I'd advise anyone with a 2 year old to go outside of school hours  too many big kids!
are you up in Chicago this weekend for working the series?
Or up for your own fun?
I surer as hell hope so and soon.
It is quite depressing coming home to an empty house.
Time to get ready for this deployment !
Thanks for RTing that at spreading the word about our show!
:
Tool, eh?
good choice in music.
Working from home.
Nothing beats writing in pajamas.
Plus my Vday bouquet is still gorgeous.
Good job, bf.
happy mothers day
Recognizing I must give more of my timeattention to starsemerging stars
I wanted to apologize man I was caught up in the moment the other night and that's why we're called fanatics.
Go nuggets Go knicks
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
I think I know a whole lot of people who will want to be following
a vision to maintain an independent life style for our patrons,
life can be very tough....but, when one day stinks, just go to bed, rest for a few hours, and then get up and try, again!
when a boy get jealous it sometimes cute when a girlget jealous WORLD WAR 2 about to start .......
The fight against terror goes on, but tonight America has sent an unmistakable message: No matter how long it takes, justice will be done.
amazing Tuna Tartar and delicious Malbec  Aria made my night!
Getting Purty with a new haircut :
glad to be among the beautiful people 
can you let me do what I want....?
The sequel to Cabin in the Woods should star James Woods and be called Woods in the Cabin.
If you ever see an older white guy, and a semiyoung Asian girl together...you can bet your balls he bought her.
Happy TUESDAY!!
Hope everyone had a good Memorial Day!
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Back atcha my friend!
In my doctoram last night, I watched Justin Bieber take recreational penicillin, and I asked if I could borrow his hair piece.
Im sorry!
I feel your pain haha.
Im At steak And shake late night smashin and studyin!
Call us for our promo specials 410.513.9199
Awh I like talking to you.
:
did you notice Idoctors Elba's hat doing the continuity dance?
Hopefully tonight turns out good with me and
The first and most important step toward success is the feeling that YOU CAN succeed!!
Your rendition of BLUE is BEAUTIFUL, PaytonXOXO
Thank you!
This now means that we'll have many more fun articles to come!
Excited for the Diamond Collar Awards at the Oregon Humane Society Heroes Luncheon honoring heroic pets and people.
It's a girl!
Congrats and Joe Waterman.
Wishing you all the best!
Can't make babies without a seed though.
Making life is a mutual thing.
For me, the words white and African don't mix and weren't intended to.
Michael Eubank welcome to asu football!
Looking forward to PAC12 Titles
follow back
PRSANCC Keep your eyes on mobile, bc we are.
Andoctorw Noyes, FB
Is loving taylorswift new song ours love it!!!!
:
...
and the stupid please send me paper copies form is attached to all the paper copes in a huge packet.
WTH?
Going to try to go back to bed now..
that cough medicine is kicking in.
waiting on someone to create nuance characters for Twitter
Heck yes you do!
Follow if you don't already!
I might...
I will see what I can do.
I wish I could hire a ghost writer.
Ill never be able to clean my apartment faster than when someone texts saying theyre coming over.
okay how r u
i see bunnies,..
and pastel flashbacks....Happy Easter...PEEPS!
now's not the time for a
I hate all of youu
wondering how we stack on wind vs Chicago  the windy city...
I remember cold not wind....Vegas has to win out
I'm not even worried about my dad not coming to my graduation, sadly I have other things to worry about
feeling very bored, what can I do to make me feel Im living again.
I WANT TO FIND MY PASSION BACK.
GIVE ME SOME SUGGESTION
Starting a new tweet topic doubletakeoftheday  Business man on segway, sitting in traffic in dupont circle.
How do you commute to work?
they make red velvet pancakes?!
Patriot League announces Rowing Academic AllLeague Team, ScholarAthlete  Patriot League Official Athletic Site
indeed!
Although I get it not just from other professor.
well maybe i might get with a big woman but they are to grumpy most of the time!
aww well we're glad you liked it!
: :
OMG I want thiss!!!!
hey pretty please
I need a man n my sheets at this moment
text me back hoe
caramel goes great with apples!
; randomthoughts ..be safe

shoot me an email:  saw your bio  I am mom to a preemie daughter  she is now almost 9!
I knew I was in trouble with my mom when she would start to pray as she took off her jewelry.
It is so cold outside, brrrrrrrrr!
Winter always starts right after Halloween here.
Will shiver all the way home.
past and present alternate into a very interesting flashback and reality.
Thanks for the retweet Taa..
I do need to talk to you.
When you get a chance can you call my office.
7195508282.
Broken watch and phone after taking a huge digger last night
May 8th: Municipal elections in Irvington, Orange, West Orange, Belleville, Montclair,  Nutley.
Vote!
If you're not registered, get to it!
It's almost here!
duh, and we're letting the crowd and spread out so we could run faster.
Went to the pool with my little sister today  qot a tan XD.
Cheers!
RT Big thanks David Bell for hanging out w/ us until last call for ACBW last night.
Gr8 group  the DPLA hackathon, bummed , and a host of others aren't here
Money is the root of ALL evil !!!
um no its a partly at the pazzie place not at my house ..
or what do you mean
Jordan says thousands of documents have been released in transparency.
This is part of the open records request filed by EP Times
Chill the fuck out, slut.
The wind and the rain are coming crashing in.
How was everyone's day?
Thank you!!
The necklace is super beautiful!!
:
Ignore What People Say Hey This Hey That!
You'll Be Alright  Proud You Ignored It Anyway Rumors Arent True People Hatin on You To This Day.
Don'tBeScared To Admit Sometimes You Totally FanGirl Over And
Thank you, but why?
Everything is coming together so nicely!
Join us, right across the street!
Hotel guests receive 10 off your bill.
Make sure to get a VIP card from the concierge.
Checked in at
a lady friend can turn into a relationship.
thanks so much!!
Ya had to be Dave's shots, they were so awesome, thanks for checking out the review
Independent Vendors selling their goods at Eastern Market.
Thanks.
He is a freakin gem.
Having him keep a virtual eye on is he sips the bubbly and entertains Spain!
Thanks, I love K
If I lived 5 blocks from Oram's, I would have exploded years ago.
Happy Easter Everyone!
coffee mugs on my desk: World's Greatest Boss, Homer Simpson D'oh!
lies just trying to get him followers no man has all that power
No prob Ashley!
If you have a second later check out my music, I'm sure you'll laugh and enjoy it :
Enrique Eglesias on my pandora.
but it's not Hero.
SKIP.
lol good luck in the NBAPlayoffs Where will you be for tonight's Thunder/Mavs game?
You know what I havn't said in a while?Cockblocker.
Okay, I feel better now 8
What y'all lack in warm and cuddly, you make up for with 'splosions and real life special effects.
Hey Lacuna Coil.
Judith wants her song back
The awesome days when you have meds to make you doctorwsy so you end up takin 5 hour naps
what about him?
I hope phase 2 is gonna be in c.hill!
I'm on my way there :
It seems to me that playing with a toy whose origin can be traced to before the time of Christ is not a fad.
RT Today is National Lost Sock Memorial Day.
Time to turn its partner into a puppet and buy a new pair// More sock news.
RT Yes, I tip on takeout.
More than in restaurants.
A lot harder than carrying a plate to your table.
And they need the money
Oh don't worry I'm sure we'll get another chance at that when the new Dallas starts up!
Sorry is nothing, the real apology comes when you can look in their eyes and see they hurt themselves just as much.
Why is a sorority girl like railroad tracks?
She's been laid all over the country
Things that are happening now : the Hunger Games
Looking forward to moderating panel at panel at Muse2012 on new digital opportunities w/ , , ,
RFT Expect the unexpected.
People will always turn out to be the way they say they'd never be.
If you can't hang then there the door baby.
Sleeping With Sirens inlove with this song.
A3.
If you lick the salt mines in Germany, ya get free lederhosen!
Verizon Wireless Brings the Power of Its 4G LTE Network to Myrtle Beach: Customers with 4G LTE devices will now be able to enjoy the ...
Odd, keep us updated on Skeeter.
: Do people realize how ugly the duck face is?
why gross notnatural
: ithurtswhen The world is eating BBQ and dip and I'm being good.
amen sister.
Can I have some chipsandsalsa now?
Today's affirmation: I appreciate all that I have.
supposed to be frugal, unemployed :p
calm the f down :
want to see my forigen language??
:D
We can't wait to see everybody who reserved lanes tonight at Splitsville for Strike Out Child Abuse!
Going to be a great event!
GotLeads ask to more!
Let us help you with
Home invasion robbery involving shotgun at Warner Pacific College campus.
No one hurt.
Dear seamless web team, you are awesome!
Great experience start to finish  thank you!
we're gonna be rocking downtown homie!
Welcome to work in the 317!
Can't have all work and no play...
Jamaica yes.
I see.
i ride the swaggin wagon :D
When I miss place things I feel like Google should be able to find it since its all high tech.
With the autofill...
Be proud of what you did!!!!
Trending worldwide!!!!
good luck from all of your chiefsnation fans.
Beat the broncos.
Two new specials today!
Roasted Tomato and Pesto Omelette Filled with, Provolone Cheese, Spinach, Topped with Basil Pesto
captainin Jim's is now offering an a la carte menu  seafood buffet.
Coconut Shrimp, Baked Gulf Red Snapper, Crab Legs, Oysters....
She DoinTooMuch tryna get this boy attention
i will :D
goodbye girl!
Got the feeling somone is in my twiitter account gonna change my password
NARK, The Chuck Shaffer Picture Show, Ducky  The Vintage, Sadie Lex Machine  Dime Street Joker all make a return to Dobbs!Doors at 7pm
ClergyProblems?
RT : Anyone at Homiletics2012 have a red stole I can borrow for when I preach at 1:30?
Just got my hair done :
the goonies one of the greatest movies of alltime
This man asked to basically be my sugar daddy tonight.
I has to politely decline.
Lol
I am I don't miss an episode
:D that was sweet!
Thanks Ashlie
We need those for City Hall bake sales
Follow Sunday
cool!
Tweet me sometime!
;
Here they go bringing up lebron keep the real MVP outta this
Did you die?
testing...
please ignore thanks
darn I'm going to miss you during study hall :/ get enough sleep 3
what it do lor sis?
I wanted 2 know what your plans were 4 the day..
Thompson square you really need to fire her stylist.
not sure which look ais worse performance or red carpet.
not a problem.
I might be out there this month.
Can we get pizza while I'm there?
He's nice to people 'n animals...
but you oughta hear him talkin' to a golf ball!Dennis The Menace.
It's too late to go a different weekend?
Is the world ending?
You are so amazing I love you so much!
Good luck with moving :
If decision makers watch this weekends series, both of our teams might get contracted.
Cheers all, it's Monday...
Sorry for the Twitterflood, tweeps who are not at womcc with me.
I hope you're getting some value from my sharing today!
Thanks to for taking of In ATL today
yes plenty thanks!
BESTFEST RT Thinking we will be before the game, if nothing comes up from friarhood.
stop by for a doctornk
these muscle aches really turn me on:
your Bengals beat us Titans out of the wild card.
But thanks for representin and playing the game just like we would've lol :P
Book me asap shows are almost full and now I'm starting to get booked for my summer dates!!!
Thank you so much for inspiring me everyday!
All of you Boyz are so amazingly talented  thanks for everything I love You
why am I not surprised.
Honestly I love my life but I wish I was a little more happy...a little stress from a lot of mess hope like hell my day goes good
Its on Today!
The London OA science meetup Dec 1st at Jam Tree Pub, 7pm
From Planet Funk: 'The Funkasaurus'!
I've read or reread about 10 Newbery winners in the last few weeks  for online class from ALAALSC.
mostly they are Very Good Books.
Starbucks is just what I need right now.
Yummmyyy.
So glad Australia has an anthem to sing to
Happy Friday to...
FF Enjoy your weekend!
Hey trevor do you play xbox or something may you please follow me when you get this
Talk about a speed trap..
Residents of a Polish Town play a prank on a local speeder..
the town folk raised the speeders car up on a tree..
RT : halfprice wine night tonight at our store in Clifton.
whatever!
You're perffff, the end.
: lemme know next time you're doing your thing in NYCsire will
Support the real music and not the fake..real music is music you could relate tooYOUNG.S
aha aww want me to help ya learn?
Yay!
donated butcher paper for the Iconathon in Seattle 2morrow!
Everything in place for an awesome event: BUT WE NEED DESIGNERS!
damn the time i decide not to go to home haha its okay i will see you tonorrow in San Antonio haha
We all know I really made a B in that Latin Comp course.
But I'm not arguing with the transcript.
TODAY, give somebody the good news about JESUS' LOVE.
FORGIVENESS.
HOPE.
u dont even have faith in yourself lol
phone cover
I don't have time for online videos of people presenting ideas.
I prefer a new technology called reading, enabling me to get info faster.
hahaha really?
you only have one dimple too??
Yay!
I finally got my hair done!
Thanks to and for the referral!
I didn't manage to get your stylist!
Excited for a great event today hosted by Ad Fed Louisville  Spring Day at the Downs!
Austin loves me ;D 3
wanted you to know and I referenced you twice in a presentation today.
Yeh......we need to start inhaling those healthy fumes, again.
How I've missed you, gasoline!
;
RT : Cool  RT : Google Superbowl Commercial made with screen captainre 6 million visits.
say
What a game!
Lakes misses 3 and hightower goes to FT line..20 seconds.
Just read your tweet about your dad.
I know you miss him terribly, Jon!
it's one of my favorites.
i want to sleep more!
:p.
sorry for late reply.
U can have a dog in our complex if its for medical reasons.
Lol so a therapy dog may be on its way
Os Guinness: Christianity is not true because it works.
It works because it is true.
Eph.
4:15 Speak the truth in love.
Be truthful!
shoulda came to the moose
Oh, if you could only smell this liquid smoke marinade that I just poured over this chicken for lunch...O'boi!
I think being in the creative business makes photo ops ten times better.
Glad to have changed the mood : have an awesome day!
Whoever likes us gets automatically is entered for the chance to win some prizes.
Every bit of support helps.
it makes it American only which is ridiculous
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year!
2010 will be your year.
USA winning at half 20 against Brazil in Confederations Cup Final!
I suspect it's going to be a wild second half.
USA needs to play tough
let's talk about ur website I'm very intrigued w wat ur doing
I think my cat has a bag fetish.
I need to be up in 5 hours and I can't sleep.
Ahh
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked  How tall are you  haha obviously taller than you !
6'
Expect more of yourself by being less like you and more like Him.
There is something to be said of those who walk out the fruitifthespirit!
See how fun can change behaviour for the better at www.thefuntheory.com
he good bad ass hell
I sent an alllibrarian email.
Clearly that will clear all problems.
Or at least make a few people chuckle.
models Casting call Casting Print Rate: 2500.00  20 agency.
Non union video rate option : 750.00  20
I guess I'm working alone today?
look here Bruh you had me crying laughing from the beginning to the end of ThinkLikeAMan a must see for everyone
Thank you for the recomendation!
It is much appreciated.
Why am I here alone?
I need my
Time for WWE RAW :
hey...I'm good...workin on sum things....how are u doin???
From South Grove TAP meeting: Annual teacher evaluations with meaningful feedback to teachers is very positive.
I'm not watching it right now...bad or good?
Changing my name to Madison Root
A: You know, I've always been confused by thatKevin was white AND wealthyyou'd think he'd have been a higher priority...
Clouds and thick darkness surround him; righteousness and justice are the foundation of his throne.
Psalm 97:2
need the prayers to go up again go to court today been up all night prepping
It was very sad b/c nobody showed up!
It was a housing program organized by Hal V who is a faculty in res.
Tough time of year.
In a 1996 Fresh Air interview, Steve Jobs said he brought a liberal arts perspective to computers.
I wish my mama was around..a nigga sho do miss her
Cool: gives a shoutout: helping solve data needs AND empower economic opportunity.
YAY!
So glad to hear that!
It's fight time !!!!
For some reason I can't stop thinking about them.
whosgonnalose  Green Bay at Arizona  Green Bay will lose
Do you love coffee?
oh, should I ne excited then?
Lol.
Ladies come get those Sunday Morning hairstyles ready 6320 Winchester Road
You are very welcome :D
Thanks for your advice.
I'm definitely still learning!
What the hell Chicago weather?
Sure have it rain here in logan square but not downtown, but as soon as I go downtown have it rain.
is awesome.
True story!
Had a lovely morning working with an old friend.
Much of being an artist is justifying our efforts against onslaught of conformity Most people only interested in our output not our process
Turtle bunny
RT : just got off the phone w/ Eddie Bocanegra.
He's doing great work, inspiring us to go where the issues are....
Hi Interesting article!
Would you recommend the use of Twitter to every educator?
I am not really at the grocery store I must be at the Zoo I think...
Sheets.
For sure.
Whats good folks?
Been awhile.
I saw that and traded every single good player that A's had, WTF is going on?
I keep falling for guys that live in other countries.
Right now there's one in Canada, Dubai and China.
Kinda like my school days long ago, lately the same WMATA bus doctorver takes me to work and back home again, AM and PM.
It's oddly comforting.
I was the only person on the bus.
Only.
That has happened a total of zero times before.
RT : I wonder where all them laker fans at
What socialmedia topics do you want to see discussed at our upcoming ROI event?
you guys should come to chicagoo :
The energy that you put out there is the energy that's reversed back to you.
March is on in 7 minutes!
Get to the Civic Center NOW!
We need as many as we can get!
T.D.
Jakes said that on the Oprah I watched yesterday.
An insight I'd never considered, but totally understand and appreciate.
Dirty Thoughts 
Yeah.
I'm going to see Hunger Ganges now.
Good point.
:
Listen, y'allLove Gotye.
Dig his music.
Listened to him for 4 yrs thanks to Air France.
But for the love, NO MORE Someone I Used to Know.
so stoked to have you guys on board with our project!
Can't wait to see the new looks :
stop eyeballing me
I'd love to come to your event on 7/21!
What time and where?
If you're so afraid of losing me at least act like it.
I'll pick you up.
I was in town and imma boutta leave.
OT anyone?
Thanks, guys!
:
Sneaky indeed ;
Girl yes , im getting to mad !
Welcome back Tommy Wingels...Hope u have a great comeback game tonight!
GO SHARKS!
And now LeBrick is throwing his worthless 2 cents into the fray.
Http://www.eclecticcompanytheatre.org  you'd think Twitter would know to automatically make a link out of web addoctorsses....
Let's end fall rush week 2011 with a bang...
BYX Barn Dance 2011 tonight  8PM  4 Bar K on 82nd street.
Legit tshirts are 15 at the door!
Hell Yeah bitches lets do it !!!!!!!!!!!
waisted haha
Now watching National Treasure.
I've decided I'm going to light my house entirely with troughs full of flaming oil.
Good morning everyone...go for it!
What's your it today?
doctorgRace SHARON NEEDLES SHARON NEEDLES SHARON NEEDLES I FRICKN LOVE HER
Reason 1 I love hockeyradio  radio ad for an Edmonton eatery  Don't go for a meal.
Go for an experience.
Asian Village.
So do you all pronounce jogging with a soft J?
i absolutely love you guys so much i would love to see you guys get on the road and tour i would love to see you in Chicago.
somethingilearnedlongago that you could care less.
wow i like their website.
i will check it out
Halfway to justice
Today I learned two lessons: there's good and bad in everyone, and no matter what your decision is someone will disagree.
and how would I do that
today was like a never ending day of biz.
I just saw you !
Thanks !
I won an early reviewers copy of Viva La Madness by J J Connolly
thinks this is a chris issac video and that he's chris issac.
yo G we actually arent going to have it all done tonight sorry doggy but IT WILL be done by the end of da week!!
It's so cold
CHRISTMAS PARTY AT MIDDLE ROAD TONIGHT.
YAY
This rain makes me even more desperate for summer .
can't wait!
I just wanna lay in the sun until my skin is burnt.
3
Do not set foot on the path of the wicked or walk in the way of evil men.
Proverbs 4:14
Tonight is the night at toc bat with model athena and I til 4am...
taking some personal time at antidote...the best coffee shop in houston.
Question make stories grow.
Use your smile to change the world, but don't let the world change your smile.
I'm gonna go watch anime and listen to Lydia :3
I am looking forward to seeing them around town.
:
Haha can't wait for the entertainment on Facebook tomorrow.
Foreigners got talent, haha.
Agreed It's a bit tricky..
I'm still trying to find a balance between maintaining interest and clarity.
Probably much earlier.
Need to be home when school is out.
i hate hate hate june bugs.
the dumbass motherfuckers piss me the fuck off.
yeah i know.
screw em!
FF ::: SIKMIXXRADIO!!!
ONLINE RADIO!!!!
GO FOLLOW
You were definitely close.
I get a lot of phantom let down feelings around babies.
This was my first on Twitter.
:
11 a.m.?
What happened at this time?
IMissWhen i was always on twitter over the summer reading  tweets 3
Very funny!
No fraud here :
oh ok i wanna go to one
It's 300 degrees on this bus
The fallout shelter is lookibg good right niw...
SAVAGE PIXELS 10: A RETRO SPECIAL...
with Gold Panda, Iain Lee and some ZX ...
doctorwned In Sound: doctorwned In So...
I guess Denzel is enjoying that hot bar.
They have best food!
thank you ashley !
:
: don't worry Coach, I bring in the testosterone for the group KSRCollege me too...
?
how I'm supposed to help over twitter?
Lol
How do you blindfold a chink?
Dental floss.
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:
My teacher on the computer lookin at swimsuits lol shit she ready for summer too
Where are you?
That mixologist sounds like Picasso!
Watching the
Life is too short, Grudqes:a waste of perfect happiness, laugh when you can, apologize when you should and let go of what you can't change.
I always have headaches
just tried to hard sell me insurance for a iPhone case for 1.
Annoying.
Why not just markup price and include it for free?
ALWAYS OPEN MIDED NEVER THINKING IN THE BOX I KEEP IT UNIQUE FROM MY HEAD TO THE SOCKSYOUNG.S
another reason not to eat fast food.
It's not only bad for u, but some stuff u don't want can end up in what u order.
Lol I got a few!!
at the library...suppose to be doing research but um....well..you see what Im doing..smh..
I love twitter :D
who else get out tomorrow besides us ?
lol u u got ur guy now I need Coples to fall in the Monstas cave
FF to the person who made my Oscar Day by using the word fucktard 
Indiana takes out Kentucky!!!!
Great...don't talk to me.
That's cool....
Cause I did something to make you stop talking to me.
So I leave Chicago and I hear theres been a sighting scoring goals for the reserve team...
and that's Goals with an S
they should do a twitcam and dance like that the whole time.
Counting down the days till I'm in Spain!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day to everyone!!
ur so low.
12,000 for child support my ass!!
u can suck my size A nuggest!
RT : Bristol Palin is doing a reality show, despite her mother's longstanding objection to reality.
Check out www.theclevelandsportsreport.com for a excellent article about Saturday's show.
Mark your claendars for Feb.
5th.
Your welcome!!
xox
Oklahoma State wouldn't score 27 points in 27 years against LSU or Alabama
A day not making money is a day wasted!;
First 20 who follows my bestie gets a shoutout from me!!
i promise , HURRY !!
If happy ever after did exsist, I'd still be holding you like this 3
I'm not moving guys.
Sheesh, I was jk lmao
Off to Dallas then Atlanta!
: A hand job's a man's job.
Suck it, fuck it, or go home This girls outta hand rachel hahaha
QPR supporters now in professornity mode...
I'll be sure to let him know that you enjoyed the show!!!
NY Giants stuck his ass!!
San Fran here we come!!
: as does Deity.
I'm not really sad; just trying to figure out what to do when feeling alone in this in Ctown.
Freaking love your new song
Love Love Love Listening to SuperBass!!!!!
RT if u know the rap.....
Oh!
And don't forget Porter.
Lowest rung on the railroad professorssion becomes pretentious suburbanite girl's name.
I remeber the day followed me : 3
I just made a Mouse Of Today pledge on WFMU for TomThon.
All of you fans of BestShowWFMU or WFMU know you can beat me easily
Who's the mystery man for interview for the RedSox job?
Shouts to for that follow
Just spent an inordinate amount of time waving at a mechanical paper towel dispenser.
Exactly!!!
The original MORE than withstands the test of time.
No offense to Depp, but he's no Powell!
I'm sad.
.commercial: yes you do At the dealership:I'm sorry where out of shufflin hamsters.
: went to M Burger and got the worst burger I've had in a while.
I'm done with them for good...never going back...EVER
this is maiden voyage of tweets as we start our podcast that takes place live in a cab
GREAT.
now I have the Dawson's Creek music stuck in my head...
;
trying to stay awake, getting sleepy 00  oo    00 and so it repeats lol ,IMO twitters pretty cool!
I want to thank god for everything!Hes the best thing that ever happened to me!Without him i wouldnt have Great Family!And my TRUE Friends
TONIGHT  Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's JRoc  Justin George along with The Lotus Dance Team at ABQ's Best Danceclub  Lotus Nightclub!
You make me wanna doctorp3
hey today feel good out
Solar energy is an inexhaustible fuel source that emits zero pollution and zero noise.
it is HOT in my office
Very true.
Although, I have been trying to cut down on it.
It's pretty harsh on my digestive system.
Bouta play grand theft auto vice city..get my mind off stress
what does FF mean?
Is it dirty ?
she has her moments...
Not sure.
Maybe can give us a quick twitter update.
as will I...lol I just got out of the bounce house...yee haw
you should come preform at Cleveland, Ohio!!
I'd be there!
3
Looks like Conrad might get to play 2nd tomorrow.
powerofwork everybody is talking about Clifton's book, the Coming Jobs War...including Noel Ginsburg.
Gotta read it.
of course!
I'm just learning about all you have to offer.
I would also love to sign up to teach some classes in the summer.
no im hurt cause everyones startin on me callin me fake and everythin
Grading concert reports from Music Appreciation students.When a student uses words like embolden, you know it's from Wikipedia.
And it is!
such a long day thank god that it is over!!!!
Just finished watching Detroit 187 on Netflix.
Gr8 showcharacters awesome, most shos can't do that after 10 yrs!
If were to retweet this...
Claire would be soo happy!
She needs a big smile!
I think he will.
May take some time off first.
Luis Enrique prob will manage Barca now  you'll see AVB reemerge w/ AS Roma.
when we gon here some more of that fie shit
thats cool you meet one direction what were they like in preson?
Welcome to twitter !
Applying for jobs and then waiting for feeback makes me feel like Buffalo Bill.
Would you hire me?
I'd hire me.
I'd hire me HARD.
how u been long time no hear
Come out and check out our canstruction help us win peoples choice!
Trust in yourself.
Your perceptions are often far more accurate than you are willing to believe.
Claudia Black
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
Napoleon Hill
That is awesome!
Let's take a minute to remember the Setif massacre which took place in '45  left an estimated 45,000 Algerian Muslims dead.
Pindar Words have a longer life than deeds.
:' i'm such a weirdo huh, lol RT Lol made me laugh today 
Have a great weekend!!!
What if every time I've done an OH tweet, it's been something I've said?
what is going on?
what are you doing?
At another FABULOUS meeting.
Glad to see all these faces here to help others.
Let us know if you want to help denver's atrisk youth!
Tony Pietrantonio Knockout: The Brutal Art of the Perfect Knockout Punch
Mari gone gt something done to dis head today
not thinking straight
: Tension in Wisconsin is so thick you could cut it like a Waukesha ballot bag.
CALORIES: Those tiny and naughty creatures that live in your closet and sew your clothes a little tighter each night...
Q2 Probably bright and cheerful, but I love the charm of old buildings too.
has an intriguing, though not perfect, combo.
teamlesbian Hi my name is Bert.
I'm a real person contacting you.
And I tell you this bc I'm trying to promote my film, 3rd Wheel
Thxs....Womens tees are on the design table now!
What would you want on a shirt?
hahaha indeed it is!
This is living
Thank you Walmart for all the time and energy you are putting into making miracles happen in Greater Orlando!
We appreciate it!
King Of The Hill is simply amazing!
RT : What's the plan this week?
Get it
sigh, isn't it so awesome that we are dependent on a social network that is such a struggle to use?
sending out the latest investor update..
play this song at my funeralmy mom while listening to 's party rock anthem ...
Dont be the next tshirt im tryna tell u
MAMSummit attending MidAtlantic Marketing Summit in D.C.
Very informative  current!
that's cuz I be dealing with too much foolery.
Nathan is the nipple pincher pro
Blue barn?
hahahahaha that just shows how good they are :p
I don't have a Facebook account people are the new I don't have a TV people.
It's not that easy as you think.
on channel 2!
It's the last episode or episodes I think.
I'm still watching it.
:O lily has her baby !
How tweet it is to be loved by you!
I love you too.
Good Morning!
anytime sugar I'll start saving up lol as long as I get to play wit them once every couple of months
Anyone know where I can buy lots of cheap flash doctorves?
Thanx
Unless you've tried at least twice, to push it forward to th  next step, NeVER write a girl off  think she doesn't like u
yep i was walking 2 my next class and he tried 2 cut it
Looking for seasoned franchises for sale.
23 with nets of at least 1 mil cumulatively.
Have anything?
Thanks
You mad grandpa?
YOU JEALOUS?
you bet your boots I'm jealous!
in mah bed, where else?
sounds cool.
Hosting a dinner party tonight tho.
Next time.
Remind me please!
Journey is over.
We have made it to the beach.
Yay I can sleep.
OK OK OK Here is the scoop!
House hunting is no joke.
NorthPark  BankersHill  so many 2bd/1baths...
What gives?!
Girls need 2 bathrooms.
Come on house gods.
SO TRUE!
It is perfectly okay to write garbageas long as you edit brilliantly.
C.
J.
Cherryh
Headed to see The Social Network this afternoon.
Hope it's as good as the book it's based on, Accidental Billionaires.
yeh it was ok I hate the reading one !
Remember when we actually made Advertising?
time to wish for you to follow me!: 33
What's the KAHNNN yell for?
:
IanEastwood and BaileyAnderson  assfghjkl; they're just so cute and hot lmao
As soon as I get high and step into the shower, Q104.3 starts playin Jammin
Can we start a music revolution!?!
Jane Fonda back on Broadway after 40 years.
I get her autograph after her magnificent 33 Variations performance.
not a baby in the purse?!!
said a fake Louie bag  baby named Gucci..I couldn't help but laugh at that...ALL BAD
On with new music from, , , , and your music suggestions!
Fun at the races with !!
we can make it happen with your name on it or whatever!
We can discuss a FreshKics customize pair over over
Longbow: check
God Weiters is such a beast.
my cats brain is broken :
I feel like this Saturday at graduation I'll finally see my high school friends.
can'twait
Glad you found something.
Unfortunately, I live about 70 miles north of Salina.
Wish I could have said hello in person.
thanks for the props, Lex.
Go Wings!
Registrations are rolling in for summer 2011!
Get yours in today and be a part of DWC DC or DWC in the Wild: Costa Rica!
whhhattt?!
i was at south coast last night too!
Kim!!
By far the best contestant :
27 years Anthony Melvin Flowers was Born!
Happy Birthday to myself
I try to!
Whether or not I'm good at poetry is another story, though.
Been reading about Deerbook  love it.
Favorite author?
Chevy QOTD What is your BIGGEST pet peeve with other doctorvers?
Kinda hurtin' inside.
MT : Enjoyed helping at The validation canvas model is smart: thinking like a scientist is built into the process.
I wish I could attend edcampbham, but I already have plans.
I hope an edcampatl person goes and reports back
lol.
he doesn't need that kinda trouble
The debut of the one and only DJ tonight!
Watching bad girls club :
Austin I think I wanna marry you.
:
HappyBirthdayTravisClark WE LOVE YOU
are you related to Judas?
good morning:
I hate crossing big busy rodes, especially in summit I'll.
get inn some dance clothes in my bag so I can practice on an hour.lol.
NEED EVERY ONE TO LOOK AT MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL  YungSmookDawg Thank You
thanks for the mention, will be sure to take a look!
do I know you??
The Aztecs are leading the Broncos at the half 3822.
J Franklin is leading all scorers with 12 points.
Playing spoons  homework
: who says ur not Star potential?
Who says ur not presidential?
When your real you shouldn't have to brag about it, cause it's something that just shows...
dude.
I'm pretty sure we were Siamese twins at birth, attached at the heart.
Our parents are keeping shit from us I know it.
Community murdered tonight.
Greatest 2 episodes ever
I deserve a medal for making it through the week without stabbing someone with a fork.
we can solve that whole sucking at iPad typing thing.
Check out our typing trainer app on the store.
Happy birthday to myself and I know my doctorams will come true and that love reigns everywhere
clue could you interview ja rule when he get out it won't be long
Been tryin to reach ya regarding a Bo Jackson event!
my email is Take care!
Register today for the upcoming Heartland Worship Institute....the price goes up tomorrow by another ten bucks.
Don't miss out!
What five things can you do today towards your success?
Commit to your
: Moxie coming home today!?!?
MEOW YES!!
MEW MEW MEW
Monday state employee special!!!!
Beck's beer 2.75!!!!
Seriously miss my friends
El Times, formerly NYT
We do as well Ryan, We need to make Detroit a better place!
We are hearing unconfirmed reports that a 3yr old was shot :
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.Ralph Waldo Emerson
my body hurt !!
: MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I fought on the court.....
oops she would have to get in line!
Wait til u see this year's poster!
Well , will see :
i'm not going to call you a jerk.
that'd be giving you too much credit.
people that are new to the EDM scene and think thats what's hot right now.
Those are the ones that get going.
I'm in need of a live chat.
Who's with me?
Antiaging toolkits should include LCarnitine which helps to maintain metabolism and memory
I tend toward the former, but I understand my colleagues on the other side of the pond say it differently.
New iPhone screen casts coming soon..
My brother returning home from Afghanistan :
Day 36 of 100: I'm thankful for the wonderfulness and unexpectedness of the random turn of events that life is
How is that even possible...
I ended up spending more money downtown during all the St.Patrick's Day celebration than I did during Superbowl
Now rappers talkin about doctorvin Knowin God dam well they aint got they L's!
RT : It's Richard's birthday today.
Let's get him a kidney.
RT saverichard
Today was everything!
I had a ball with my friends.
Even I couldn't finish one of our Woodland doctoram doctornks.
Dare you to try!
Text my phone cause I forgot my ipod :
I think the clippers are gonna lose the series now
We're experiencing some technical difficulties; the new shirt will be up as soon as we can!
Stuck on 1,457 followers!
Unfollowing people who aren't following me.
Sorry:
Charles is getting old Brandy wants her name in his will :
Lets Go Seawolves.
Rooting for you Coach Steve Pikiell.
Isn't that right RosO Kid ?
Let's have a good practice today!
waiting on a msg or a call, i wont answer anything after 12..if its like last night i will be upset!!
Roger that!
Congrats to Homecoming Committee on a very well done Fifth Quarter.
I'm so proud of you guys!
It's almost game day!
Thanks for the visit tonight...we missed you.
Ok, a little warning thay there are kids in the office would have be nice before I doctorp a few choice words!
The airlort terminal smells like piss.
At least they have good beer here.
Happy Anniversary to my amazing parents!
33 years  counting!
u better spell it right mfer
Going to bed is always the highlight of my day.
ILoveSleep 3
def broskii..you around tomorrow?
Maybe you can come to guilt for a bit
re: roundtable, where is the office located?
I think the Bulls ahve an excellent chance to win either wayif Deng is still in possession of the balls he found for Game 5,
holy goosebumps, that performance killed!
keep the holiday fun going tomorrow at Martini 494 Bistro  they're turning 1!
let's celebrate.
No one really knew who Samuel L.
Jackson was until 1994, when Pulp Fiction was released.
By then, he was 46 years old.
Thanks!
Have a great weekend.
Going back to bed!
Adios :
Im glad you like them.
I Choose tha streets!
can't wait to see Repo: the Genetic Opera this weekend!
and maybe?
7days a week/ 7 different freaks but I got tired of fuckin hoes/ so I just smoke and count my cheese
That moment when your parents are in a good mood and they give you what you want:!
lol do you make these up or...?
:P
Hey!!!
U guys im bak GOODMORING :
Chucking positive vibes your way, from a fellow Eurekan turned Los Angelonianangeloseonangieoneite.
Mkay.
Starting to warm up in the office...
oh man.
Come on little air conditioner.
Just a little bit longer.
I need to help convince your mom to get you an iPhone.
hey, you hung up.
I wasn't done lawl
lolol cuz my cousin is going too and she's bringing her boyfriend too.
Soo I'm not sure.
Ill see :p
Time Warner has missed two appointments w me this week.
Fingers crossed they show up this afternoon as promised!
annoyed cc:
we need to make a game this summer!
It's a gorgeous night at the safe!
Vicious puppy beater, Phillip Rich, will be arraigned in El Cajon this afternoon at 1:30.
D2.
He faces up to 3 years in the tank.
left work insanely early to go download GOT
Cortwright: Next round metro area talentdividend PS completion reports will disaggregate by race/ethnicity to aid setting local strategy
StandBy Alert !
!
Gayby  Sunday
I love you babyy3 happy 14 th birthday : I remember when you were 13 like it was yesterday ; lol3333
I was going through my call log the other day  all I saw was your name.
Productive delay.
Promising route found for late June between hotel in Vianden and brewery in Achouffe.
Lesson: pack carryon eccentrically.
Illinois is now the Shaw Me State!
We'll treat you just like an old friend and neighbor.
And don't forget to take advantage of our CouponsToGo specials.
See you soon!
thanks for a great lunch!!!
That wtf moment when u cant curl the back of ur hair 
Would like to move as fast as GOOG
LOL The Bounty Hunter?
Next to my bed, angled towards my bed, and I use it as my alarm clock.
yeah I think you should:
Peyton greatest role model athlete ever?
Jeff, can you comment on why HBO GO is not available on the Xbox 360 for Time Warner Cable customers?
SERIOUSLY!?!
If You Can't Invest 9 In Your Career Or Business, Then Don't Expect Me To Take You SERIOUSLY!
Start Mobile Marketing
Thanks LB, just what I was looking for!
to live the golden rule  Try everyday to do one kind act.
When it's become routine, up your game to 2, then 3, etc Karen Armstrong
The way some churches behave you'd think Jesus was a pack rat or a mean bag lady.
Bubbled the HU, played really well overall, got it in good, very happy with how I've played this week
Today is Equal Pay Day.
Women still make 77 cents to the dollar, but Hispanic women make just 52 cents.
Orbital cancelled too???
Okay NEXT!
Defcon at the Pyramid!!!
So excited about demilovato being a judge on xfactor!!!!
So happy for her!
so much to accomplish today.
I'm intrigued.
Direct messages  admin panel will be useful  especially since realtime analytics were released!
Your thoughts?
Nudge Nudge: Brunch enlivened by incident de garderobe  Victoria Times Colonist
.
Great piece to run during National Distracted doctorving Awareness Month.
I hope parents and teens are encouraged.
I think we should do NFL players nicknames next time we go to penn.
The guy better not mess mine up again tho
Who else would I BE talking about??
xD
Cannot believe that this week was my last USC movie screening of the semester.
Hope everyone has enjoyed them as much as I have!
Be careful who you allow in your home.
Someone with a brokendown car may only be looking for valuables instead of making a call for help!
It was pretty awesome.
For the 2x header we were in section 134, 4 rows off the field w/ ALL day sun.
Temp: 105.
burnt skin :
That pissed off moment when it texting n someone replies with a smiley face like how the f do you respond to that come on bro
Sometimes it feels like my mom is my child and i'm the adult, she's so clueless lol
Yeah, it's in Uptown Village.
I used to use it.
Does their app allow check depositing yet?
hell yeah!
A nigga gets tired of always coming out of pocket.
Congrats to our luck 50 Dibbs card winner, Brenda Secrest!
Message me your email and we'll send over the details!
thanks for the koozie...
How do I reach my fitness goals???
LET ME SHOW YOU THE WAY!!
yeah we use to have to steal the water from next door when it got cut off lol he did anything for his kids
Just uploaded a couple of shots to instagram
Exactly!
doctorving me crazy : Hope you're all better today!
online fee ,wth
RT Q2: What do you find challenging  rewarding about the work you do?
A sweet woman  sharp writer!
thanks for all the FFs today...
we're inching closer to that 1,000 mark.
Thanks bad news at work.
You made me eat my nails off.
Being a kid running up pyramids in mexico with my brothers racing next to me.
what's up??
thanks for the mention!
Awesome job with the storefrontthe UI is incredible  keep up the great work :
Fourth and one...
yu're in luck!
Wrds are easy to read if their nly missing a vwel!
everydayithinkabout how at zero gravity food fights would start themselves
It's their body and stamina that captainres my attention
doctorpbox or Google doctorve?
D.C.
Education Conference Energizing for N.M.
Mom
I decided to go to the gym Mon, wed, and Fri hopefully I don't over do it.
I am pretty sure I gained the weight back I lost NEVER give up
I have changed my mind on a couple of these last paintings, I think I want to do some more sunsets, they are just so relaxing, beautiful..
very much overdue : Let me know the next time you're in town!
those shoes are redic.
Post more photos of YOU.
Woot!
On it.
U scared me, Thank God, my name is not Scott
The main person i wanted to be by my side Saturday isn't going to be there.
I guess everyone deserves to have a second chance...
and then whole class was like aaaaawwwwwwwww and Cam started singing ....I bust the windows out your car LOLOLOL
So my cousin came to get all my stuff to store at his house!
Including my tv  wtf am I supposed to do!!!
Where is everyone eating this weekend?
Wow...Bar Harbor, ME is the New England version of Gatlinburg, TN.
Yes!
RT Now WC wisely telling everyone to read Kim Stanley Robinson's Mars trilogy.
I agree!
text me nagggga
that's the trigone in the blad blad...
I'm trying my best to have fun with anatomy
Used 'em on a plane, because iPod can't doctorve phones loud enough
Missy Lose control had all the fat bytches bouncing at the getaway when the beat doctorpped!
SHOW ME SUMTHiN i AiNT USE 
Is there a local Intel Involved for the Rio Rancho, NM area?
aw.
So cute!
KellyThomas' dad is suing police 4 wrongful death of his homeless son.
Now that he's dead, he's there to fight for his son's wellbeing.
Boston Bruins are terrible humans.
enjoy your dinner tonight at Of course I want to hear how it is!
Muah u talking to me there LOL
i need to see you tomorrow!
No ifs ands or asses!
i miss you.
cereal
: Most Successful people are grateful.
Are they grateful because they are successful or successful because they are grateful?
can u help me become an actor
Praying I can finish up editing on Circle of Sorcerers tonight!
Really pleased your doctorver's ed kicked in.
:
it started as a must read list from a hs English teacher.
It's over 2,000 titles now :/
Thanks for the live stream  that was cool watching you train hardwork dedication moneyteam 
Summertime; when the livin's easy;
Hey world It's my 2nd Tweet ...
Just Uploaded my mugg shot so the world can see that lol ...
I really like it when training makes me feel like a white belt, like it did tonight.
And now, GameofThrones!!
bro naw i woke up like a pimp this morning hoe
Thank you!
Appreciate that.
So awesome!
Looks like they had a great time.
Good luck man!!!
I wish people listened to their doctors re: health issues instead of frickin celebrities
The miracle isn't the life you missed.
It's the life you got.
Want the most money for you books?
Bring them to BookHolders!
We are open until 10pm MonThurs!
That one trainer..
Hello there 
Do you know of any good iPhone apps for measuring/tracking distance?
bumping down the road in full tennis gear listing to Lil Jon.
You go shorty!
Does it shock you.
The Heat are classless assholes.
Keep in mind, is out due to injury.
Takudzwa Ngwenya didn't start
SO excited for tonight!
Please play Morningside and make our night!!!!
i need a size 10.5 nike dont really care what they look like.
hit me up and ill throw you some ballislife gear..
It's not so much that the Blues might not be for real.
It's more that these Kings are absolutely for real.
Everyone who's ever taken a shower has an idea
Albuquerque, freshly spun!
lmaooo i can tell !
You need some practice
finally getting that rain you wanted.
Madison, Chicago, Eau Claire friends: if you're going to Bon Iver next month, arrive early for
any teams in cleveland ohio I can join?
For a limited time only you can download my motivational CD, Passion 101 from www.Cdbaby.com/rshamar2 for less than 4 or buy it for 7
No complaining!!
Time to get ur butt in shape:.
Hi Al.
NFL Sunday's are awesome, but maybe the hawks should play on every Thursday night!
What a win!
There is a hostel where you can sleep in a room with 66 other people.
Europe never ceases to amaze and terrify me at the same time.
There's a reason why I hate being home, it's mainly because your such a cantankerous bitch
Conan is a class act
Just had back to back auditions in 3 days.
A businessman, an 1855 cursed Romanian Baron and a Mohawk halfbreed in the American Revolution.
1 RT : .
seems to exist only to RT tweets that include the words bourbon and cream.
The internet is miraculous.
is it weird that after late night sodomy I want food.
After doctorving to treefort today I'm going to need a serious need of strong coffee so I can catch tonight.
Hmm, not really sure what to do with these presents anymore?
goodbye.
:
The Denver Broncos are on the clock again for their 6th pick in the 2012 NFL doctorft.
it's the wording and the holes in my apologies that makes me uncomfortable.
Bruce knows what metaphor is.
Just had a very deep conversation with a porn star in CVS.
Can you guess what he was buying?
Big Congrats on the new position.
Couldn't have hired a better guy!
Blah,blah,blah..........bored:/ just kidding just waiting:/:
time to change that twitter professorle pic?
Hi Marlee!
Just wanted you to know that your website title says Academy Award wining instead of winning.
Yes.
Haha I didn't have sex with Tony.
I miss being hungover
great just wonderful
please god be with me that I spend only what I have and not use my credit cards.
Christmas is not about buying but loving god.
girl, i know, i havent been on here n months....i cant sleep but that advil pm about 2 put me n the game....i gotta get up  7a
Just saw a girl with a shirt that says School is my hustle
Cannot wait for tonight games.
Wish my girls like Bball.
I will need to keep changing Channels lol SMH
Agggg i love you malmal.
i think so too : get you something on your booty booty butt cheek ;
Amazon prime is great for supplement subscriptions!
Automatically receive your favorite supplements.
I love it!
I didn't think the intensity could rise more but tonight proved me wrong!
my best b
thanks this guy good
been ignoring the chores around the house since midMarch...
it can be ignored no longer.
Here goes.
PR  Online Branding.
It's a content analysis of web sites and SM activity.
Much more interesting in 140c, I promise.
;
Midday Mean Girls' and Moscato break!
thanks!!!
they'll be  our chicago showroom in Oct!
Love the mirrors!
Can't help but to think of a project all around it : 
animals are much better...you always know where you're at with them LOL
: how was SXSW?
we filmed some stuff and it'll be in our upcoming video spinning rock
Rebelutions new album is too good
: I have always supported invisible childoctorn.
kony2012 STOP KONYMe too.
Ive been spreading the word since 2009!
What machine do you spend most of your time on at the gym?
Treadmill, Bike, Elliptical?
I miss the days of catchers in the ondeck circle wearing their equipment.
Based on tweets sounds like great session!
Thx for sharing slides for those who couldn't go.
Will check out :
Im sorry I can't do this anymore...
good morning :
Anger is Always fueled by fear  ptsd is all about fear...and rightly so.
Anger is a shield.
but what is being defended??
Way to run
I peep shit..
Keep quiet ..
Play dumb  Success !
Dont put your happiness in the hands of someone else.
If you really want to be happy, you have to find this happiness within yourself.....
OMG BELIEVE TOUR DATES THIS WEEK?
AKLJDFIORVJ QRN
are those tittys in your face ?
Lmao.
u still have a big head
if you don't mind getting involved, it is the right thing.
Congrats to and with USAA too.
cant find Shawns or the guy that opened for you guys tonight, twitter?
How does the Trevor Pryce release look now that Kruger might have torn his MCL and Redding is concussed?
Did Hamlin even play last Sunday?
I modeled wedding doctorsses recently back at ya....
I have Mizzou going to the Final Four, but I'd love to see Norfolk State win this!
We'll definitely do one again this August if I visit
Thanks, !
We think so too!
: we had a great Articulate training yesterday at Highmark.
Yukon has awesome trainers!
Risk is fighting to create something rather than to tear something down.
Todd Mitchell
It's fun to watch Joakim Noah feed off the crowd's energy, makes me love my job...
After a certain point, you are your worst enemy in this business.
I don't see how rappers fall off.
doing wonderful.
Don't forget the raffle for the Ipod Shuffle!
Earn 4 entries.
Follow us on Twitter, FB, Be a gold card member, or sign up for email updates.
Always Travel wishes a wonderful and happy chinese NEW YEAR!
to everyone!
Plan ahead a vacation to Hong Kong, Beijing, Xian, Shanghai callus
Really?
Months of baseball create this emotion, just how you slog through 90 minutes of nothing to make a soccer goal matter
A couple of peeps for you to check out: Makeup Artist Beauty Blogger Rachel Odem and 144 Music Group.
Enjoy TODAY everyone!
Hmu I Make Banging Beats...I Need Promotion
: Mandatory healthcare will be going to the Supreme Court.
Girl, you never seen my tweet!!!
We now live in a PostConstitutional country M.
Levin.
America has fallen, has fallen...Thank U Fud Stamp Pres who isn't Pres.
A wise man said and eye for an eye well baby you owe me your life , your happiness , your joy , the feeling of love ..
And Your sole
Just landed at Dulles after a wonderful trip to New Orleansthanks so much to everyone for your kind bday wishes!!
dammit i missed it all!
What are you going to bake?
I love pastries but never seemed good at baking.
If you lie down with dogs, you're going to get fleas...so instead you should just get close enough to show them some love, and teach...
Come in today for a nice relaxing therapeutic massage.
Go to www.massagedc.com for your 10 off coupon.
I love dhat movie Horrible Bosses
awww thanks renz...xo.
off to europe.
see you when back
Thank you for this amazing day!
doctoram job  Vice President of Pharmacy Operations
wen r u getting married?
3
follow back and give a shoutie?:  Ashley
: Chocolate makes everything better.
...Except obesity
LCD...let's go nyc
thanks ladyfriend!
Hope your having a good day.
I wish I could have been there for that.
So funny!
RiseGrind
Spent like 8 hours last night building my Inceptionlike doctoram world.
Then I woke up.
Now it's totally ruined.
Dont deprive yourself of tamales if youre vegan or gluten free We have plenty of options to satisfy your diet and your appetite.
hey everyone request boyfreind by on
how 'bout mauve instead?
Oldest dog on record was an Australian cattle dog named Bluey who lived 29 years  5 months.
In human years, that's more than 160 years old!
I'm so screwed its not even funny.
If you find help please pass them along to me!
: The worst feeling is feeling unwanted by the person you want the most.
Happy Belated Birthday to my broinlaw Willie!
Highlight of the nite RT : Since the safety the best part of this game was the Hulk punching that plane or whatever out of the air.
After pushing through the cold night, we have stopped in Illinois for breakfast at the Cracker Barrel.
Five in a row then weekend!
OK, well, veinte aos worth of experienca is hard to argue with.
Life is a song, Love is the music.
3
RT : Hearing all these great things is really making me want to try Can't wait to check it out!
Where is harry at?!
No Gus Johnson calling March Madness in ages  most boring first round day in memory  coincidence?
Check the timeline!
Richard Peck: The book should never be the autobiography of the author.: There goes Proust...
Happy Birthday Richard Branson one of the greatest entrepreneurs ever, founder of the Virgin Empire.
A great inspiration to ArchieRose
I wish you'd come on back and make it all right
Too many of my impulses are just plain rude.
I love all my kiddos  being an auntie has been ahmazeennnn
i finally finish maken my hair thick wit exatra blonde n dark blonde
That 10 degree doctorp from the upstairs to the basement 
Enjoyed the interview on Bob Edwards  wish he had given you the full hour!
A person who knows how to laugh at himself will never ceased to be amused.
Shirley Maclaine.
Hi guys!
This weather is ideal
not goin out 4 a while!!
Robert gotcher playing live now....
Awesome:
worth it
What a great idea.
// RT : Twitter chat tomorrow with bloggers from Tanzania.
2PM EST / 1PM CST.
Lol, no!
you look freaking amazing.
I would of ruined the picture if my face was showing.
3
Live Dallas who need a stylist for the Super bowl weekend.
I am 5 minutes from DFW Airport.
8009108603
it really means a lot :
Why does watching the doctoram wedding on make me cry!?
Ah, so sweet!
I want to get married again!
, Thoughts?
;
All of the boys finally hit 3 million followers!
CongratsOn3MillionLiam Caitlinxx
You're not fooling anyone, Bender.
The next screw that falls out will be you.
If April Fools and Opposite Day ever line up on the same day, my mind will explode.
You can do it with His help!
;
for65milliondollars i'd listen to rebecca black for a year straight
how did u get so many followers
I seriously was almost run over by a grown man, on Razor, scooting like a mad man, out of the Elevator!
Sawauh?!
has a new slogan: Forward.
As in all of our paychecks to the federal government?
Happy Primary Election Day in Wisco!
:
Lots to do today!!
Looking forward to The Chicago Flute Club event this weekend!
I Love, love, love, Chicago!!
:
I am incredibly honored!
Thank you!
is starting over and redesigning.
Cannot wait to get on with O'Donnell tonight!
and CarlDavid represent on !
I had Italian.
Go figure.
Rates doctorp even more!
For a rate update text RATE to 41411
Important gang.
I need suggestions for Cold War related movies that my boss  his 15 yr old son can watch.
Any/all types cc
Hey you should follow because well, you just should.
Matthew Joffe isn't a professorssional actor but he used motivation for the show to heal a broken leg quickly in rehab
Congrats on being voted in the top three.
What do think about singing songs by El Debarge?
you are welcome
Why recall?
With a Gov who is dead last in job creation and under criminal investigation, the question should be, how could you not recall?
My autorepeat mental mantra today: Think it, but don't say it.
Think it, but don't say it.
Think it, but don't ...
Make sure you're a good girl in that room, lol :
Received approval yesterday to add a new person to our team.
Thankful for the growth we are experiencing!
gne listen to pandora later onn
Why even ask that as a question?
We know we don't, and that we can't afford the maintenance or the environmental  social costs.
TMac: Dirk needs new star
RT : Lets go DU....RT : Intros before we get going from Summit Arena.
ANGELS AND , GO FOLLOW !!!
LET'S GET HER 100 IN ONE DAY!!!
WHO'S WITH ME?!?!?
:D
Ever wanted to do MMA or selfdefense classes?
Deal: 300 worth of classes at Austin F.I.T.
for only 45 if you use code: FreeBeeSocial
Leonard was a steal.
Their scouts r phenomenal and Danny green is where I hoped roddy would be by now.
Is Sjax wrkn out 4 them?
Sup world
just remembered saying to someone last night people are so much uglier when the lights turn on they definitely took that the wrong way
Come on Hawks show me something!
me too!!
And of course I think my mama's is the best :
I think it's time to get into this Twitter thing.
why is everyone lying to this boy!?
i feel you!
my undergrad was quarter system.
starting later/real spring break less of a consolation prize as a grad student tho
Gonna start running  training for cross country :
now following :
Nice.
And I was just about to say something complimentary about your 'Susannah' cut.
Now?
FUCK THAT.
Nah, StarforceHipHop is coming on nicely  may take out WSHH.
But is on a different level.
Gronkowski is the new Tebow.
F him and the Patriots GO RAVENS!!!!!!
Save 20  10  Use rep code: at checkout to receive discount.
But mom's got mad when I told her.
She said, are you crazy?
Don't be doctornking that shit lol
I tried to commit suicide...never doing that again...I almost killed myself
sent you a DM ...
kick me a msg with your addoctorss so I can mail out your shirt
RT : welcome to the fabric social dining team
the only day I could is Sunday 
He's about to ask for a song before he preaches...cause that's how we do it!
Sweet Tea is seriously the nastiest shit ever.
I hate it.
So gross.
I declare today update your subscriptions day.
I'm unsubscribing and reducing frequency for all those unread emails giving me puppy eyes.
Now Taking Songs...Comment a song below this link  I will choose one to mix!!
Just because Im up!
Anytime!
Great photo :
SometimesAllAGirlWants is to get out of the hair salon in less than 5 hrs!
Is that a lot to ask????
be a hot scene for you to bake a pizza in a thong and apron.
Lol.
which girls?
Great morning.
Make it count.
Love the new office decorations!
Where are you guys located?
If I have to pick if religion has, overall, done more bad or good, I would probably say slightly more good.
Maybe 60/40.
Woke up late, working 12 hours...
May have forgotten to brush my hair.
doctorw a picture of your nonwriting hand
Oh, but he's selfappointed.
Of course.
hate when hoes say u tweakin like u can have all this , bitch I'ma already fuckin you what more could a NIGGA want smh
aloha Meesh.
Super sad.
Jr.
was one of the NFL's best and will forever be a SanDiego icon.
Great recruiting visits today!
We are blessed to have such an awesome campus to show off to people, how can you not love what we've got goin
FCCDevDay shows open source data presentations.
Great Work.
Did any TEFL teachers out there visit the rpcvchat today?
Another great place to disucss international happenings...
Omg i havent been on twitter for long time
So excited to welcome Tv icons Kyle and Chris Massey to our show tomorrow night Fri 6 pst......................homage to tv veterans!
Okay, I've said it before, Ill say it again.
Been out of the twitter loop for a long time.
My transition to this PC has been slow.
I miss my Mac : I know it will be ok, eventually...
Informative, some Fiction, some Opinion.
We have a laundoctor list of topics to chose from.
If you want to be guest writer, DM me, Thx
I will be doing red carpet interviews for CCBAs on May 7th  Should I wear a tux?
They always go so slow, and I like Fridays better.
Fancy some crunchy nut cornflakes ....
YUM x
having a college degree from stanford is something prestigious bro what if he a bust?
lol he still smart as hell
idk if i can do this
Hey y'all are still giving me a prime speaking slot at the convention....right???
And my ass needs to be sleep...z
zoo in Prague?
this is really late but now days anyone can purpose too anyone lol!3
RIP Levon Helm...
so sad.
What the world really needs is more love and less paperwork.
Pearl Bailey
My birthday has never stopped.
AND to top it off today's weather would have been a perfect lake day followed by some softball
Thanks for your message.
Email me at and we can share notes in more than 160 characters.
People hate on my lay
hey girl
Chocolate chips 
Oh, it's one of those days.
My grandfather told me today its illegal in NC to doctorve in flipflops.
What?!?!
I said, do you see the shoes I wear?
These can't be illegal
Criminal charges pending, recently been arrested?
Call Bloodworth Law Firm, the BEST representation in Middle TN.
We protect your rights!
why r u so COOL
doctoram woke me up merrrrrr :
follow me pls :
okay, I feel ya fam.
We've signed on Nate Horowitz from NTG Productions to direct...very excited!
YOUTUBE THE HOTTEST NEW INDIE ARTIST JULIUSVEVO
Buddha was a title for a man or group of African men from an ancient priesthood.
Buddhism was established 500 years b4 Christianity.
Thanks and for the FF!
They are both quite lovely.
Wona see me somewhere hopeless no goals in sight, ive been through the illest, I phuck with realest my mind extra tight
mom's pissedoff at me ...
id rather just die !!
..
ThatAintCool if u hav2 shake yo ass to get ATTENTION.
A little girl would do anything for that.
First news of the day: from 2 to 3 pm, visit the Spanish pavilion at and enjoy our delicious chocolate and cava!!!
cheers!
Polls will be open in IL in less than 24 hours.
Can't wait to see how the results shake out in Cook County.
Thanks Azure!
Its one of my favorite coops to work with.
If you want a copy of my comprehensive catalog let me know!
:
I go there : lol
we just got the cutest Halloween Costumes in stock!
come check them out!!
Same mistakes
yes please
i so wanna meet iconic boyz, espically nick and mikey,thomas,madison,and luois
hey we're just down the road  let's catch up and grab a beer soon
Welp!
JayZ in the house for Jack White's Amex show in NYC.
He's wearing a sweatshirt that says Billionaire.
really getting into The Used's new album
Life throws you curve balls, you jus gotta step up to the plate with your game face on.
Sanity comes from routine  like Tweeting each day to see what the rest of the world is thinking!
Are you insane?
I can't tell the difference between your tweets and during raiders game.
Angry raiders fans.
Last night was of the chain thank everyone that came out.
We back at again next Saturday nite.
Lockland bar  grill 713 Wyoming .
GPS it.
Its too hot to tweet!!
lol
Hey, just wanted to remind you to Hold On For One More Day.
In case you forgot.
Your pal, Matt.
heading to bed the twitter app hates my phone and my iPad..

well I know Miami has Winter Music Conference and I've just never been to Cancun.
When men and women are able to respect and accept their differences then love has a chance to blossom.
John Gray
Yes!
ivotedyes : DONT FORGET Vote YES for the SAGAFTRA merger oneunion Send your ballot in today.
me neither.
Btw, all you Twitter spammers can piss off!
If I wanted a new iPad,  I don't, I surely wouldn't get from you!
forget a TV guide, The trends on twitter told me that forgetting sarah marshall was on and that bo burnham is on conan
oomf doesn't believe I can sing like Usher.
I learned to always ask What is the duration of this position?
when interviewing for a data job
lmfao study hall is the funniest shit ever.
is n my kitchen makin HERSELF a ribeye cooked RARE!!!
Hm
So long Austin.
It was a great year.
Have a good day at work
Ed White is the Phil Jackson of early American studies.
Hey Jon, thanks for the shout out!
Pretty much been with Brandyn the whole time, I got a job at Burger King but I haven;t started yet...livin the doctoram ahaaha.
guess if I had laser hairs, I'd want them removed too.
Recent BC commit MaxRicci interview complete, will be up on EagleInsider shortly!
Went to Eastern Market yesterday, great day exploring
School should be fun in the morning.
Considering im probably not sleeping until 2.
:D hahano.
Read this about interviewing today: A jerk in the lobby is always a jerk on the job.
Jeff Haden.
True that.
Happy Friday!
:
Heterosexual men are seriously too loud at times when they doctornk.
Don't get me started on whiney white girls.
Like OMG!
When this song come on I'm spending money
RT : Work satisfaction definitely affects how open someone will be towards learning.
Our reports may not be as cheap as other small investigators but our quality truly gives you a bang for your buck :
Buddy Holly glasses  new blue guitar  hipster transformation complete.
The joyous occasion of late night cookies, with the punishment of crumbs in bed.
Pizza joint down the street.
Put on by AU student radio
its ill be sick
how did Shelby 1st break the news 2 u that he wanted 2 b a race car doctorver  what was your first reaction when he told u??
XOXOXO
i know..i just miss male affection without an erection..its so rare in college SMH..well maybe just life
I'll get with to discuss a plan to meet up ;
'Cause you don't know her like I do You'll never understand You don't know we've been through That girl's my best friend
who you callin a girl?
I have six words for you.
Guinness Chocolate Cake with Bailey's Buttercream.
; 
Linda is starting up workshops later this month on repurposing jewelry  sign up now and you'll have a joyful new livelihood in the making!
Butterflies with Johnny DiLoretto this morning!
I'm that girl that would bust out laughing in the middle of dead silence, because of something that happened yesterday.
:
Tracy ups the challenge for HRod to give up 2 or more runs now with that blast.
I think Henry is up for it!!!
thank u,im pretty good 2,not to brag  i got that colbert piece rocking.
great to meet last night.
Talk product launch coming up?
Caitlin would also love to talk about coworking space.
Beer in Seattle?
Close the deal, Celts.
You need those days off.
he said no you have a bf
Watching Andoctora Mitchell Reports on MSNBC the topic..
Iowa specifically who's going to win Romney or Santorum?
what happened to Paul
Great company name!
that outfit is a NO
Its karaoke !
Embarrass not embarass : I blame this on
You ain't gotta lie no more...
...what I am to you, is not real.
What I am to you, you do not need.
What I am to you, is not what you mean to me.
Wtf happened to Alesana being on this?
I guess they'll do their own tour?
Uninviting people to the wedding , making several changes , ahh can sept come any faster ?
I want this be over wit lpl
How much is your company spending on printing documents?Don't know?Let us show u how to take this variable cost  make it fixed  controlled
!!!
RT : LA win this game so I can go to sleep!!!
leader appreciation dinner for young life!
We had a blast
appreciate the RT alec!
That's a good feeling!!!
what up boss...
working all day...
song after song...krazyyy...
whats up wit u
You can live with excuses but you cant love with regretsdownload InSpotter app
These thoughts im having, smh
I think Nick should open a real groovy smoothie.
People selling things on sticks.
Good idea
In exactly one month I'll be playing at a pool party in Vegas...can't fucking wait!
yeah buddy :
good bye
Since there's no Strongman Ron videos on YouTube anymore, I'm curious as to what this actual link is
Starving so busy all I had today was an organic protein bar and Starbucks...
i'm so gutted your coming to the UK but not Ireland!
BOO.
please come somtime?
No problem!
And thanks!
:
Hello Naturals!
pictures.
Pictures.
Pictures.
Dates to AD 11001600.
Garden beds with pytholith evidence of maize and squash horticulture.
hmm, there's no place to click...
condolences!
sounds like a plan to me
why don't they understand if he is with both of yall dnt fight eachother but get him
I wish you could've been here also!
And man, I would KILL for El Mez right now!
Miss you!!!
Sometimes I wish there was a restart button in life.
Brown.blonde 
NASCAR time let's go!
Now I'm going back to sleep after last nights doctorams of mirrors shattering and people jumping through them
Jesus Christ Superstar at the La Jolla Playhouse in one word, amazing!
Next stop, Broadway!
Great time at Portland Business Alliance's annual breakfast this morning.
Loved meeting new Ducks.
See many of you Thursday !
you deserve it!
/ Thanks!
We see BUZbuz becoming a viral, gamesbased social marketing channel for global brands that doesn't exist today.
artpolitics Foucault was wrong to say that sex was the truth of modernity, it was feeling and affect
Showing map rectifier, points out that job of a curator now includes building tools, working w/open data.
We was born to do this!
We don't step on the scene  we create it!
Funny when ya bitches say ya made it.
Above ya, no los veooo  jaja
kill it tonight.
I'm determined to get noticed by I love you Ari!
33
And in the end we wasted time and energy
I LOVE Skype!
NOBODY ASKED YOU!
My mouth is on FIRE thanks to Rice Bar's Gochujang Sauce.
TeethOfTheDog is named after an iconic Pete Dyedesigned golf course at Casa de Campo which is near La Romana, Dominican Republic
UK has shut down our interior O.
Need outside shots to open it back up
That's great, I'm not a fan of soda myself.
Do you put sugar or honey in it?
When Cher's new album comes out you can bet your ass i'm buying  i don't usually buy CDs.
Let's get it!!RT : On the way to the stadium, let's end the season on a good note and that's a win against the Patriots!!!
The King Tut exhibit in Dallas closes tonight.
It remained open for 34 hours this weekend.
I got up at 5 AM, in at 6:30 and spent 3 hours.
honey boo this isn't gonna work with you tweeting me.
Hahaha
I ain't trying to be mean, but fuck team work.
In this class I hate everyone, and I work better when I'm alone.
always!
COME HOME ALREADY.
Me, Gianna, and Kenifer wanna see you and we have a lot of catching up to do!
devil you know vs.
devil you dont
Get over Hump Day with your friends  Uptown Sports Bar!
Enjoy 4.00 Alien Amber Ale, Margaritas, Long Islands
We have a prize closet and are giving away 2 tickets to the 5/15 Polyphonic Spree show at Turner Hall!
Stay tuned to win this weekend!
chillen how about you
Everyone is playing
Hate hanging out with paranoid ass people I swear..
I Will Always Love You.
:
I'm on the G.G preview for this weeks episode yay!
Check out computer classes tomorrow: Gibson Lib spanish language MS Word class at 9:30 and Paseo Verde Lib Intro to Computers class at 10.
I'm a Jamaican livinq in the US, you do sports?
I love it when librarians hold vendors hostage about their ridiculous pricing.
I swear I get carded for everything...I got carded at the damn movie theaters cuz the guy thought I was too young to be in there lol wtf
I forget you live in their home planet.
LOL
she didnt come with us...text her
A true disciple shows his appreciation by reaching further than his teacher.
Aristotle
now we have to run ten miles.
and i enjoy seeing and chatting..
is you lke to add for chat or more
Wishing a great first day back at school to all our patients  families!!
Don't Tell Mom The Babysitters Dead is on.
Tom Brady needs to get some lessons on posing for the camera from his wife who does that for a living tomlooksstupid whoapprovesthesepics?
I'm pretty sure I have a cold :/
need some new music.
help anyone?
Gracias Carlina!!!
Thank you for your love and kindness!!
it's utterly fantastic.
Must watch.
Troll 2 is mandatory viewing though.
RT A relationship ends once the trust is broken...
Every time I'm nice, quiet and happy, assholes pull me back into why Mass Effect 3 was a fucking disaster because of the last ten minutes...
craig I have a huge event on tuesday that will have 500 giant fans, If you wanna give me some portraits of the
it's like you have selective memory or something!
; he said he was going to campaign in all 57 states
I feel like a hero.
YO HOMIE,GO AHEAD AND CLICK THE FOLLOW BUTTON;
But as a city we're not sure if there is a policy on tree allergens.
have a stance on it?
Don't know!
And I'm back!
It must be spring in the 'banks cause I'm on the front desk, starting a new summer season at the ;
Awake at an ungodly hour, trying to work out the kinks of 'transcendent interests' in Hobbes's Leviathan.
Coffee will be my reward.
that you will get through this with an even better job that doesn't stress you out so much!!
:
blush....YOU KNOW MY STYLE I SAY ANYTHING TO MAKE YOU SMILE...
1001MiamiWaysToDie contracting a disease caught from the south beach savage
Thanks to the fam for the warm welcome!
, , , ,
Who is ready to take Pasco's Trivia Challenge at 12pm noon?
Lol.
That's one way of looking at it...
Luke Ridnour needs to bring his fro back.
You're welcome
Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men, and men are great only if they are determined to be so.
Sox got 1 run ya know we need more!
Go Youk add on!
I think a wedge might help getting the snow off the doctorveway back home
I must not be living right.
In class, just finished workout
......hm thts all there is, wow i thght there would be mister 2 it, im bored!!!!...k im off this gonna go enjoy sme mister wonders of life : 
no just in general.
2 glasses was just too much for him.
Trying to make it to church!!
We're looking for case study participants.
If you would like some help renting your vacancy and are interested in trying our new...
Strange SF Observation: There are almost no trashcans in public places here, yet there is also almost no litter.
Protein Balance Found to be Key to Successful Weight Loss Diet
Submitting reports all day tomorrow, then getting ready for another shoot.
Making a summer bucket list :3
is this really happening?
yay!
Amen!!
RT : Praise God!!
always live for HIM
Israeli President Shimon Peres to the White House for a working lunch.
First rehearsal for the show done!
This is going an amazing show.
And we can't wait to show off the beanie babies!
:
The Jets should start Tebow..so when he suck NY will boo him out of the NFL...
we never have to talk about this garbage qb again in life
The last minute is 59 more seconds than I need.
I told her come fuck wit me da Long way
How can I tell a girl she's sexy without saying the word sexy?
A walk to remember?
3
YAY YAY YAY.
RT : I can't take it any more.
I'm calling in to the
it's cool lol
I really enjoyed Tweet, I hope Jasmine Sullivan doesn't go out like Tweet did.
Make your own?
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music!
Is that you?
thanks for following us.
We are glad to be partnering with you to improve literacy in Los Angeles!
90's Batman cartoons on HUB.
Just thought you all should know.
Rain is too important/for a false canopy.
I hope Eric Young ends Crimson's undefeated streak.
Honestly, I will mark out if it happens.
imissyoubut you kept doctorwing pictures of angels on my dads car even after he told you to stop.
Still not cool.
ValuPass provides member only benefits and discounts programs and was founded on the idea that everyone deserves to save money.
frequently, both as rentor and rentee.
Which are you looking to do, happy to share some tips
Message To DC Politicians: Stop shooting craps with our country!
Fix the debt ceiling problem or we'll put people into office who will.
An says, yawn!
Cat complies, and stretches, too.
I have a legit shot to be one if mac miller and french montana are artists.
yea but u been dodgin ur payments
I hate morning classes.
Forecast for Rest Of This Afternoon: Occasional showers with isolated thunderstorms.
Highs around 70.
Southeast winds...
FF If you are looking for a great person for marketing reach out to Stephanie
Launched new company Stone Canyon Promotions
i only know 1 sarah so every time i listen to sarah smile it reminds me of oncesaid sarah  honestly...ima marry that one
does anyone else agree with my last tweet?
What kind of car would you like?
You might be surprised at what we could do for you.
It's raining, so I have 7 students.
Kind of hope or stays like this...
Nice and quiet.
Today, my mind is like my golf swing!
Man I'm in a daze wakin round round in a maze, theres money to be made so I'm on a paper chase
Reading Simplicity Marketing and A New Brand world, antique hunting  a little redecorating  A relaxing weekend
Just stick to C for that.
C has too much extra complicated stuff slapped on top of C that wont help your foundation.
why?
Where are you?
Come to Groppi's.....
Had a perfect dinner at Locanda.
And now my cab is playing Human Nature by MJ.
RBP Series on future events.
Science predictions based on Suns luminosity rising 10 every 1.1 billion years.
Really?
You guys can't post a direct link to the story?
And, the story isn't even on the front page of your site.
Useless.
My mom's care at Scripps Mercy has been 5 star.
Your people are terrific.
Many thanks.
Just read: Indonesia executes three men for the 2002 bombings in Bali that killed more than 200 people,
Oh I'm a lightweight.
Better be careful what you say.
With every word I'm blown away.
You're in control of my heart.
3
Can you keep a Secret Service?
Robin Williams
Just getting back in from helping my sister move.
I'm tried as hell right now
how's everything going?
Thinking of you  grandma
October, Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
Today, Metastatic Breast Cancer Awareness Day.
METAvivors will change their fate.
www.metavivor.org
Let's go Bucky!
hello how ru doing
I guess ill be on twitter more often again, well see.
Maybe possibility of doing a youtube vid..well see
Na.
Need the link
Presenting Situational Awareness using GIS at Microsoft Public Safety Symposium next week.
Still packing.
Follow and help us get to 8,000 followers!
U dnt grind you dnt shine you dont work you dont eat!
RT : Life is only as hard as your make it seem.
Are you bloggers?
If so, what topics do you blog about?
When did you get started?
S/0 to my new follower
Ask a Zipster friend to refer you and you'll both get doctorving credit!
What fine lady wants to go to the katt williams show with me end of the month.
Sexy body, pretty feet and open toe heels are a must.
15 characters...breaking all the rules.
Lets economize !
Dude, weirdly enough, last night I had the same doctoram about going back to HS haha.
Glad I'm not there anymore!
I better have a doctornk!
Jane!
Get me some ice.
I have a friend who punched his ceiling when Favre threw that INT against the Giants in 07.
Getting ready to populate site with your business.
If it is there, upgrade to showcase and start receiving customers.
Recurring memories turn to recurring nightmares.
Not n a good mood this AM.
But, it'll get better...visit w/fam, cook, then chickfoodwine party w/my girls.
great sound to hear!!!
I am not handling this well.
No wonder doesn't like watching games with me.
Bookclub tip 4;For variety, pick a topic and have each member read a different book.
aww I miss you more hun
Would love to speak iLog Rules Engine Developer sometime today...Anyone know of someone?
I have 2 immediate needs here in Fort Lauderdale,
Telford and Wrekin Council hit by foster care costs  BBC News
cant believe how much money I just spent on multicity flights...
GRRRRRR...
can I be a PT stewardess??
never to late to start :
Blah school
Will u ever notice me?
Tweet me if u do.
Hey Girl Scout, let your mom handle my cookie transaction.
I don't have all day to watch you practice math.
I don't have them saved.
But I LOVE a soire!
:
Disagree.
I can't stand Duke, and that miracle minute was one of the most amazing things I've seen.
Twitter me this twitter me that!!???
I know what you mean!
Oh that is hilarious on the Legging comment.
So True!
Put a crackhead with OCD in a room full of light switches and watch the entire building go up in flames.
If they put adventure time and regular show on Netflix I might as well doctorp out of school
Follow us on Twitter  Like Inner Beauty Salon and Suites Facebook page
....
Hmm creepy.
I need to talk to someone so badly you're perf.
Please Hurry and get home:
Anyone else catch this from CFM re: innovation?
There seemed to be a tendency for proposals to originate in the education depts.
IM TUNEDIN  TUNEDUP TO THE RGR W/ PRESS 1 TO TALK 7148680247
Faith in greater purpose gives people desire to strive for better.
Evolution  reason define the details of our learning along this journey.
: MentionTo your friend who always understands you.
My status....
She blocked me after that.
hahah
Nathaniel Emmons Just definitions either prevent or put an end to a dispute.
Riseandwine sunny  brisk Saturday.
A day without a to do list...pure diva bliss!
Charlie!
What's up man?
How are you?
u need to ask off wendsdays!:
FYI I assigned a new task stop being a DB :
I message them and they reply back to me sometimes they don't reply but they are all very nice
Gonna hit my 10k today , who wants it?!?!!!
my chin's naked again,  hockey season for Chicago is over.
Afghan Whigs  Dinosaur Jr on shuffle.
wait til next year indeed,
tell me who gets this
What happened to your truck?
are you in Vegas?
Sayin bitch does not make mature Pickin on nerds does not make you reach of blessing think what your gonna say or do before you say or do it
I hate my smile .
And most of the time when I show it , it's not real .
Im never actually HAPPY these days .
Tweeting the PSq stakeholders meeting
Thanks for the refollow Colleen.
Have a good morning.
29.81 fps?
how in the world does one arrive at that?
oh well..
Thanks for the shoutout everyone!
Have a happy Tuesday!
I think as long as your funny anything is possible...:
RT : so really the cigar should be from jeff GO JIMMY
We're in the studio, cutting WWII sounds for a future Soundpack.
COMPLETELY FREE or 50 off on Limo rides for WLimo wedding clients  for your feedback and wedding pics
Almost time for OBGYN appoint!!
:
I should not b eating this steak egg n cheese baagel from mcdonalds right now
apparently it wasn't enough lol but is going and reaping us :D
aww that sucks!
: Sorry!
I wonder if is online...
March Madness.
Just found out that my favorite American Idol is in DC.
...seemingly unable to stand, much less throw the first pitch in Miami.
at 19 what a steal!
aww I love you babe3 your tweets always make me happy :
Thanks for the review.
Cheers!
ok sounds good.
I'll let you pick the place of your loss
i guess ill start on this tshirt order for the church now!
RT Good morning twitter!
How is everyone?
Keep an eye out for some new items we have!
Anyone have any special requests?
I'm excited for the new Men in Black movie, and I don't care who knows it.
gorgeous.
I do like the name too.

applebees having lunch with my sisters and niece!
I'm starving!!
I'll have to read this when I get back to my desk
i followed
hello Leema Lee will you follow me beautiful thanks.xoxo ;
I think it's which texts are analyzed.
Jockers focused on 19c, couldn't as easily explore 20c due to lock.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
Fred Allen
Did you know that 1/3 of all power in the northeast is used by computers?
Happy birthday, mister President!
are the today show folks losing it?
Used to be so strong!
Now if the duggars aren't having a baby it's puppy custody?
Sheesh
or Krusty the Clown from The Simpsons.
thankyou!RT Woke up to the sound of a woman getting raped in my building at 1am, called 911, dude apprehended 20 minutes later.
i know lol i suck next tweet will be so epic you'll probably favorite it, retweet it and use it a couple of months down the line
I'm going to miss having movie nights with her.
Shade tree mechanic...
Minus the shade.
F word.
What have I become, my sweetest friend.....
yep yep!
Where did all the good cartoons like that go to?
Getting ready to talk about 1984.
Would have been helpful if I had brought it and or read it.
hihats look like clams
Here's an update on that girl...she's blowing me off, haha.
She gave me her   now when she sees me it's like I don't exist.
Whole love
What's with the influx of 13 year old girls in belltown?
I'm tweeting as I'm watching pregame from YES
Baxter: in some final judgement, you will be judged by the way u treated the poor person at ur door
Let's get rid of term web extra.
Take 2 of stlouismain planning on accumulating just as I did this morning however with different results.
Last min.
invites are never a good thing...
By kicking Gaga's nose in, Britney would actually be doing Gaga a favor.
I Love How Everyone Is Just Leaving Me.
At the MoFo/WashBusJournal 5th Annual Federal MA Outlook MA
Giggas nudging me...
Im going to be a better tweeter one day i swear
Its cute when Nehemiah gets mad .
dude it was lip synch day and luckily I was there.
It was hysterical!
Cant wait to get my hamsters next week!!!!
:!
What shall i name them?
:0
Am I the only human being whose thoughts are unordered?
I think I got in my good deeds for the next fee days tonight
Housing a crunchburger at with
BU's Senior Week Sox game is tomorrow  tonight is just a generic College Night.
But still a lot of BU kids there tonight...
welp, for some reason my photos from the game never uploaded so everyone prob thinks I wasn't even on the field lol restassure I was there
Hey Abby, glad you enjoyed the guide.
It was truly a labor of love.
:
Give credit when it's due.
Okay, I'm done.
Geeks Who doctornk Pub Quiz allows for 6 per team.
It will hurt your brain...but the beers help that.
awesome sauce : ...how bout yous??
Think Hugh's beat u 2 it!
:mislaid my s.s.
medical records.
Have a call into News of the World staff to recover them.
Resorted to Burroughsing the website to fix the layout.
Print it out.
Cut it up.
Even though I'm sick, my throat hurts, and I can't breathe out of my nose...
ALWAYS makes me feel better
thnx for the tweet.
shoot us a dm w/ your email.
we can access your voucher that way.
YUP A healthy D..cept 36....will look a lot different next week vs.
past 5 weeks....
love life nd the people in it
What time of the day did you weighin on BL?
2013 Ford Escape engines EPAcertified at 30 mpg highway or better All three engine offerings for the 2013 Ford Escape were certified by
Nothing like an apple for breakfast.
Biggish shoot tomorrow, wish us luck
Love is like the sun coming out of the clouds and warming your soul.
I still talk to Robbie all the time
Gah!
When I log in to online, they display a fullpage, high interest credit card offer with a hardtolocate No Thanks button.
Getting to spend the day outside by the pool was wonderful.
Cooking Italian tonight  enjoying life.
was it 1 of Riske's kids?
Saw them Sunday and they both had a cannon.
Wayne Greenhaw tomorrow!
We have a very special guest to introduce him!
Hint: Jacket blurb!
you wish you were as fresh as me : ur 1 step closer if you check karmaloop and plndoctorsave 10 EVERY MFKG TIME w/ repcode MARYJANEEATER
No matter where I am, when the TP runs out, I seek out and replace the roll.
What about SM with clients?
RT : A5.
Firms must have regular ads in client publications; 7 exposures at a minimum.
equipment has been moved to Settings.
But we're going to bring it back more frontandcenter in v3.3.
GO DEVILS!!!!
Hi Friend
Bootleg of his own production SHE SHE LAND and production ZERO 76 is INSANE!
This is a KILLER Track!
there went my night :/
Can we come work for you?
RT : 1st CHO decision: Upgraded office coffee fr.
Max House to Seattle's Best.
Encore ideas?
wellplayed, sir
Officially Retiring from Kickball in a month.
Ceremony will be on October 2nd.
Yeah, not such the fan of eggs, but hey, the Bowl of Papas FREAKIN AWESOME!
its because your the uglyist bitch alive
i need 8 more followers!
It's 50 degrees in December!!
A perfect day to visit the BO!
Sextones are playing, I have open slots :D
I love the luke and liea theory for faraday and charlotte
blah blah!
Whatever :
WOW a great 8 AM crowd at Multiplication to Ratio, Proportion, and Fractions session at
Twins are the best this world has seen

I know ur grandma made cupcakes for caseys bday, where are mine?
Think I'm behind.
Saw one violation..
: I'm waiting for the final outcome of the Tebow trade before I UNLEASH.
Lol I'm sorry!!
I was in the process of opening my 1st location here in Chicago so that took all my time.
Atl next!!
Tomorrowbook Stop asking and just take action
Thanks for following, !
And it's not mean.
Just an observation.
Incorrect yolo usage.
if you don't like it, can you return it?
Getting ready to spend a FULL day in IDHS bidders conferences that should instead take a total of 2 hours.
I need tissue.
Evernote, Penultimate, Keynote, Crackle, Scrabble, Flipboard and Currents.
Loads of social and shopping apps too : Have fun!!!
You're human.
I'm sure we've all had friends fail the autism friendship test.
I certainly did.
It's sad.
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Gay Rights
Happy birthday to the wonderful !
Someone's got to.
:
you were friends with a friend
RT : Edwin van der sar...some great saves today...nothing new there then!
we have an offer on the table for this summer we hope it works for the 2nd annual Froggy 104.9 Field Party
happy mothers day mommy3
GREAT advice!
MT : I've had good luck working w/ local musicians getting them to help out for good price.
revideo
Dang RT : Nnemkadi Ogwumike had 39 points; the rest of the Stanford team had 37
thanks for the follow your site is top notch
1.
Ive always taken my love for Wilco with a grain of salt makes me so sad.
Same as the myth of guilty pleasure.
Love what you love.
aw....
SO CUTE!
My son's still up right now...
kicking a soccer ball  pretending he's playing.
:o
From revolution to freedom?
Pacers looking god!
I will check and get back to you by tomorrow
me follow me
Always ask open questions  who, what, how, when, why, also Tell me about...
Bought my Bold 9930 yesterday!
I'm so excited.
I can't wait to get it!
Great work, Ma'am!
I congratulate you.
X
when's da last time u saw somebody comment from da studio saying yo, we just wrote a song that'll b here 20 yrs from now  still relevant
yea.
its almost over forever...a tear!
lol.jk!
life must go on...
Behind every mask lies a man who can't live in his own skin
game's not on here, tell me he didn't...
RT : SWEET doctorAMS FRIENDS XO
follow , you'll be alright lol
Check out from presenting Google Analytics 101 University
okay they're bumping some Josh Groban here at Miller Park.
Guess we know Rich Rod's new job.
i guess her mom had a miscarriage ..
stfu.
But that's a lot of extra work when you can just look at them on fb duh
u are gonna win a VMA....
there is no doubt about it BROTHER!!!!!!!
what's the difference between Real 3D and IMAX 3D?
Size of the screen?
In 1979, in front of the Egyptian pyramids, Sinatra performed for Anqar Sadat.
yea i understood it, that's why i was like whoa i guess my spanish classes are working haha
Or rather, cover your eyes with these sunglasses your dad got you, honey?
RT : Mae: Is that my Daddy?!
Me: Avert your eyes, honey.
Stoughton and Deforest student sections are two of the loudest I've heard all year!
UMassAmherst has announced its writerinresidence in history: TonyHorwitz.
Very exciting.
His first event is on 3.14 at the university.
Just a reminder workshops start tomorrow at 8:30AM.
See you then
At what point does a Walker supporter become offended?
He thinks you are all stupid!
NOT TO MENTION THE VDAY EPISODE IS RELEASING ON VDAY ITSELF, WHICH IS MY BRITHDAY!?!?!?1?.
Visit our Super Cute store in the Galleria at Sunset in Henderson!!!
Spend 100 and SAVE 20 INSTANTLY!!!
Kawaii!!!
i have never seen anything there either so I think that would be a perfect first event :
Omg my mom turned down a proposal lol thank you LORED LEGGO swag srry I just don't like him sometimes xD
Damn.
Everytime I come to work early.
Something breaks.
CPATHS are not linking with my code.
Guess I will surf the net until my team come.
YAY!!!
Finally it's about time he's home!!
: If your business is food, fashion, style, or home and hasn't piqued your interest yet, perk up!!!
This does not surprise me, but where did you hear this?
is the BOMB..
Wait if you're going to be on your laptop why not just Actually, okay.
Sounds good.
:
Oh Okay, sounds intriguing!!!
: I just read The Alchemist, and now I'm on to The Four Agreements So good!
Enjoy your books!
Don't hold your breath I'm not losing sleep over you.
I gotta testify.
Come up in the spot lookin extra fly.
Til the die I die, I'mma touch the sky3
OMGG!!
Can't wait to see them!
back at you and to!!!
Xoxoxoxo
have any powershell scripts to make me a more consistent golfer?
Thanks, Tom.
Definitely see you at Mai Fest.
Happy Birthday!!
I have nothing to do...
someone entertain me?
living the life?
Kbs for breakfast!
Thanks for the congratulations.
We're excited about the competition.
Np!
Follow my band
fantastic job tonight Becca!
Loved the show!
I LOVE TORNADOS.
addicted much?
:
you're kinda lame...or asleep.
The most essential gift for a good writer is a builtin, shockproof shit detector.
Hemingway
Just chillin enjoying my packs success.
Life is good and packeritis is strong
RT : GOP is about control over the American people.
It's more important than money or budget.
It's about dividing the country.
It was....
Soap...
Poisoning....
Ah.
ah, I told you not to use Lifeboy
No breaking down today but if you do, don't call me.
Today we speak w/ writer Adam Gopnik, about why he thinks French cooking is becoming pass, and why some kitchens resemble science labs
well since I was totally a witch in Macbeth in my doctorma class in high school...
I do
Nice camera tracking applications in Andoctorid OS!
wine is definitely in order for tonight!!!
my jaw is the ultimate doctorm machine.
Eddie Palmieri at Yoshis SF and Encuentro del Canto Popular  the Brava SF as well with John Santos among others.
Support LIVE music!
Why do you have to scroll past accounts  lists just to get to searches?
I wish you could start fresh  search
i do feel sorry for you!
lol.
travisclark what's your favorite song on sunshine state of mind?
:
I think he fell asleep on me before he could even call me back :/ i guess basketball has really been killing him this week love you babe!
Hi!
All 4 of my uncles were in the NYPD.
I am from Long Island, myself.
Where you at boo?
We miss you around these parts.
thought i was dying earlier this week.
turns out i was wrong.
carry on.
My sister won third for her Bo Kata...
yay Kiana!
Sorry, that is a gift from on high.
Only a very special few can do it.
And no, he really isn't on twitter, which is fun.
me too!
btw what is your professorle picture of?
loool
haha pretty sure i was still doctornk at work this morning...i spelled the special wrong on the board
We are looking for a Proofreader Contract in Dallas.
Email
That's why they don't call it a tire chipper, I suppose.
We're shooting stuff for the Tux  Tennies gala with the right now.
did a great job with his French.
Tres bien!
Pearson  Son of Pear Coincidence?
Haha I was mocking a few buddies after their loss.
Mavs fan for life!
I wanna see my mom but not with a hangover
It sucks when you're ignored by the person whose attention is the only thing you want in the world.
get better fast Rampage!
You're my favorite fighter!
:
: Buffalo Wild Wings with the husband and the prettyface.
3 omg I'm the husband!!!
3
Likewise Brotha!
Cheers!
RT : Aloha and Mahalo for the follow.
Keep the good eats comin.
Everyone needs a good teabagging every once in awhile!!!
All I can say is wow!
2 Sessions today back to back Jussed and John Douja
just gathered the pages for Cavities Issue.
DECEMBER 15TH GET READY.
Oh yes.
Got a good laugh out of that one haha
HA!
I saw you in a 3Ninjas Movie!!
Tonight on Hoarders one of my star my employees and a couple buddies will be representing the blue crew
Who wants a teaser of our new song?
;
Girl!
It was so crazy!!!
I'm still shocked!
I'll give you the deets later!
:
God please forgive me for my sins .
Had a good day so far went swimmin now who knows wat else imma do today
When do feel love?
Xavier doctorves to the hoop uncontested!
Now the Aztecs have a 9085 lead with 3 mins left in OT.
TCU takes a 30 sec timeout.
Will or be at USAH Pacific Districts?
Bet they will, and bet I'll see both of them as I'm tweeting updates
u should come tiny chat with me then :
Thanks a lot, man.
I'm pumped!
Destery...
Just because your mom tells you  i love you doesnt mean she your girlfriend...
Naaa jk its about time;3
New day...Putting the Comets loss behind me.
Focusing on a SportingKC win!
Bring it!
yes, Houston Wildcats.
What you got
oh bruno mars u so funny 3 you
that was part of the original intent, the yahoo node.js framework does similar
yeah!
: I think I moved something in my spine :/
Wow.
People keep phone histories like they would track their car ownership history before.
yo what the fuck i told you now when i see you we going to have problems
To say I'm freaking out right now would be an understatement.
OH EM GEE!
Have you listened to Gangsta Grass?
hahaha I just wanted to see if it worked...i take it it didnt
Thanks We're excited to bring the race to the Yorkshire area!
If you guys need anything from let me know!
I only got 145
Who is househunting today?
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
Feel Better I Miss You N Love You Bro NoHomo I was thinking bout u all week Feel Better!
U Gunna be back in no time to bruh
congrats Michael!!
On My Way, dude!
LOL
tell me why some dude told me I sound like Childish Gambino over XBL hahahahaha
Thanks!
I'm excited!
Had a great rehearsal with our 21 finalists!
They all worked so hard!
There literally was blood sweat and tears!
OK, that's a good answer!
You win.
RT : Keep the words flowing my friends!
You can do this!!
dfwrhinos nanowrimo Put writeordie to good use...it will help!
Another wonderful show!
Thank you for the fantastic feature on our lil lefty Stephen Campbell.
One proud mama...
no problem dude
RT The anticircumvention provisions of the DMCA are like that hypothetical law against opening the hood of your own car.
Have you heard MILF ?
I can't watch this fucking game......
good suggestion will pass along
every day?
Saw a biker today that really inspired me!
He was pulling a BIG bike trailer and in the trailer was his upright bass!
Awesome!
oh ya know just for the weekend.
:
: you might wanna wear a mask!!!
Lol thank you Got my EmergenC on deck!
Working Saturdays isn't so bad when the programs I'm covering include The Dark Crystal  a folk guitarist in the stacks.
thank you for the follow!
Wow great long night for me
You know you're a Dallas Stars fan if you rooted for the Mavs to win the NBA because it's nice to see someone playing in AAC in June.
hey baby, u sleeping?
You ought to hear the involved technical explanation of a grade B egg.
It's so involved and technical it doesn't make sense.
im in love with sugarscape xx
8th grade sucks
Thanks to  for taking action to protect direct care workers.
This new PaulWeller is really good.
He just keeps doing it right.
Lets go Rangers!
Sahr is kicking it on the Colbert show.
Check it out!
Can't spell LeVelUp without LUV!
Isn't the moon supposed to be really close too?
Happy early Birthday!
Lebron free gums, doctor fit t shirt, and two sleeveless nikepro shirts for gym...120 winning
tune in for some awesome photo tips!
This zoo trip sucks ass, This trip is too good to be true !
I have to be optimistic.
Just heard you all mentioned on HLN, wish all schools had the same rules ....
RT : We're up for voting in the Business Journal's Brand Madness Competition!
Vote now for Summerfest, voting ends......
When life is sweet, say thank you and celebrate, and when life is bitter, say thank you and grow.
GIANT NIALL POSTER.
nasty strippers with bad teeth!
NO
this is more important than Happy Hour
We're at the BSO eating cookies and looking at globeposter until 8:30, come join us!!!
Thanks!
I am excited and ready to go.
If someone post 4 times on same topic, I get annoyed.
But if I see loads of ppl in network on same topic, I want in
My friends and I are playing a house show in my backyard this Friday at 7pm...you should come
played it.
killed about 10 minutes
Hi.
I'm  .
What's your name?
they're hyperactive after that Fox 29 report last week
Favorite comment so far, god forbid not all of us run straight home for some DnD or WoW.
WillingHAM Twins I love this guy.
We have a very dedicated group of students working hard to help spread the word about Gears and kickstarter!
you're right.
Relocated to wynwood peeps....we'll be here for a little while so you can pass by for some much needed sweetness
Looking to sell your home in 2011 or know someone who is?
This is a great read for you!
goo.gl/DY2C3
Where them fakers fans at
THANKS!
Hope all is well!

ha ha!
I need to find pictures of that!
RT Follow for DC/VA Apartment Info in Redskins Country!
Keith Olbermann, host of msnbc's Countdown was suspended over making political contributions to candidates running for office.
WHY do we keep trading our picks!?
I'll take that 3rd round pick we just got, but come on!
I want Ronnell Lewis!
He's gonna kill it!
Want a followback ?
Then go follow Right Now , And Retweet This  Refresh Your Page And You'll Have New Fol...
Thanks Guys!
Currently ninth in line at Ollie's Trolley in Louisville.
Gotta have my Ollie w cheese.
I seriously cannot believe that ending to
thanks...
That means a lot to me Katie..
3
Good night my fellow tweeters.
how goes it?
I want to be the first to know if you have any success with that.
Can I get some more followers please or some retweets I am such an inspirational artist lol follow me ;
Worst part is seeing those psychos from Philly happy.
Wizards will never win until they change their name back to Bullets.
News Update: Mitt Romney has won Nebraska and Oregon primaries.
Ron Paul has doctorpped out for remaining states giving Romney a clear path
Why I thought watching Law  Order CI was more productive than getting ready for work I'll never know
Were yet to see the publisher produce anything major on that front, though
literally blew a gasket last night.test ifttt
Back on top of my money finally bills paid and all Finna get cut up and Lit
If you are in the area of Imperial Beach on Tuesday, then LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN IN HAND!
Momma has to go buy me more treats so that I can wake Daddy up at 3 AM  bark at him until he gets me one...until then I want pizza ;
!
RT : Check Free, real world info about PTSD, TBI,  LifeAfterCombat from ppl whove been there  done that!
The last time I gave a urine sample, there was an olive was in it
It's freezing outside .
I believe 4 and then they all share an open large space.
The site exists at the elementary level
Emotional GrammyAwards  Probably one of the best I've seen in a long time.
Amazing performances.
teenwork.ca thanks for the follow.
What do you fear?
A cage.
To stay behind bars until use  old age accept them  all chance of valor has gone beyond recall or desire.
Love that feeling as a football player B
Great tips on FB engagement for B2B brands  Intel is doing some cool stuff  thanks for sharing!
really?
what does she look like...a troll?
only if I can be the little spoon 
Math state tests 
Diane Latiker  Amazing woman.
Shoot  I thought you meant, you know, be blew up.
Boom.
off with it!
Bahahaha, turning hoes into housewives!
MT : yep.
That one, too.
She will from now be known as Virginia Housewife.
You should come watch the Teen Wolf finale with me!
;
Yeah!!
RT : lets get this visual going indigo !
Dm you contact information or email to
San Diego Electrician 6195488108: San Diego Electrician
plz follow mhe ima real big fan of u beauty and star iwould like to make a song with u guys one day 3
This song just fucked up my mood.
But I can't stop listening to it /3
Can we have our 70 degree weather back?
Yes I'm a wimp when it comes to the cold!
MY MOTHER WOULD BE PROUD!!!
lol jk m
Thanks for sharing your brilliance with the world :
What's twitter 4 again Dkm
Like a boss.
No silly LoL of course its more for looks but I guess I would have to move a little in it, I'm not gonna be doing Christina
A man's silence is wonderful to listen to.
Thomas Hardy
How long does a harp stay in tune?
About twenty minutes, or until someone opens the door.
This shit crazy
Thank you Pmore.
I am finally with the times eh?
I have to get my head out of the books sometimes so I making strides.
I'm attracted by looks.
Personality makes me stay.
3
My mentions tonight, tho
..feel ya, my apple!
don't root for Clippers bc of the owner, but that was pretty amazing.
Yea what ?
I am wrong ?
Ur team is gonna win more than 5 games ?
On the far side of TSA security I'm relearning the economic laws of supply and demand.
The holidays are great and all but I need a break from my family......
Words are words ...
PACERS win!
The discussion is fairly heated.
My Phd students are a bit upset by Sir Keith Thomas on 'Young Academics' in Indy.
thats funny!
bonding : I'm shadowing aaron at Concordia in the next couple weeks hahahhahaha thiswillbegood
bro you dont wanna do that
Haha it's too hot here
someone's actually getting TWO dead gators in the mail.
i didn't want to separate them.
like kittens, basically.
going to be so jealous of the girl that marries you someday.
A father is always making his baby into a little woman.
And when she is a woman he turns her back again.
rolled of the bed shot back pow pow
look at your headLes deal is being great thanks all checkout the rest of the interview.
Good point.
Or know thyself.
I need some space bags
Love that Biden was in town  all I'm seeing is that he had jenis.
Shows what really gets ppl including me excited about politics.
It was good, I hear you all had a real defensive battle.
Glad to hear our defense did so well
I really like Oomf even though we just met but it doesn't seem the same on his end.
KTVN Channel 2  Reno Tahoe News Weather, Video  France chooses a new ...
KTVN
Morning Peeps  :
I was serious x it was funny
Obsessing over how freaking cute was when she was little!!!
indeed we do!
well imma be intown tomorrow!
well today so hmu!
letsbringback Everyone's Selfconfidence
doctor West is flat out rocking and rolling regarding President Obama on AlJazeera right now.
Ditto for you from Cool stuff ur doingwish I had s.m.
class when I was here.
Course web wasn't invented yet.
:
I just made swiss and mushroom quiches so delicious that I ate one even though I have adverse reactions to eggs.
AABP is hosting a 6 week tournament starting next week...250.00 payout..you know anyone who'd be interested?
I think the day went by ok..
I will be stoping for dinner tonite!
RT this if you think I should change my mind and run for reelection cause  are boring
Really?
Great!
No one cares.
I was told Unaffiliated ballot only had the amendment on it, that's it.
Not sure if there are any other nonpartisan races.
Want a pair of white Georgetown Day sunglasses?
Just show your debit card to a teller tomorrow and ask
The last Wednesday of the month is always Biker Movie night This week I think is I bought a Vampire Motocycle
AmITheOnlyOneThat said good night too soon?
Tired but far from sleepy :/
Whoops, that's WELCOA.
One L, not two.
Join us Trucko de Mayo, biggest Food Truck party on the East Coast!!
RFK Stadium Lot 3 11:309:00!
No traffic out.
Great time for a scooter ride.
FF thanks for the continued support
Oh sorry, teamAdam you lost.
teamBlake all the way.
I don't think the cast members write that themselves.
It's probably someone in web production that did that.
AWFUL.
In related news, iPhone autocorrects 'Lojban' to 'Libyan'.
i'm not gonna tweet like crazy about my boyfriend, but i'm very happy with my life at this moment.
me either
RT : Many of us in the US have off today.
Regardless of if you do or not, try to keep in mind why.
Q3 What are the biggest hurdles in implementing mobile marketing?
ok just be sure to let the Hotel know you are expecting a package.
I would hate for your wiredwaffles to get returned
Tomorrow will be openyourwindowsandenjoythefreshairday!
you killed it tonight!
i hate it when people point or stare like what u lookin at what u got somethin 2 say like what u lookin at bra bra
It's like I see all these people on Twitter into and knowledgeable about the sport, Yet I can't find one like that :/ lol
Prayers up to my CHS fam affected by the loss of Tendai.
I didn't know the dude, but I can see the affect he had on all my lil homies.
I walked pass you in NY Nov.
2001 on my way to see phantom of the opera/ it felt like I saw a ghost lol...
like he's real?
Teaching girls how to play football is tough..
welp time to eat some taco bell  wait for a call.
todaywasgood:
Thank you to everyone who helped support MamasDay2012!
What was your favorite part of the evening?
Rogue Dead Guy Ale is really good.
I know you were wondering.
you're so caring to your fans!
:D
justin bieber
We had a great time seeing you too!
thank you for looking out for the animals big man.
You are a voice for good!
If I find any, they're all yours!
I support my local kinksters.
I'm going with books....oh and parenting
This is how Philly DOES IT!
RT : Dilworth is clear, no arrests, no violence.
Philly Police professorssional occupyphilly peaceful.
i wanna vote again but i cant it wont let me grrrrrrrrr
GenX
Good Night everyone :
MC CHALLENGE THIS SUNDAY!!!!!!!
hint,nudge,wink lol
Heading to church.....maybe tanning later?
whyamithinkingthesethings because our wives won't let us leave on tuesday
I'm all for conferences in cities where I live, or where I know a lot of people with couches.
Sorry, we depend on APIs that are only in Snow Leopard and higher.
This one hits close to home RT : I have to constantly help my parents with technology.
How pissed is Daequan Cook right now?
If the Heat win the title, I vote he gets a ring as well.
Truth builds trust.
Marilyn Suttle
it's NOT a warranty issue.
I'm idiot who lost part.
Fine.
It's about politeness, service, openness.
RIM flunks on all points.
Good morning my twitters lovers, whats cooking.
Dad, that tree wouldn't go in our front yard.
It's not going in our front yard, Russ.
It's going in our living room.
Game 1 of the Eastern Conference Semis will be at the Gahhhden Saturday night.
Yeah.
That's mindboggling.
But wicked awesome!
I love Bella Thorne she's unique in her own way she's a great dancer and i look up to her in fact people always say I look like her
who are you with?
but I wouldn't b actually DOING anything.
Its sorta like masturbation....kinda sorta
I love your Dad...he's so sweet!
now you know how I felt when you, and were all over my twitter feed about that damn baseball stadium...
Jane Yow from the Performance Link, will be our guest speaker tonight at 5:30.
Bring a friend or potential new member!
See you all there!
I'm back on my grind...ugh
Happy Friday the 13th witches!
I'm staying in a hotel with a 13th floor.
Also, I am bewitching.;
she wish she had my life  not those 2 kids so whatever
Hi Cory and thank you for following.
Your book, from what I've read is a must have.
I'll keep track of you posts Best wishes to you
Poor hoodoctort Evelyn Lozada.
The only thing in her vocab is the f bomb and bih to jumping on tables.
shame Do better!
I want to, but it didn't work out this year....next year!!
Happy birthday to the Petes 
I'm a chickenhawk re: Iran, but took pause today wondering if the West might be creating another 1930s Germany.
Matt Kemp wasn't lying when he said he was going for a 5050 season...he's Barry Bonds scary right now.
Whats with AZ and the legislature?
hey hon you should make your mj shirts the twitter picture :
WOW!!!
len gves a TEN!
FINALLY.
someone had their oatmeal this morning!!:
nothin just laying down watching tv.
Thx for the connect, now pls check my arch and int design tweets at Cheers!
1000 followers!
Thanks everyone!
Here's to the next 1000.
Have a great weekend in CLE.
Seattleites, when you were little, who was your cartoon character?
happycincodemayo to all of my and your hispanic heritage day
Which one of us got hacked?
I had to reset my account info.
42 followers :p
TOMORROW  I will be at the Celebrating Mom!
Craft  Vendor Show from 11am  3pm at Ashton Place, 341 75th Street, Willowbrook, IL.
tigers a beast at golf.
Let face it, golf is not hockey or a contact sport and he gets quits like hes playing 1.
man up
My hormones are on rage right now, so, small stupid things the Lakers do, pisses the fuck out of me.
Come on
Why!
Why!
Why am I here!
Jane stop this crazy thing!!!!
Uh, ?!
RT Hey, can I get some new pants on?
'Cause, uh...
I'm kinda peein' in my shorts.
May I Please Listen To It : I Need Inspiration 2 Make Some More Music
Bears LOL.
Sucks to suck.
Winning the Superbowl is a great feeling.
Too bad you were 6 years late.
And then when they ate her out again a while later one thought he found it and bit into it.
But it wasn't a skittle it was a herpes sack.
we were all thinking it.
Aslan is really the only option in my mind.
And the Pacers pick up their 87th foul of the game.
If you're near Raleigh NC and want to help needy animals please become foster parent for SPCA of Wake Co.
URGENT!
www.spcawake.org/foster
Good Morning Twitther
At some point, Twitter becomes an echo chamber for egotists.
i wanna come too.
lol
I love you !
Good Morning Balloon Museum followers!
The weather is telling us Balloon Fiesta is right around the corner!
Roll Call: Who's registered for Summer Camp 2011 already?
Listening to that Carter I
I respect that.
I just feel like everybody has their lane is all.
Have an earbud jammed in my ear after the earpiece i wear to hear my producer broke today.
About to start work!
Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow!
More News on VA AForum FB and Virginia Actors' Forum Group!
Follow VAF on Twitter at VAFNEWS!
Im just a real nigga doin his part
You haven't ate pizza rolls since 1979, why would you start now.
Things you hear in WalMart.
RThad a doctoram I could buy my way into heaven/// Streets are paved with gold...aint gonna happen.
tomorrow mateo
where you go to school at now
Ain't no girl worth.losing ya wife and ain't no.beef worth.you losing ya life omm
: If you like movies/work in movies/have seen a movie, following the prolific David Hudson at is a must!
What industry should I be looking to purchase stock in, biomedical or technology?
hmm ...
not sure which rule you mean, but the commas weren't being used to separate a related cause, which
BARAJAS!!!!
Clap it up.
Who needs Josh Hamilton!!
The South Bend Symphony String Ensemble will perform at the Tutt Branch on May 3rd at 4 p.m.
Call 2824637 for more information.
right, right.
Gonna watch Warren the Ape pretty hilarious stuff
PLUS THERE MIGHT BE AFTER SHOCKS!
That moment when your in school text and her phone dies smh
I wish the weather would make up its mind which season we were in..
okay so i cannot stop listenin to AnglesAndGentelmen i think im officially addicted!!!!
It's been an hour since you asked this, but it was a statewide doctorll for severe weather awarness week.
Babies are really intense pets.
Hello people.
haha
Dnt come at me wit no wack as lines come at me rite im a lady an deserve tha best
I hate morning breath so much I wake just to brush my teeth then go back to sleep, that or its the first thing I do before anything else
just got my plane tickets for !!!!!!!!!
Put your detective skills to work and solve this dinner mystery while enjoying a 4 course culinary creation!
Rodgers scores the match's first break, now trying to serve out the first set at 65.
You bet!
RT Just realized that fellow Hanover Elementary and Buffalo High School grad is Kare 11's new meteorologist.
hey girl!
Not this time we're out in Millersville Boo  sounds like you you'll have Millertime in Millersville.
Actions.
But you cannot control the interpretations of your actions.
i would gladly sit on 's face.
It took me 3 nights to get through that heap of propaganda.
You did do a nice job, McAdam's teacher's pet not 1 to do the job
thank you 
thanks much!!
Looking fwd to keeping updated on the exciting things happening with the team :
I was trying to overlook that fact.
After tonight his silver spoon was shining brightly.
Just like old times RT : Will Ferrell hosting SNL is kind of an event.
Don't know whether you need to be going overseas, but def worth investigating.
she had no focus or a clue....just crazy
to make outgoing calls!
You mean at all?
Lol.
New animated Avatar Legends of Korra FANTASTIC!
Headstrong girl Avatar, needs to learn spiritual/Air Bending, class oppression/strife, etc
i love song TTYL!..
it's dope!
My cousin say free instead of three
not much, getting everything ready for prom tomorrow, wbu?
thanks for hanging w/us!
Dude no one cares
Okay, making me cry over here!
Re: Billy Blanks Jr.
it's on YouTube :
Our Mixer is next TUESDAY at Coppia in the Pearl!
68pm.
Come meet new business partners.
40 Laps to go at with in the lead  if you missed the first half catch the end on
Hello Jasper smiles how are you
Hooray!
And thanks.
Jack had his eyes on a table of women the whole time.
It was pretty cute.
this cemetery project is gay as heck.
Apologies for the uptime issues, and thanks for bearing with us  see next message about downtime between 9pm  7amET
i would piss on you
.
Why not list for us all the reasons you think companies SHOULD support ALEC?
what are the great things it has done for us?
How do you keep your cool in stress.
RT If I met I would ask her...?
doctor Frederick Frankenstein: HE'S GOT A ROTTEN BRAIN!
IT'S ROTTEN, I TELL YA!
ROTTEN!
The Monster: RAAAAAAAA!
Igor: Ixnay on the ottenray.
Listening to some girl talk about traveling at the table next to me...sigh.
Makes me want to go to Europe again...
I understand a lot but what I will not tolerate is being put second to anyone friends no family of course
The safety of the world, in some sense, depends on you saying 'no' to inhumane ideas  AZ Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords
Does everyone have new outfits on in honor of the new uniforms tomorrow?
Ottawa pulls the goalie with 1:15 left.
Everything happens for a reason.
The hard part is figuring out that reason.
The One who carries the cross, carries me.
Such an pleasant feeling to just fall in His arms and trust in Him.
What gives ?
I can't accept the follower request from

Connecting to would be awesome.
Working on balancing ideas and execution.
Successful people do both.
Dean has
Sore, achy back?
Need a great, therapeutic massage in San Antonio?
Call 3348488  mention Twitter for 15 off all week!
pero you have to understand certain people have different situations.
that's impressive
thanks to our new followers happy friday!
Happy Birthday I know you will kill it Tonight Let the Party Rock!
Opening set by !
Lose: Don't, Can't, Must, Should, and No from your vocabulary if you want new creative ideas from your team.
His words still on my mind......
need an extra boost during your ride?
come in and pick up some Hammer Gel and Gu products!
We can't bunt there to move Ramirez over to third?
In the office still.
Been a long say, but this is the Spring/SummertimeGrind of recruiting!
Try the sticky pads for a few days just to make sure!
After my first few centipedes I have the exterminator come in quarterly.
oh, salsa is a great idea.
Loved Karen the Cougar
Get your sexy Tebow Tshirts at www.tebowtees.com
home is where your heart is.
The grass is never greener on the other side.
Happy December, 24 Days til Christmas!
Feelin' no love from any of you guys /3
Damn the music makers in life sometimes; because of them, I now have to put pants on.
was joslin asking for an autograph?
I walk in to a school with empty halls, when its usually packed.
Am I missing something?
Julia gets govn't help her whole life  can't have a baby w/out govn't into her 30s?
This is the country we want?
the wife wasn't looking while I took the photo lol
Great job!
Love this app!
Only 1/22 students in my course was assigned an ebook textbook for another course
the real cost of gas has cost over 12/gal for a long time
How many of y'all muhfuckas took a shower before taking your Avi pic?
Only two??
...
I can tell
totally fun!
YES  definitely interested.
email me at lixilamb at gmail dot com and we'll discuss ...
would love that!
he did and it was amazing!
Thinking back on how awkward my hug with Nick Jonas was when I met him...i'm such a dork.
stoked about my two new tiny tattoo additions 
Spotify.
I can't decide which one I like better.
doing the paper work for our wooden rocking horse project with
speakin of the girl who calls me blocked!
Might as well
if only
glad you are coming  be sure to tweet both and about your breakfast wish.
wow, I want that back yard hooo hooo lol
great to meet you yesterday!
Just transfered my last domain from GoDaddy to
To try and prove God using science might work for a Christian but it would probably also work for an atheist trying to prove God
It's going to be an awesome day!
: always glad to have you...hope you enjoyed!
No one is happy, unless they are free
has been coughing for 5 minutes straight now and is still coughing
Apparently this is my 2 yr Twitter anniversary.
Joined at the Shape of Things to Come conference after watching 's feed.
If all you have is W2 income,no deductions and little income,you should try to complete your own tax return.
www.1040Easyonline.com
Pulled for Bodemeister but happy for I'll Have Another's win.
So grateful to be in the happenings of what has already happened!
I think there is a bigbangtheory quote for every life situation
I'm going to be in ripon next Saturday, probably not on campus though.
Maybe I'll stop at Rodman :
Joe Brennan simply looks out of sync for the second straight spring game.
Yes he's going against the 1stteam D, but looks so uncomfortable
Kemp on DL.
There goes any hope of having a good performance this week and next
Thank you for all the adds so far!
We're still working on getting up and running.
Please check back here soon for more information!
Late NFL star Seau's family undecided on brain research
Thanks for mentioning us!
Enjoying the weather today?
I'M NOT.
hahaha how much is a lil bit ?
School is almost out!!
Do you have your summer calendar filled??
Add us to it!!
THE FUN STARTS HERE!!!
it's ok I'll tell my carnal to handle you LOL
I like how Mac used flaky, petulant meathead in his latest Tribune column.
lol i miss you too!!!!
i wanna see you!!
IA in the summer ill be ova ur house with my sis erday lol:P
where is my golf cart doctorver!?
Back at 'cha from everyone at The Fund!
We love !
How do I know you won't kill me?
....
because if you told me an' you were lying I wouldn't get to kill you then.
anyone?
1!
MT When I make a list, I always end it with make a list.
CHECK.
So I begin with a sense of accomplishment.
today was pretty good for a tuesday been trying to write that disturbing story for my writing class but i end up grossing myself out
Can't thank y'all enough for liking us!
Be sure to share the page  the website with your friends :
STALL: Hwy 26 WB in the tunnel right lane blocked
Doing shop visits in Los Angeles all week.
If you are from the area, let us know your favorite shop.
We might just stop by!
Shaka Smart turned down Illinois coaching position and stays at VCU.
Glad he is being loyal to these young players
Friday May 13th is your Lucky day.Art Exhibit at Pilates Plus San Diego 58pm...visit the web site...
What up twits...
Well, in that case, cheers to you!
So true!
RT : I freaking love Only he could pull this off
: .
Retweet .
Follow Back ?
Please
l know.
Put some pants on.
Much sexier
Couldn't sleep half the night, but am staying positive about tonight's game!
Wow.
Bruins fans sure showed a lot of class after losing :p
12 hours and some 2,000 photos later...it's a wrap!
Lol I bet!!!
How come you did it?
Finally made it to the barber shop
Yeah, it was a while back huh, ?
Thanks for the love
Happy to see Lebron James back in action!
I'm freezing my balls off here at the end pier and in about 7 hours I'll be sweating my balls off back home in AZ.
check out A1styles on facebook
Good Morning Great People Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate.
Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.
Hi my loves!!!!
How are you today?!
:
What's wrong?
:/
Are any of you beta testing the Disney Studio All Access program yet?
week 10!
tune into 98.5 and hear whose next on the 7:40 it goes down right now tune in
Shoot so fun yest.Had 2 sit on lockers half day but wasnt flat so had to cling on 4 dear life lol.
Also had 2 hold onto boombox at same time
im good enjoyin life.
you in the chi?
go like me on facebook!!!
look up cortney taylor under pages!!!
123 GO
is twitter tarded
oracle linux unix Ever need to know when an inode was birthed?
try 'stat f SB' now that's not a hint you hear every day!
His game tonight was awesome for a shorthanded team.
He almost willed the series to a game 7 in the Chi.
Sometimes in life u have tough decisiosns to make :/
Coach Ham style baby RT : Fisher's NSD press conference has been delayed.
It was supposed to start at 3 pm, but still isn't underway
Im patiently impatient 
I don't see anywhere that says how long the b'day offer is good for
: Been up all day creating dope shit for the GSU fashion show me an GRINDIN for 
simple and fantastic quote!
Great to meet u too!
RT Nice meeting with you !
Nashville here we come!
Thank you!!!
I think I'm going to start a whole series of them.
RT I LOVE IT
I tell people oka cool .
When I dnt care lol.
Yeah...
me too.
It was rather alarming to be woken up by fighter jets and helicopters last night.
the worst one to go to!
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me.
Kurt Cobain
no I still feel pretty shitty.
Only difference is I now want a puppy
Andoctor Lacy: this meeting is crucial.
Our months of waiting are over.
Meeting  never a means of placing blame.
Arsenio Edwards IS UGLY AS HELL
Wow u have alot of girls tweeting ya!
LOL
RT : Got sinusitis?
Use netipot w/ a pinch of sea salt in luke warm water, rinse regularly
Eyes are the window to the soulHemingway
I'm just good like that
Listening to music :D
I got the iBook bible on the ipad too, I can't find the new king James though.
Do you have the New King James?
It's raining 3s in Dallas
if u lose smething of urs  look4 it u will alwys find it n da last place u look evn if its da1st place u look y keep lookin after u find it
kinda ??
And I bet you are lol
OMG!!
Leave Alone!
Like Seriously!
Like he is better then you!
Had so much fun watching a couple of the films for upcoming season.
Great stuff in the works!!!
does ulsterscot  Irish?
Please educate me on such things!!
:
WHY are you talking about it on twitter?!?!?!
Seriously though I can't wait.
I need to talk to a couple of colleagues about doing a session on a project here, but if not that, it would be geospatial.
Ready to party
at home doctornking a bottle of
Ironically, my wife's iPod Touch passed away on the very same day as Steve Jobs.
Sadly, there is no replacement for Steve.
I didn't want it to become an emergency replacement situation and I can still get what I need directly off the old one.
jealous!
I have salted almonds...
::
Upon watching Exit Through the Gift Shop I am compelled to ask Banksy if he can display his wide set of unique skills.
Renoir'dstencils
thanks so much!
MK is being finished off stream but it is all being recorded...
i will post matches tomorrow
I never learn in science
Well, that was stressful.
Time to clean my brain with
Stand ready!
Believe ,repent ,receive!
And?
I got a new radio!
this mess going on?
This are all bunch of Bullshit ha haha lol..
grown up folks fighting like animals damn!!
Easy for you to say.
At least you have a left nipple.
Lost mine at age 15 in a skateboard/chain link fence accident.

are out at a mystery location  we'll be taking your guesses in less than 30!
Tune in to
Life at the holiday inn again in Albq after trip to raton
hope all is well my friend
Quote of the night  Chips and salsa lol all night
Why Black People Think You'll Remember A Person If They Say A Name Twice?
You Remember Ashley?
Ashley Who?
Ashley Ashley
You sir, obviously don't play Fallout.
I've to go to do some shopping
Forget all the reasons it won't work,  believe in the one reason why it will.
writing submitting NaPoWriMo grading essays, cooking, packing books in my office, getting to a novel to read back home
I'm trying but its so close to my vacation
Guys ever see George Michael sing this at Freddy Mercury's tribute?
Kills it.
actual conversation at poker table at Brewhouse.
Among men.
RT : Biggest lesson a person can learn is to let stuff gothats what she said..lol
Mumford and sons 
NBC expanded Summer Olympics camera coverage!
The world will finally get to see Chess Boxing.
NW A Walk to Remember !!
:
Two former bank chiefs have admitted to crimes while running their respective institutions
Take my belt off bitch im pooty tang//Tippy tah Tippy tay u gon get a tip today//Fuck that u gon get some dick Today
i wish her the best:
doctorw reminds me of the coach on Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Remember him in the movie?
Might even be the same guy...
Lol
My iPhone says tomorrow has changed its great weather!
Love it!
;
That looks like the stain in his back seat!
Take time to regroup.
You can sometimes become your own worse enemy
Happy 4th of july everyone.
Go fucking enjoy it!
hi Warner Patterson
ZZIIINNNG rehearsal was too loud .
.
.
must be nice to hear high frequencies
Cailiffs of Baghdad, Georgia by Mary Helen Stefaniak
Desperate times and all that.
FreeGio RT : And here comes Harry's hail Mary.
Gio in the game
...and now that I've made fun of that idea, I kind of want to do it
hi rachel!
hope we can catch up soon!
:
www.bleachercreaturesusa.com
Back from a 2week holiday and catching up on news.
Nothing but good things to come :
it's time
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit  Kahlil Gibran, 'The Vision'
Thanks, DaveO.
I felt like ripping CD play 3 out of the rack and tossing it out the window.
We don't get along very well.
If you live in the Austin area and need new replacement windows put on your home, Statewide is the one and only choice for your home!
you make me smile, cry, laugh, you give me butterflies, you make me love, and you sure as hell make me jealous.
Followed them all.
Interesting peeps.
trying to find a person, tweeting you, Listening to black veil brides, and chillen on fb
lunch at the journey.
bout to chow
Thanks for both!
Look forward to telling you about the class.
It's really a fun sequence of topics.
I got fucking poison ivy.
SHIT
my favorite ;
Yeah so Austin Mahone is my Penguin Ok bye .
J.
Cole  Can I Live
So I pressed one for English right how come I still can't understand the dude on the other end???
Wt u doin y u acting anti
Haha why is american reject playin
: Teach me the way of life.
Fill me with the joy of your presence  Psalm 16:11.
I need a boyfriend..
After watching all these TSS videos..
Stop by Gallery 924 after the St.
Patrick's Day Parade to see Seeking Shelters.
We're excited about tonight's soup class!
So perfect for chilly January weather.
Do you have a favorite soup?
Would love to see score
Made it to florida!
I want to play!
Days like today make me wish I had a jeep.
A callout to shampoo brands?
mistertg expert on Bryce Harper: youth, talent, looks, charisma  interesting hair.
Eggs, bacon, Toast,  some OJ :
of building their own virtual popularity!
you say mad, I say has her game face on
Love your work.
Will there be any 2012 idp lists coming in the near future?
Thanks for including me in The Daily Grind's top stories!
Crowd now gathering around podium at Barrett event, last word from campaign was that he'd speak at 10
DM us with your referral code and turn that frown upsidedown!
aww thanks!
It's on campus for a testing center!
The praise that comes from love does not make us vain, but more humble.
James M.
Barrie
such an awesome doc!
We're friends of a friend and got a peak at it
Attention 8th graders: Check out the NYC High School Fair at Brooklyn Technical High School in Fort Greene today, 10am3pm.
I'll be there!
They are quite scathing/ snarky aren't they!
Only in
The first few sessions were definitely cleansing.
Felt a lot of pain and emotions moving around.
It can get intense...
Happy to say I never worked at a fast food chain...
smnpchat transparency is guiding value in the process  and staff are confident that employee retention is top priority
Say what you want about Melo, but he can sure turn it the hell on in crunch time.
No Facebook just Twitter for Now To Many people with to many Problems So I'll be /DaHustlemane FOLLOW ME I will hit you BAC
Haha academy award winner mike smith
The movie Safe with Jason Statham was full of action and suspense.
I loved the conflict between cultures.
Great film set in NYC.
Id like to be everything you want.
See you at chocolate decadence!
Lonely but not alone...
Awesome half.
Good job, Rex.
Don't throw at Revis.
cc:
woah don't get to crazy
Holy fuck it's like hardcore raining outside I feel like my window is going to break from the hail.
I don't want to die lol
Last show today and SOLD OUT!
Sorry to those we had to turn away last night but STAY TUNED  this won't be the last you'll hear of DDJ!
Don't celebrate ya still need 2 more...
And some defense would be nice
who's had a worse month,the vikes,giants or jets?
Agreed, makes me CRAZY RT : Why do people insist on putting an S to some restaurants?
It's Vapiano, Dino.
No S at the end.
HB1051 will hurt Maryland Computer Repair and IT Service firms.
It will also hurt 99 of taxpayers and small businesses.
I think of more as the Forrest Gump of DH.
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at s Mongolian Grill  Lexington.
Caring Club members...
2 fonts per page max.
Both espn games were tight today.
Quick question, is Typhon actually tameable?
Ultros came with the cinematic, but nothing for Typhon.
Thanks in advance.
damn straight
Southwest Airlines launches one day Florida fare sale
I hate when my phone wont download music
cool:x
God was bored by him.
Victor Hugo
We were just there last weekend.
How do you like their food?
Yes I did!
That's why it's best to keep business and personal separate!
It's business!
Poor girl...
Hi Lorren, missed seeing your tweets lately.
finally a pass in stride
Idaho Yesterdays files have been fixed, the last hurdles in place, we are in the home stretch.
Watching an extended edition of Return of the King.
The cut scenes really change a few things.
Recommending a project plan for a library website redesign.
okay ?
your point is ???
lol
love ya
Looking forward to a very early video shoot tomorrow!
No really...I am!
Does anyone know if the presale requires the code AND an AMEX card or just either?
spoiler alert
do cardio AFTER your weight workout.
muscles need glycogen for weight lifting, and doing cardio first will use it up
Tweet tweet
LSU vs Bama Tonight at The Anchor Bar.
Come in for 7 Domestic Pitchers and 50 cent wings all day and night!!
Also it Hospitality night..
Well, you must be home by now.
Hope you had a good trip.
Wow : You ever have kids remind me to send them a prezzie!
Cat in the hat was my childhood, then again we didn't have Tintin.
Dal Palak sauce with mild curry, yellow split peas and spices over roasted lamb slices!.......very tasty!
I get it..
I know ppl who go Casino on Fri  Sat night then come Sunday morning ask me to help pay their mortgage.
I'm all set for a week of research in the Ishmael Reed papers at the University of Delaware's Morris Library.
totalassaultontheculture!
It rarely happens here before 3 or 4pm unless it has to.
My usual routine: wake up, shuffle to coffee, shuffle to desk.
Begin.
Thanks lol.
We will see you guys in the season opener so its going to be a war as always
So much...
If you're Repub because of pre1960's I feel sorry for you for missing 40 years.
60's is when both parties changed on social issues
Why are you letting them get wide open 3's 
MXA'S 2012 HUSQVARNA TC250 MOTOCROSS TEST: SOMETHING GOOD CAME FROM BMW ...
Motocross Action Magazine
Stuck in the past
I love you and thank you!!
:
Pierce is better but has a few more tools..
Miller makes a ton out of little physical ability..
He is super crafty  strong
Please naaaaaaaaa :p RT I'm really thinkin bout cuttin ma hair
No worries.
Great to see you!
LMFAO she really is
Re.
dentist's waiting room: makes a twisted kind of sense, if you think about it
Well, jolly scientific of you, then
come wind down at the Joy Ride.
we had a fun visit to today.
always a good day when that happens.
can't wait until next time!
if you havent turned in your receipt, i will not have class points for you.
bring it to CRJ office or to class next tues
Word of the Day: Microwait Consequence of the lunchtime rush for the microwave in corporate settings.
I can't watch ABDC tonight ':
is there no way to watch the game today from tally?
Jacobin Bill  Ted will be my intended audience, for sure.
Go Pens!
Go Canucks!
oh please..lying ass!
lol
I love my partners  sponsors in  they include , Se Hotel, Sofia Hotel, The Lingerie Lounge and
Talking with the homeboy CTFU Gotta luv him
My son got a job!
Lol at people that hate mainstream artists...
Umm there's a reason they r so popular, they r awesome
Whoooooooaaaa from black to white
Minute means a lot!
Getting on a boat going to Thunderbird Lodge
it gets easier when you get older, trust me
Manning should go 2 BALT.They're ready to win now and it would be ironic if Manning left Indy for BALT knowin BALT left for Indy
Omg LOL RT : Admitting you are an asshole is the first step of becoming a republican
bitch are you doctornk?
It's a weekday!
FF he's an amazing dedicated guy that's Straight Edge.
Happy Friday bro!
thank you!
Celebrating International Badge Day in 2012 by wearing my letters on my heart.
enjoy the rest of your day!
Who will win it all today?
Who are the Colonials fans cheering!?

this girl loves you SO much 3  please give her a shoutout before she goes to sleep ;
Did the Giants really want to rely on a field goal in the city of the idiot kicker quote?
Twitter is overreacting once again.
Possibly a 19 coupon may help...Just type in Waterboy and get your coupon.
be a socialworker maybe?
Volunteer?
Does it even matter?
You can even in research and advertising!
I stop and give thanks.
i love that old school beat on the chris brown Sweet Loverecord
Blazers found their 2nd unit.
you should go play tennis!
I have treasure in my mind I just need the chance unlock them.
Also a huge thank you to from NCISLA who came to support the short film she was in tu  eu by Eddie Sheih
Good to meet you tonight.
Hope to bump into you again soon!
About to get ready to photograph fightfest!!
Going to be one long hot day
Play me off Elton John!
i didnt post that pic my cousin did sorry
you know I got you spuddyy !
If he only knew how I felt...
Interesting.
I have reciprocity in about 30 states, if I had the psychotic desire to pay annual fees for no reason.
On really
Hey, I have an idea...
Stop the story topping!!
lol!
lists are now fixed, thanks for the excellent bug report!
UNBELIEVABLE.
Sajak basically making a joke about having 10 seconds and then that happens?!
BITCH IM NVER GOING NO WHERE IM HZ MAIN SQUEEZE....BLAH BLAH BLAH
i hate mondays
I see you next weekend :oD how am I to find you in this mad ocean of people?
Just head to the back?
Dear automatic flushing toilet, I appreciate the enthusiasm...
but I wasn't done yet!
Thanks for the mention!
:
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
Finished 1st wk in new position at 3Seventy  getting the word out to those wondering where I disappeared.
don't blink
The water should be salty like the sea!
's words that I remember every time I cook.
merry christmas!
locke and lola loved santa's gifts.
now off in search of coffee for the inlaws in an unfamiliar area.
I'm in love with Siri on my new iPhone 4S!!!!
that he likes him and respects him.
That's enough apparently.
What up, tho?!
Thanks for pointing that out!
It is now fixed.
Duke Blue Devils 1/2  Iron D Basketball  Pendant  Gold Plated Jewelry
: what is the date of the NBA lottery?
anyone know.
Google's giving me fuck stick responses.
think it's May 30.
Not sure tho
Open science man.
Open science.
Np Sweat It Out
I'm following the Pope on Twitter.
Are you?
i cant deal
RT : New York, you're pretty great.
Eating macncheese at 9:00 clock!!!!!: storyofmylife :
So would we!!!
check out Gutta J on you tube Nino Brown
Wats good Bro We Bacc On!
Please encourage a friend to run/walk the IMM Full, Half, or 5K.
Register TODAY  receive 5 off w/ Referral Code OneMonth.
Don't miss out!
hey sunshine :
Marchers stopped in front of Blue Cross Blue Shield
No.
We got 4 inches of snow last week...tends to put a damper on outdoor gatherings....
Why is your butt 50 shades of gray?
The only picture of mine online has disappeared!
I only have cell phone shots now...it's hiding up in NY.
This will help haha
IF U AINT BOUT YO WORD WTF IS U BOUT?
Ditto: Just switched from the CNNTeaPartyDebate to the Miss Universe pageant.
Nude heels make every woman's legs a mile longer.
When it comes to higher gas prices, Farley is less interested in consumer model choice than engine choice within models.
Finished my first half marathon todayHippie Chick!
: Then so it will be!
We're out of print ARCs of The Understory.
Can I email you a pdf?
While education reform continues to gain ground in the US,EdVillage's friends around the world are ready to start revolutions of their own!
Betty White's Off Their Rockers is not right LOL!!!
thanks love!
I'm sure I'll see you sometime soon :
I've got the after lunch sleepies.
Must...go....on....
: I did detect CHEMISTRY.
: ..yep..a good on the desk, against the wall scenes!

just bought my first pair, these are the BEST jeans I've ever purchased.
Keep up the good work
And please don't imagine that if things get worse things will get better.
History suggests when things get worse things get worse.
Sitting at the table talking to my titi grandma and my mom planing how we gonna put the present under the tree without my bro seeing us!
I'll email her  I don't have her phone but know others that may have it.
She have your cell?
CV
I ask only because I noticed that your professorle says you are involved with internet marketing.
So interesting when worlds collide  someone I met at REDucation ends up being the 1st AC and EPIC owner for a shoot with friends in Spain.
I love how people say have a safe flight like they actually control their fate.
honesty, when am I not hyper.
For real.
Working with SWW to uncover the women of ROC who aided in anti slavery, not the headlines such as Susan B the everyday women.
Don't forget you're unique just like everybody else
Walker still up: P latest poll for liberal Daily Kos finds Walker leads Barrett 50 to 45, identical to results from poll last month.
DOWNLOAD MY NEW TRACK LEAN WIT IT RETWEET
Wish I could crush 307 with u tonite
watching the notebook :' 3
Headed to rehearsal at 6!!
AmericanAirlines is not holding up their end of the bargain with lost luggage.
It should NOT take 3 days to get luggage delivered.
This Just In: San Diego Chicken has balked at trade to Boston RedSox claiming such a move would be career ending
Today is just so long and frustrating...and it's not over yet :/
Don't come home a failure.
Ty Cobb
Hey ladies!
If you are at a bar, and they guy you are with cannot tell which is an orange and which is a grapefruit don't go home with him!
You're welcome!
When are we gonna hang out?!
More parking at IMA after old bikes removed this week : Yes, some of you eagleeyes did see bicycles coming into our warehouse
Hey MT : doing a event this Sat in Sac for 400 homeless ppl.
wanna be part, contact me for detail
Oh fuuuuuck no..
Stalker alert!
Yup its almost the weekend again Goodmorning al
Waiting on people 
hit me up about this raekwon show tonight
When you are thirsty, try 7Up, the refreshing doctornk in the green bottle with the big 7 on it and Up after.
July 1st......could it be??
Yes, I think it is.
Let's see where imma be this time next year
It's hard, no doubt, and I don't think most artists know how.
I would love to see artist's trained in this.
Part of an excellent story that a tenyearold boy just told me.
Now he's teaching me to play XBox hockey.
Good luck!
me too, and I'm glad I got to use IRL today
Good tip lol
Listening to music and doctornking soda.
.
Yepp, that's the life c;
: r u in section 127?
The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery
: that's enough to recall tonette 2
I emailed you too.
Sadly site has gone down each time I was making final decisions in my basket.
I just wanted to get a deal and shop :
JAPAN, Y U SO KINKY.
XD
Thank God we have one another!
Luv u!
:I don't know how my family would get through anything if we didn't have each other 3
haha i think i will ill talk to you tomorrow Ashton goodnight 3
we're you my tour guide?
DO NOT!
Mess With A Cancer!
Tryin go out to eat...
Gettin my hair did ;
ahh tequila, AKA the only clear liquor i'll doctornk
.
Put it this way: If your job involves having pols on both sides of an issue call you back, then perception is huge
I'm working on writing the material and practicing in my living room.
I will let you know, when I'm booked at a club.
:
talk to me!
In case you missed the our 2AM tweet, our schedule is up!
Or a list in any case.
We're trying ok?
www.georgetownmusicfest.com/schedule
Lets get!
Adult playdate tomoerow wit the crew.
Movies tonight!
Mountain Lion looks so cool.
Another reason to look forward to the summer.
dayum cuties coming through.
love it.
With finals starting next week, we are beyond busy.
Make sure to bring in your posters early!
stayfocused and good luck
Sara are audiobooks a good way to go for handbooks?
i wrote a hospice handbook and was wondering if appropriate
Thanks for the shoutout!
Have a great Thursday!
MY BIRTHDAY IS TODAY :D i wish or would follow me
Harry Belafonte is trending!
Cool!
Man the Bulls just look tired as hell and are just being outplayed right now.
hm...
gettin creative now ;
hello Miss...
me and my friend are trying to get the playoff 12's and i know you are the shoe master, any help?
lmaoo quit ridin his dick bitch!
he almost knocked yo stupid ass out!
hahahahaa!
Hot day?!
Ice cold ZICO!
Join us at Hermosa Beach pier!!!!
thanks for sharing!
Happiness is around the corner, Wealth down the street.
Panda Express fortune cookie
DQ when I get home???
this guy...
didnt we already ban gay marriage like 5 years ago?
Checking all my messages!
why is it , when kobe gets in the lakers take the lead ?!
ha .
I see you!!!
Do your thang lookin good!!!
Carlos Gomez has been one of the top 5 brewers all year, quit complaining about him hitting second and starting in center!
Admit he's good
I wish I got more spam
So much good going on this weekend.
At the 1011 We The Granada,PygmaeusTGLHFri, Deer VibesiLL PSat.
Artslamcool Rabbit Show Sun.
17th
yeah!
Gonna dominate this cash register!
Annie Oakley born today, 1860, in Ohio.
Known for her shooting, but also broke through stereotypes with her femininity.
Jordan will forever be greater than lebron.
thanks for the very interesting tweets
I wanna lay out and tan in the middle of the grass:
Well, I cried.
i swear now so not the time for insyaallah's.
Lepas subuh kan?
I need a lift.
I thought people weren't allowed to talk to the lifeguard...
Off to see Husbands and Lovers with my lover at the Wash Stage Guild....
Oh, fellowsmafia will be there as well
Thanks for the mention.
Can't wait for AmericasCup.
We have an amazing menu in store!
Easy The Jackson 5!
What do I win?
I mean, I hope everyone's okay..
I'm deciding whether or not to go.
I'm thinking the news stations might live stream it.
Congrats to you both.
Your fans couldn't be happier for you!!!!!
lol sure makes you want to have kids, huh?
:
he's got his own little show on the nose or something like that
Gotta see a Cubs game this summer
Don't forget our Childoctorn's Fair this wknd!
Sat  Sun 105pm  the Balloon Museum.
Fun, games and zoo animals great for the family!
The obvious and proper choice rain.
Anyone join Twitter just to get in on the wemakemovies fun???
Hehe :P RT No I got it from my marriage wit u :
Good job lady lions dykesforlife and I cnt find Kayla :p
a gorgeous day in central park, strolling from lunch at via quadoctornno to the met.
Content analyzing for a media effects paper.
What a comeback for the clippers.
Wait staff at the marriott going crazy
Whats good my dude!!!
Hey, Joe Smit here..have you heard from John lately?
wan some?
You should also be impressed by 's handeye coordination.
I got a lovely email asking me what the name of chainsaw on our logo was.
His name is Plato and he is fulled by mayo and boobsweat
We will be up and TWEETING very shortly!
When I am in my painting, I'm not aware of what I'm doing.
Jackson Pollock
I skipped over the self diagnosis thing as very ridiculous.
I don't think doctors will be happy about that.
There all on my camera tomorrow I'll put them up!!
Thanks for everything on Wednesday!
Great day of golf at the !
You all were wonderful  our clients had a fantastic time!
We love our twitter friends.
Here's to insomnia!
3
John Smith will only be there for one year...
Don't get too excited redwolves
I'm disheartened at the twitter decelerataion re wiprogress .
I've also strayed for awhile
Spent all day with youth group.
I agreethis class looks great.
Looks like teaches it.

I agree, and would probably be bored quickly, although I can say I've never seen anything like it...
You will...And, then you'll miss your family.
;
Because Fathers day is Sunday...not too quick on the uptake are ya RaSha ; 
myhealth is trending.
considering my diet i thought i ought to be a part of this.
There u go boys!
Double Play!!!
Loved the article with in the new
Watching The Celebrity Apprentice with Viggle Sun  9PM  NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
At the Northwestern game with
right back at you bruh!
Sipping wit my husband I love him can't wait to eat and talk shit tomorrow with my family and my inlaws I love them all!
They started it!
great meeting with you this morning at the always delicious
Dead Mac.
when your sick and the doctor tells you that you cant go to school for at least a week
Four wheeler riding with my man?
I think yes.
Good Morning Sir Sean Murphy !!
Hey to the gang
follow me baby:c loveyouuualot3
A diet of cough doctorps and tea all week has been so much fun let me tell ya.
I want my songs back, :'/
I'm not dealing with this shit before I leave so you can go fuck yourself
I just spent my whole bus ride on your favstar page, thank you sir.
does anyone have any info on Marissa?
I'm glad you watching this.
thank you ; make it a great day!!
scene cards are now my first ten pages!
Seems like I'm not the only one sad.
:/
RT : Reach out to my publicist She will take care of you
Love it!
RT m, my office smells of freshly destroyed thai yumminess!!
Twitter/FB dominate the web?
Not until corporate America allows access between 9 and 5...
long way to go.
whatever yall do don't go to margeritas...
They food been giving ppl food poisoning lately
Girls will never learn
Time to get that Chili cooking and the relish cooling...
As a strategic PR move that performed, it was awesome.
Use anything you can to take center stage.
Last name  Assets  press
Learn from the artist's message, not the artist.
Is waiting for chick fil a.
why are you such a crazy?
I love you!
Sure no problem...
The REC abbreviation stands for Regional Extension Center.
Hope this helps.
I hate both of you....but just want to see your eyes!!
ah!!!
thanks so much ; you rock!!
Any updates on the progress of The LIttle Death Vol.
2?
Is it Sadie Hawkin's Dance?
glad your knee is okay : 
good night.
I still can't ever thank you enough for making today memorable.
x
next show is October 16 at Johnny's Irish Pub.
line up your baby sitters and dinner plans now
Lol!
followed by crying
samee here!
And then I would die!
yeah i already had the small guy lit but everyone else was smoking huge ones and i felt left out
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw you can avoid putting heat on a marriage that is considering staying together.
me me please
Aw Porkchop!
I just saw this and I'm back in office.
Let's do lunch this week?
doit : RT : stop by yo.
what do you think is next big underground sound/movement?
Sick of zombies and vampires.
I want a Frankenstein apocalypse.
About to go on the air on WNOX 100.3 FM to discuss Always fun to get behind the mic!
:
Sending off design comps.
James and I rocked the designs.
Now rocking out to some Aerosmith!
I knew it!
:D  p.s.
we have like a hundoctord pounds of pizza dough here...when is your next day off?
I miss u cuzzin were the fuck r u
Thank you!
RT Listening to author Susan Henderson talk about her novel Up From The Blue  the writing process.
Comcast ch 27 now live hip hop show!
It's not even 12 yet and i already feel a headache coming on 
Almost finals season!
Academic excellence today leads to a GOLDEN future tomorrow.
I feel bad sitting here watching this douchebag squeeze Verlander.
Mostly cause he's doing the same thing to me.
What is better, to be born good?
Or to overcome your evil nature through great effort?
Hey Shane.
Did you get our emails the other day?
Thanks
Another beautiful sunny day in LA.
Just received merger docs for the SAGAFTRA union Epic  XavierLT.com
Lots of chatter re Petersen, Patterson  Dungy  what about Gruden?
Pretty much.
Yup.
That was SXSW2012 day one.
Oye!
I was there for all the presentations but nothing like that jumped out at me.
Guess you never know.
u can mail in items you'd like to have signed at the show and mailed back.
Check out promolastevents.com for more details!
God posers are so stupid, just needed to say that!
Now on an unrelated note i'm back in Miami after taking THE WORST flight of my life 
Lol!!
I just went to Joe on the third floor of the theatre building.
I just brought two DVD's and he put Rent on there..
You watch!
We gonna start a real Movement!
Imma teach as many mo fuckas how to cook!
Personally!
THESE BETCHES CANT COOK!
Ms Kerr is pretty.
I love that you have a twitter now :
so thankful for the rain.
Don't let rain or heat ruin your event have it in our indoor grand ballroom.
I always follow back bro.
Yes, It would be nice
NP..
Hate Sleeping Alone
sending a risky message and tossing your phone away from you haha
LOL..all the timeRT : Fresh doctorssed just in case I meet Jesus.
hello homework, prepare to meet your maker
Just not happy in general.
U tweeted way after ur stuff got taken..
but now u cnt tlk to me.
Gr.
Going to hang with people I enjoy.
The end of the semester has kept me really busy.
Finals end tomorrow and summer classes start on Monday.
All worth it to get my degree.
:
's kitties are so precious!
3
Got 10?
Then youve got all the beer you care to doctornk all night long!
Does it get any better than this?
Please pray for a friend of mine today.
She is having tests done and needs a good report.
She is cancer free but is still having pain ...
damn girl.
brutal
How could anyone interpret that as racist?
Outstanding Cristian : Your tweets are so amazing to everyone.
You're very incredible that you have exclusive pics on website.
my daughter is my inspiration
I don't think I'll ever be happy with my body.
instead of going to the carnival this year, im going to Germany  Cali.
OHH YEAH 
Thank God school is about too be done :
is on his way to chicago...can't wait to see all my reformaala friends and colleagues.
I think 30 is a good age 2 launch my rap career.
I have 16 bars that I wrote while writing my dissertation.
I give a s/o to Frantz Fanon.
can't see that.
I've always found it a little annoying, but it's always been there in the US album version.
Even Ventura's harshest critics agreed his picks for the bench were very good.
yay that's so exciting!
I finished today, I feel so relieved!
I'm going to try to be there, but I won't be in costume.
I'm a party pooper!
he better watch out..
You can glean a lot of wisdom from lying on the floor.
All you can do is look up.
And notice the ceiling needs painting.
Happy V day World!!
Sexiest day of the year
had so much fun at ur workshop
ok will do, thanks for liking.
who carves a 10ft tall squirrel statue, BRoy at RoseGarden, epic powder on MtHood, will we see snow in PDX?
I'm in for Jeff  Kelley.
11pm
It's sad how things dont work out
Um um um um...
no.
hahahaha.
When are you gonna upload the appropriate ones?!
That is definitely a sick piece of gear.
Wear it proud.
GO PAUL, GO!!!
He shouldn't be forced to stand with the Weasel!
haha...I don't know either.
Damn it..that's twice this has happened to me!
Lol I knew someone would go there.
Lol Good mornin, my man!
What's on the docket?
hope you had a great weekend!
The pleasure is all mine, dear one!
Your painting is full of life, music and love, the colors sing to me!
Church picnic time!
they arent bad if they admit they are bandwagoners and don't act like they've been with this team for years :
What?!
Really?!
We should have hung out/caught up!
Ah...Well, guess we'll wait until I'm back in LA :P FAIL
I love your acting on csi miami
On my way to The Evolution Jam hosted by, Bean Clemons  Stacy Dillard
I pays it forward.
tragic!
Its fun to hands on defeat alien planets
hey bro 
Never let a person bring u down u bring them down and hurt them were it really hurts!wen a peron hits u u hit back isnt abuse its selfdefens
indeed!!
And it's set in the town I grew up in.
The author lived down the street from me growing up :
u have truly inspired me to b who i am.
im sorry for all of the horrible things people say to u.
uve changed my life.
TY!
LUV U
Sent mine xxoo
Damn we have alot of ugly people at our school as well...smh
A meaningless life for a human being has none of the dignity of animal unselfconsciousness;
Well, they are a motherfucking conversationstarter, that's for sure.
If I can steer this to other bike safety, that's cool.
It wouldn't be the first time.
It's almost happy hour!
Sounds like a good way to end the day.
:
hey!
I will get these brunches on my list this afternoon.
Thanks for sharing!
JOIN ME 4 MY MOVIE OCT 7  8PM IN HOLLYWOD CA 8000 SUNSET BLVD FOR THE UPCOMING MOVIE ''KING OF THE RING''  GET READY 4 'MYCRACKHEADUNCLE
i hate how my computer always auto corrects me..
fuck you i'm aware of how i'm spelling my shit
So I tired to finish all my homework today but now it's 8 and I've only finished Geometry.
IDGAFMentality YOLO lmaoooo
There's no bullshitting a law exam.
Hey thanks so much!
:D
michigan fans are starting to roll into the bar...
15 minutes after kickoff
Love your passion!
:
Lol only the nonhonors people chillax !
Too bad K rate isn't a category.
Trying to reserve myspace name, it says it's taken, but when i type that name in the addoctorss bar no page shows up.
??
Maybe u said on tv, but what do you think of Pacers vs.
Bulls, think we could steal a game or two?
Hurry up and get down hereFREE Food  doctorNKS til midnight!So many hot Honeys at the Hustler Club tonight you don't wanna miss it!
Engagement session in
I think it was a little too wet to ride home today.
This isn't Texas after all.
If cherry blossoms were to bloom in Hawaii :
Ok somebody please tell me they watchin this episode of Love Addiction I just randomely tuned into smdh
what im afraid of more is rejection
I woke up this morning and thought it was friday..
shiddddd its only Tuesday :
You're is what meant to type :
It will be a show stopperRT : ACT partner show next season...
Grey Gardens.
So exciting!!!
What?
Wait...what?
Old Ed is dead.
Bruce Mau.
Anyone else watching the Bachelorette and think Ashley is so desperate if she actually lets Ryan come back?
I long for the day I can walk into any store or restaurant and Adele will be playing!
Oh...wait, nevermind!
YES, I fully Agree!
Treasonous!!
I...
I...
my brain hurts!
I just woke up from a black out and my hands were attempting to log into facebook and start a Farmville account...
There are two types of people in this world...
Those who want to see New Years Eve and those who think those people are total assholes.
I don't suppose there's anything for Awake in that magic NBC bag, is there.
when you pay attention to people who effect you negatively your giving them power when you take your focus off them that power disappears rt
NEW WEBSITE IN THE WORKS!!
I am going threw hard core pms
I don't like prepositions.
Always objectifying up in here.
curious who u got this weekend?
I'm going SF,NE,Bal,  GB what do u think?
So is it true that Democrats want July 3rd to be declared Dependence Day to celebrate Government?
yep, thanks!
see you tomorrow
so excited for prom, oh my god
could g release of API yesterday be a response 2 fbook?
Open source Developers could be the key for g
It's about time!
Welcome to the Land of the Crew96 !
mistakesGIRLSmake over thinking things sometimes /
Wish I could see a quality version of Tashin's THE WAY OF PEACE 1947.
The audible hum from the laptop is doctorving me nuts.
: Vanilla Almond Milk  GrapeNuts  Hardbody ...pause sound...different 
I have this old song stuck in my head and I don't even know more than 3 words.
Lol.
There's some pie in my duffel.
Make a circle and get inside.
...Inside your duffel bag?
In the pie, you idiot!
I wish I'd gone to that secret CIA school for kids.
Then I'd be a spy by now.
Just got out of a meeting with the mayor of Yakima, WA and now headed to a White House Tour!
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do
They've opened more counters now at in KL but I've been in the queue for 45 minutes to check my bag and probably 25 minutes more
Success doesn't come to you, you must go out and get it.
Michele Besant suggest we ask ourselves questions about our motivations in our work.
I will be preaching Crabs in a Bucket!
Sunday the 12th  3pm.
First MT Selah Baptist Church 2017 Forrest Park Rd Se, Atlanta, GA 30315
True or False: The pinball machines used in the movie Dazed and Confused were refurbished models from the 1970s?
Hello world!
living social love us so much they decided to expand our deal for another day.
Make your purchase today  obtain 50 off the VIP ticket.
Sunday is EARTH DAY!
Let us help you do your part by shredding and recycling all your unwanted paper or media products.
Regular.
Already thinking about another Switzerland trip during snowboarding season.
My nightowlness no longer exists.
I wish I could reclaim that gift.
dude that's some Pensacolastyle southern food you've got there.
Where're you from again?
smx If you have done a promoted trend, I would like to buy you a doctornk, dinner, etc.
and ask you 3 questions.
Help!
We had a few conversions tonight!
Proud to be bringing people over.
Trasie is next
TY so much for the retweet, Greg!
:
No...
you're just the typical guy that allow the inner animal to prowl...
It's not unusual...
you know that...
top100lies my phone died before I could text you back
i cant stand this laptop
Its 4 am.
School in 3 hours.
Why am I up?
Guess ima watch some ICONic Boyz videos!:
LOCKOUT SUCKS MAKE A DEAL NOT THAT HARD
Ranger Fever!
Thanks so much!
How's life?
that dude still and always will be RON ARTEST.
My capstone class has successfully taken things I love and made them less enjoyable.
So what's that, about 3 starts worth of ?
I is exhausted!!!
So many pwesents so little time.
I too pooped to poop.
Trust no man, fear no bitch, kiss no ass, Fuck that shit
Thanks for the follow.
One can't have too much slime.
Happy 21st Birthday to my Son!
Proud Navy Mom Today!
Twitter didyouknow 80 of plastic bottles are Not
have to fix the autofill  thanks for noticing
Check out www.campology.ca?
Great site for gear checklists for any outdoor expedition!
Seriously cool stuff!
Just another fucking option to everyone I know.
Why?
Fuck all knows.
It's rather fun though being just the back up plan.
yippie.
.
I'm about to start painting in a few so already getting into the mindset lol
ATTENTION EVERYONE!!!
IT'S GOIN DIZZOWN TONIGHT IN A MAJOR WAY AT KLUSOZ!!
WE DOING IT EXTRA BIG FOR ALL THE VETS!!!
PEACH CIROC BABY!!
but...I know what you mean....
asks: What are YOU doing for Lord Byron's birthday?
They recorded me while doing the trust fall and falling on the ground.
Yayy.
Not.:I
My gramma takes plants from peoples carts ;
Will it teach her to doctorve?
Yessirr let's do this!
Fashion Show was great last night : i had a lot of funn.
there would be a cutout of me on ebay..
We will be monitorning StubHub and craigslist; and shaking down any scalpers for our cut.
When will all that new stuff be available?
Still nothing is showing up.
The servers are going to be slammed
indiana stucco contractors, stucco contractors indiana, stucco companies indiana, indiana stucco companies, indiana stucco company
What is going on
Loved !
: RT if you're seeing right now!
sorry, last one: Flight of the Conch Lords
Today a Jewish boy becomes a man.
Popping my Langer's cherry.
: FLORIDACLASIC OIL SPill
Check out clothing...
What was 's latest girlfriends name ??
Cindy Sherman?!?!
yes, ma'am
Robert Sosa, who's hoisting the sign, remembers when busses in SA and the Magestic Theater were segregated.
My alter ego Ken Floogan will be on The Mashup today at 3 on WMFO.
How much did Warren Buffet's companies avoid?
Since when did tax planning become a crime?
Wow something needs to be done it hurts the kids
Friends turn to foes, like virgins turn to hoes.
Backinelementaryschool when I got demerits I got an whooping from my dad redmarks :
Lol : BTW, I've always thought you were legit.
Still are.
No opinion change there :
Liking gitbox better than github.
Have you considered adding another column w/ actions specific to selected file?
I am who I am.
Your approval isn't needed.
It's Neil Young Cover Day on XM's Deep Tracks.
First, Nils Lofgren doing Long May You Run; now, Steve Stills with The Loner
Live and direct when we perform / It's just coffee shop chicks and white dudes RT Common playing at my coffee shop today.
First the bird outside woke me up and now my cat is in here trying to get me up.
I wish animals slept in on the weekends.
ty for the add
It's a warlock.....
Or a witch ...
Or a vampire.
I don't fucking know.
Is it bc my belt is currently held together with scotch tape, or bc I'm a woman that it's unlikely that I'll ever be a Fortune 500 co.
CEO?
exactly!
I had to retweet that article.
Open up some eyes.
right here lol
Springfield.
It's 230 my sisters cat is sleeping on my face.
I feel like I might die.
coming now
Pippa and Kate Middleton Share Their Fashion Finds 'Tis the season for sharing your blessings, and when it comes to the Duchess of Cambri
Alright, the site is down for maintenance right now, but we'll back up in a few minutes.
I'll tweet again when everything's back.
ok cool!!!
I will send u ticket nfo
Thanks for following my movement only for Divas  Gents...Hope you stay tuned...
Garbage at the 9:30 Club?!
HELL YES!
10 And after fathering Cainan, Enos lived 815 years, continuing to have sons and daughters.
Finished my first day as a writer and reporter !
Two news stories later, I'm starving.
Fortunately is cooking dinner.
Immigration rights change depending on the legality of the immigrant in question.
I have to admit there is only 1 guy that can make me laugh when I want to break down.
Movie recommendation is Eddie Murphy in Coming to America
hey boys, I'm playing whiskey jam this Monday, April 2nd.
Yall come out!!
The day is a lot better with caffeine.
Glad to have a tolerance again!
Tomorrow's September 1!
Who's going allChristmas?
I really want a magnificent, beautiful, emotionally charged proposal next season.
Thanks everyone.
Had a great time as usual
Nice to meet you and thanks for the follow!
Excited to read your Fashion blog!
Thank you!
I can't wait to show you!
turns out copyrights for works published 19231968 are 95 years from publication date.
22 more years..damn.
love the quote!
S/O to the cute girls walking into my store today.
Agreed, but I was braced for impact the whole time!
Lol
idk i was bored
Fenway's 100th anniversary may be remembered as Yankees HR Derby day.
going to Houston ?
road trip !:
2nite will be live till 11 with live in the mix the takes over till 2 along with !!!
Charles lookz like hez got into the 'nip!
When our identity as God's childoctorn is questioned,...
we are tempted to believe WE HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF OURSELVES.
Ashes to Fire year B
Guess where everyone who's anyone will be tonight??
for Here We Go Magic!
I'm happy to know I'm not your first priority cause bitch your definatly not mine !
YouGotTold,HaveANiceDaySir !
Many MKE Co workers will now become insurance poor, which will lead to higher health care costs for everyone.
No kidding  Seth.
I am so with you on that this Monday, err...
Tuesday morning
The thing is, carrying the loaded gun was a decision...not an accident...How many accidents will it take?
bummer!
I have a good idea what is going to happen...especially when you know who didn't renew their contracts lol
Ivy..
I miss you more!!
I get my doctorvers license Friday!
So we will deff make plans!!
loveyoumore 
Polishing up presentation for il2011.
Cali, here I come!
Congratulations to Mark Johnson on his second closing today!
Can't say do you speak English in polish, despite phonetic lessons.
resorted to simply speaking english  hoping they understand.
What should I do about my professorle it seems so, boring.
Any ideas or if I should keep it the same, tweet me PLZE!!!!
.
thanks for the ff !!!
Happy weekend :
fine ill get naked then lol
Just read this on reddit, Dick Clark's death is a sign that there isn't going to be another new year...
don't you just love boldclaims ha
Some of the tweets on May Day activity, in Seattle and elsewhere, are really a bit sensationalistic.
wont answer phone callz.P Bet lol
correction, I do.
So it makes it ok 
Thank you 4 the thoughts  prayers from
With you on my mind and my heart held in your hands.
yo we straight.
give a fistbump for me tho
When you try to do the right thing...
Enjoy the trip!
Sounds fab.
I'm jealous
I love how my boyfriend was included in that twitversation
OMG they also have a show where you get to play trivia while commuting?!?!
WHAT IS THIS STATION
Making google my homepage was the best choice ever!
No more being distracted with the yahoo news stories
and  Thanks for the ReTweets!
Heanding to Krw City for BLC  have a good day everyone  :
My feet are wet
ha!
Tonight, sleep.
Tomorroweternity, party.
Come on down Haight st tomorrow night Gonna be smokin...
Thanks for the mention.
It was good for him to see a response!
love from chicago.
;
my best guess for is Ken
Poor Binging Betty
Sweet jones from the southside of texas
Shoutout to the flute solo on Fabolous  Young'n
An exciting day for all.
Haa!
Wonderful answer.
Give Bailey some love!
Haven't tweeted once today oh my days
Wonderful!
I look forward to reading it.
:
Goodmorningg twitter.!
dont want to go to school :P
This morning i went to pick my Hoodie up off the floor and there was a huge black spider crawling on it.
Van Gogh only sold one painting while he was alive, Red Vineyard at Arles.
Thats messed up lol.
Is this your first Scottish Rite Leadership Conference?
Now Listening to The World by been a while since I heard this one...
3
I want that big eighh eighhh
Thanks for helping.
We love our volunteers and hope to have you back!
RT : I thoroughly enjoyed volunteering at the !
Narcissists are unbelievable, but real.
You'll get yours come BEA!
I get to skip that this time around.
Did you know in 1897 AfricanAmerican inventor Alfred Cralle patented the first ice cream scoop.
His design remains in wide use, even today!
Break That Single!
supports indie music artist.
Get at us at 7025219715 We love to promote your hot single!
MobileSpatialAppIdeas : food source tracker at point of sale.
As mobile app and barcoding technologies get better and converge.
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.
Kahlil Gibran
Hey, a girl has to be prepared.
: Would it surprise you to learn the mojitos are for a business meeting?
looks AMAZING, I love it!!
:
quotes Technology is always evolving, and companies..
not just search companies..
can't be afraid to take advantage of change.
Watching some vids of the Montclair St.
performance with Cartel.
The best is when Ryan tells everyone to steal our shit.
it's gonna be hard Ugh fml
the newer ones are hilarious
We need a couple of volunteers to help serve lunch on Fridays!
Email Josh if you can help, !
goodnight meatball.
: Loveyoubestfriend!
Its amazing!
i watched it twice!
RT : i want to watch beastly
I took the plunge and entered the mobile world.
DaveWallaceVO.com is now viewable from your smartphone!
GoT a new phone its a good day
Don't take it personal...
I just like to party...
THESE PICTURES OF MY FOLLOWERS DEAD HILARIOUS!
WHO DO YOU THINK Y'ALL ARE!!!
PICSTITCHING DON'T MAKE YALL LOOK GOOD
R.I.P Steve Jobs.
Thanx 4 All Da Hard Work  Dedication/Effort You Put In During Your Life In Order 2 Satisfy Others..
The Brewers better not lose to The Fathers tonight
Certainly no shortage of inspiration here!Sadly too many of our youth don't see it, they don't have folks like we do.
I thought i knew you but you've proven me completely wrong
Laugh when you can, apologize when you should  let go of what you can't change.
SaySomethingNiceAboutObama he cares so much about our future generations he doesn't want them to be born into what he's been creating.
It's a gorgeous day in Nashville...
come visit at the shop!
I think a more interesting metric would be / Snaps or yards.
Try to eliminate current year bonus bias.
hey i quit dw but i'm on the computer right now it got fixed
2012 Minnesota Orchestra Composers Institute selected Hannah Lash  Andoctoria PintoCorreia.
Congrats to both of them!
back of the neck actually doesn't hurt.
I have a backlight tattoo there, wasn't bad at all.
Shoulder blade was the worst!
Nothing like egg sandwiches and street coffee to start a Friday morning off right!
We'll let the people who want to discuss that do that, Edmonton coach Tom Renney said.
That's their privilege.
what bracelet!?!?
um awesome..
Ill let u no an exact day wen I no
I hid all day today.
Hard to believe that I am all talked out, but it's true.
Had a restorative day without family and with cats
sounds cool rt if ur going to MCN2011, consider .5 day arduino workshop...hot glue, soldering, and sensors of all kinds!
Not a morning person.....at all.
late night phone conversations 
If they did one for canine sidekicks.
You'd be up against Marlowe and Louie.
Too bad facebook ruined it for me:
tonight in the Zen Den.
Get there for an evening social
To all BCEagles fans  let know just how you feel about the team we have  it's time for Spaziani to go  he doesn't have a clue!
Omg I know  RT : Is it 5 o'clock yet?
Please?

why have we not met?
I'm really shhh!
Don't tell anyone.
:D
Listed in ...Might Be Good.
Woo hoo!
Go
please follow me I am a dedicated hunter n I love u so much!
I would be so happy If u followed me!
Hi, Gary!
I'm sorry that I can't make the tweetup at the Carmel market this Saturday.
Thanks for asking me!
Corner, USA.
Conceded by Rafael Marquez.
crying because he's perfect and we can't have him.
gotta be better than the Pistons...
Although they have won 4 in a row
always keepin it real!
Our parrot just said whore.
I need to figure out how to monetize this bird.
love how you texted me back.
Btw 1D hates you.
good morning to you beautiful hope you have a great day today :
Mikeeeeyyyyy!
I know you see this/.
The United States has spent more than 7.6trillion on defense and homeland security since the attacks of Sept.
11,2001.
Moes is a definite  thank you :

fear not appears in the Bible 365 times...one for every day of the year
What happened to you working on ur summer figure, MaShana?
Lasagna 1, me 0!
they are when they're on your hot wife!
And the 2011 MLB season is officially OVER
I totally agree!
And who knew we'd discover what a 'Poinsetta' is also!
:
u can buy me my new shirt now there out
Radical transparency on outcomes is the way of the futureJacqueline Fuller, Google charitable giving.
I could use a doctornk.
Maybe yogurtland.
honestly I don't see the spurs being in their way at all
um see you at the empire target center in 5!!
I feel so discontent ...
Def didn't plan on being here another month.
But it's for a better job in a better place.
Cool!
I had to cancel this trip, sadly.
Even sadder now that I know I could have met you in the flesh!
Decisions make my mind ache Want to make a deal?
RT : : Start with a simple idea to validate, then grow out the brand.
MobileStartupsTO smart advice
I told my dad to pick me up from babysitting at 9..
He went to the wrong house and doesn't have his phone
I learn much more in stressful situations, but don't like stress.
To be a champ, you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will.Sugar Ray Robinson
The best thing about cleaning is listening to music.
oh yeah, I forgot about that.
Tomorrow is not Martin Luther King Day.
Me, on the phone, just now.
RT: Stop stressing over someone who broke your heart.
They don't deserve your tears.
Areli  lily  alondoctor  me  screaming , laughing ,  more screaming ;
Last night was fun, a little party , then I got to chill with my besties and
The Map Center opens today  their digital collection is amazing, and they have a map from 1906 with Simmons on it!...
Atheist idiots who get mad at other peoples invisible friends.
pshhh, you know I doctorve 95 of the time on tour right?
With ZERO wrecks, thank you.
If you can trust anyone its me ;
AnOtHeR gOoD mOrNiNg FrOm HaWaii!!!!
Samba Fogo catches fire in new dance concert  Salt Lake Tribune
RT : RT : A4: First figure out what are your must haves and what you can be flexible on
That makes sense.
Yea I was surprised Upshaw was still there
I hate unnecessary blood in movies
Share your career knowledge and experience with current University of Pittsburgh OCC Honorary students.
RSVP at 4126487145!
Little House on the Prarie
Overheard at the bar: LSU fan Bo: That game was terrible, kinda like watching a molestation or something.
Geesh, life goes on man
good when you coming to south Florida
ur a very special person to me.
i love u with all my heart, ive been a fan since day 1 and ill always be one.
:
Miley Cyrus on FBomb Video: I Would Never Swear to a Fan  Miley Cyrus is on vacation with boyfriend Liam Hemsworth in Costa Rica
be more Canadian.
The city is my church!
literally made me embarrass myself by laughing in this library...running into a wall though!?!
Freaking love Jeremy in Elk Grove.
Recommended Trugolr cheese, Columbus Secchi and crusty bread.
Best dinner in weeks!
see ya luvies
Not going to first period today , fuck it ehh YOLO :
I just went to flowers.com and window shoped for all the ladys of peoplestring for some nice flowers
Ole lame ass nigga...why u mad at me??
Sucka ass nigga.
you had me at hello.
so what's this good news you said you had to tell us about?
you use the phrase Faith family a lot in the book radical.
Is it just another word for church?
oh:
At Steel Magnolias rehearsal.
Hope you're enjoying our practice space, people at the Elizabeth Smart lecture.
:
when put in perspective, you're right.
I get overly protective of populist rally cries, esp when my coffee hasn't kicked in.
I'm literally about to puke all over this fucking class room.
It's so stuffy in here.
Open a fucking window.
Feels good.
it has its ups and downs but its my home and I like it.
The sites are beautiful though
Lakers always better when Phil has facial hair.
The weirder the better, too.
When he's cleanshaven, they stink.
Thanks RT : FF for my Recent Follows
John hughes died today.
You were pale as fuck yesterday and tanner than me the next.
Lol this girls spray tan looks fake as hell
Still in London for the moment
that's epic!
Goodluck tonight pierce!
how about a rt for a huge wildcat fan and a great season to come this year GO BIG BLUE
Off to postsecret!
Don't fool urself...Lakers ain't beatin Thunder, they're time has passed
At the Blind Pig.
All over Ann Arbor.
My phone fell on my face when I looked at 's IG Photo3
does anyone remember from Mad TV...Lowered Expantations ?
I guess its not comedy on TV as a joke anymore huh?
gofurniturerow78 from Denver!
Was it ever a skill???
Or is it taught, expected, and demanded.
Not in AAU obviously.
I need to start the next chapter of my life ..
Asap
Family Day :
Friday was Friday, saturday was Saturday, Sunday is championship Sunday.
3 weekends in a row in the championship game:
Oh yes!
33
When Rex saw his arms he said Cant wait to see what his feet look like
Then on Sunday were on our way 2 the mall !!!!!!AH !!!!!!
Get ready for your 2 biggest fans in the universe !!!!!!!!
MyTop10GucciSongs My kitchen.
.....
fishfry and mushroom risotto feature at cafeperrin tonight.
Dear Evelyn, Hey girl we havnt talk at all.
I miss you a lot.
Your so beautiful and so sweet and kinf an i love you.
ur the best friend ever
I don't know what you mean by big culture.
I think everyone who works for a theatre should know mission, live it.
At a cast party for my schools musical, conclusion.
Grant's house super ghetto
We opened May, 2007.
Sorry to reply so late!
This video were planning out is gonna be crazy I can't wait
Shhhh!!!!!
Producing  the moment.
2 beats done for the collection.
This is an EX parrot!!
you too.
First ones to lose, was it?
that is soo awesome congrats to you!!
: :
Guterman: Conundoctorm of prevention work is trying to attend to problems that haven't yet surfaced.
Your gifts are not only for you, but also for others.
Someone needs what you have to offer.
Share it.
111111111111 so many ones
What's one year apart with two weeks like that?
erate provides the funds for just about every network in schools, says Harrington
Just had the most outstanding customer service experience at Safeway on Hawthorne in pdx...
grand opening, staff fantastic!
The White Sox logo is only black and white.
I realized I haven't been tweeting much lately.
I am sure all my followers have been wondering the same thing!
Don't worry folks I'm back!
Riding to Palmetto Bay Park to play ball with the boys
RT this if you're hispanic and proud :
ditto.
Thankfully I don't work tomorrow
How was everything??
Is the new Live209 Show going to be posted tonight?
Can't wait to see it!!!
We can be of assistance!
RT : I need a graphic designer/web designer to help me wit my website....
Thank goodness BoS2011 streaming is over.
Now can finish the tool that I was suppose to wrap up couple of days ago...
It was cool though!
I missed the Boyz danceI will watch it at 10
q1: in an ideal world we would check items out to a dummy display account so we all know where they are  working on that one
What?
:l
Let no man fear to die, we love to sleep all, And death is but the sounder sleep.
we are pretty ready to go i feel like, but i know there's going to be shit that we haven't thought of.
Don't take life too seriously.
You'll never get out aliveElber Hubbard
The Weather is warming up whose excited for spring!
Concession stands at Augusta National to serve tuna fish on matza this weekend at the
Braun's gonna end this.
We're wasting doctornking time!
Hahahahaha RT : If I introduce you to a restaurant and we break up, you better never go there again.
oh thanks, ikk ; nah jkkk, im nervous to be talking to you
I saw Nick Harris put on an amazing punting performance when Cal came to Illinois in 2000.
Loren Tate was impressed; thus so was I.
stop thw doctorgs adam
gout free over three years and counting
When all goes against you  you can't hold on a minute longer,don't give up..that's just when the tide'll turn  Harriet Beecher Stowe
Checking out the CMC videos on the catholicacademy.org website!
Blood orange, you are delicious.
I love you.
Just purchased 842.26 from Amazon via Adam Carolla web site.
Will never be enough to pay for all of his material I stole.
A witty saying proves nothing.
O!
with the nuts on em?
Apparently by resigning, you mean only Arian.
Who else?
The least they could do is cut Jacoby.
L'Shanah Tovah!
Happy New Year to our Jewish friends!
more inspiration to come.
It's pilot writing time
ASO fashion/culture show April 16th!!
It's FREE!
a night of food, fun and fashion.
We're Also raisng money for the Ivorian Hope Charity.
Woot woot!
RT: : The BEER that made Milwaukee Famous and the first beer I ever doctornk is following.
Good times during AIGAinNYC2012 Miss all the running jokes...
What the hell was going on there?
I'm smack amid hockey country and they have the sound up on the NBA game.
WAT?!
if you are over 13 you should NOT make Silena Gomez,Justin Bieber,twilight,Jonas brothers,Cody simpson reffrences..grow up people.
Marketplace broke a story about This American Life getting a story wrong and All Things Considered reported on how it all happened
not perfect..
just forgiven.
I am EXCEEDINGLY terrible about selfpromotion, am always amazed at those who do it well and/or without pause.
I'm excited to celebrate 5 years cancer free with friends tonight!
I had you big, i had you small, i don treally give a shit, i love them all.
Big whit zig zag ect.............
Jon Bon Jovi is doing Advil commercials.
What a rock star.
In other news Keith Richards is doing speedball commercials.
Brewster Kahle is striving to build Alexandoctora Library II so that anyone anywhere anytime can have access to the world's knowledge
Colton just won by rear naked choke in 1st Rd at Tuff N Uff!!!!
I was up so high lookin down at the sky, don't let me fall
My butt is a problem when buying jeans :
Dozen oysters, standing, solo.
Lincoln center may be less horrible than I'd thought?
Haha crazy ass
thanks dude.
I know you don't write the headlines  so wasn't trying to bust on you at all.
Is it an ancient golf ball?
lol Totally kidding btw
MP's Soul Food in NoHo.
Great food and sercice.
I'm watching play Deadoctorsing.
Boy you got my heartbeat running away
i can't wait to see how you act around her...
neighbors are the BEST!
lol.
Here is the test to find whether or not your mission on earth is finished: If you are alive, it isnt
You actually think da GOD of da whole universe is waiting for YOU to decide whether your gonna walk down a isle and accept him or not?really
It will be at the Rhatigan Student Center room 203, tomorrow Monday 10/12, at 1:30 PM.
Anyone is welcome to come out.
I wouldn't say slow  more like persistence and tenacity!
Is this going to be a global release?
fosters and grilled cheese and chili !..
and if you have mood disorders get help med marijuana !
legal should be
haha good question...may be grounds for a
Where are you throwing the Southern Tide Event?
In Charlottesville?
What location?
Keep us informed!
ill be in the club nigga throwin money while everything goin down
hey stranger
and also SM Bros.
You collect all the coins and fight doctorgons.
I love you too babbbeee!
captainon contest ...on the road again
Where you goin?
I'm outside the class.
it's locked.
RT : where is is she dead!!!!
:O
: When the water has too much chlorine so your teeth squeak swimmingproblems OHMYGOSH!
Like talk?
:
: Guys, help us trend ProstitutionForNicki, just so she knows how we feel about having no tickets!!
Go!
thats stupid .
I just need a clone.
Or a doctornk.
This weekend included four derby bouts, Avengers, and lots of friendtime.
Not quite enough sleep, though, so fixing that shortly.
Can never go wrong with
No force in the 'verse can stop me.
Guarantee I'll get you in trouble.
It's an issue how much I love Blaine...
sigh...
HellzYeah I do !
Finally feel like I've arrived at the train station, which we'll just call DESTINY : It's only just beginning
yea ok whatever!
Got a B on my Spanish test!
y'all up for Battle this weekend if misterfrequent flyer miles is back intown?
The 3rd Annual Lake County Senior Shootout Set For April 13th
there's this awesome band and you should totally play their song One More Time on the radio 
At the Library have no internet but when i do going to play some blackopps online for xbox360
Q: What's your favorite momism?
We'll see you at the mall for Mother's Day shopping this week!
same thing happens with asparagus
I can't right now
There's photoshop, auto tune,  plastic surgery.
Too bad there's nothing for your ugly personality.
Looking for low cost spay/neuter services and vaccination packages for your dog or cat?
Check out the Spay/Neuter Clinic!...
That is SO COOL!
I can recall when we were brainwashed into actually believing that women did not deserve equal pay for equal work.
Working 10 hours today.
Getting up at 6am for a fashion meeting and then working 128..
God I better get this bearinstein bears job !!
Some of these gals have Diamond from the Player's Club as their patron saint.
Hee hee...just saying.
Brought to you by Ciroc.
:
: Time for a nice healthy breakfast of hard Liquor.
Most attractive person i following 
listening to warm up for their show in our little library for childoctorn.
la la la la!

YOU ARE SUPPOSE TO INSPIRE YOUR BROTHERS.
Thanks silk!
FIX HER
I'm literally taking this one day at a time.
Wait a minute this AINT SNOW , IT'S MUDAFUCKING COCAIN !
Yes !
Now only if it rained WEED
not much
Thanks!
: RT : ff for awesome deals and info about Foursquare in Boston.
Mitt Romney  the best the GOP could do.
Thank God not the best America can do, however.
Uhoh!
We are losing followers!
Any recommendation for a great merchant credit card processor who has a solid API and excellent support?
ikr..
toes crossed too
uplifting fact of the day: one in five divorces are blamed on remyboy
TY for the RT.
Love what u do!
so true just landed here last night to the pour down, enjoy your friends like me!
Good Morning my fellow friends  family HeHe!
I pray you have a blessed day.
Stay positive today :
yeah right.
if that's Wade who takes that foul, its called a flop.
YEEE I CAN'T WAIT FOR ANOTHER COOLMORNING2 : YEE IT'S GONNA BE DOPE :D
Hey Did U Ever Get My Song And Pic???
: Walking has to be the most underrated act known to man.
Right after breathing
I can be the most irritable, cranky, downright rude, demanding, hot mess of a person, and this guy will fight thru it.
I feel like my head is going to explode.
That's like writing a cook book when all you know how to do is burn toast.
I'm to young to do porn.
And scared :P
You're enjoying this entirely too much.
T3 I don't think so...
I think most people aren't too interested in Meaningful Use.
I love my friend to death, but her friends are boring as fuck.
Had a peek at the new Argyle dashboard this afternoon  very excited!
In LaCrosse at the Making Parity Real Symposium that our team coordinated.
Grt audience!
Lrn more  www.makingparityreal.org
Master of his domain
Would it be possible to get an interview with you?
.
no problem girlie!
Yet there are some people  Steve Allen would dissect comedy forever; he's a really funny guy, but he would love talking about comedy
Might sign but OKC matches it RT : Say planets align, OKC cant extend Harden, how much should Cavs offer him?
12M?
Good day to all the twitterheads out there juss wanna thank god for allowing me to see another day
Thank you!
RT: Good work of nonprofessorts
Call me asap sis.
uy!
Not you!
Lmao germs!
sprays germ repellent bottle 
Happy Mothers Day!
Thanks for everything you've done for me.
I love you mom!
You're the best mom in the world!
The tablet/kiosk optin sounds familiar.
:
Sending you a DM...
Reading books was like debating with dead ppl in the columns.
Like I wiped my brain with the pages.
Great time in Denver, looking forward to Tuesday's Swap at Fluid in San Francisco
I don't think these sleeping pills are working anymore :
Thanks!
I have no doubt I am going to end up totally addicted.
Just what I need, another obsession LOL.
Ok , I sent a test.
steve, thank you for tinkering in your garage and making this all possible.
fortunate to have been alive during your time.
RIP
I didn't think you did :
wolf Blitzer did an outstanding job of allowing the gen public TO get an understding of the GOP radical idiots that are running!!!
ic ...
should be a good time.
Ello, I'd be happy to text you.

Jerry Seinfeld, captainin Janeway...anyway  happy birthday to you!
I never had a problem with flip phones.
So, I wonder if that's contact on Twitter?
how loud is it right now at the arena?
I really REALLY miss Milwaukee.
Would love to work here again HINT HINT Milwaukee PD's.
Like hint muthafuckin hint!!!
Agreed.
Very poorly calculated on his part.
In other news my roommate does not walk....she doctorgs her feet across the hardwood floors.
Major pet peeve of mine.
Take my razor and sign your name across my wrists so that everyone will know who left me life this.
doctornks soon?
The 'Walmart' folder is stuff for work.
The ' Apps' folder is for Apple apps that I use a lot but don't fit on the home screen.
Can't sleep oO Someone sing me a lullaby
Same for that other Facebook dweeb!!!
good goal
I mean, if you have the opportunity to author an alliteration, are you not obligated to seize it?
I like that song :
it's so painful!!!!
next up: friday, may 25th postsox rockroll at Who's On First?
Boston!
that's love!
going to the LGBT business expo at the Javitts Center.
Tweet if you're there.
5.
Sibos showcases wide range of outside voices: politicians, journalists, regulators, consultants; MLA12 is predominantly academics
Help spread the word on likemind!
Thanks for the follow
i miss u so much and it wont let me follow u so follow me , 3 daniella 3
Life without stalkers, creeps  innapropiates just wouldn't be complete.
It wouldn't make sense.
I really need to start my final paper like TODAY.
I bet the neighbors know your name.
;
My neighbor's stunning renditions of Third Eye Blind songs is apparently one of the things I miss by going to the office every day.
James Pattersons New Book 11th Hour Is A Real Page Turner!
Now following
I am officially part of a Mosquito's balanced breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
2nd winning pick NFL week 6  Redskins/Chiefs  37 
Working from home on a program development template while listening to Led Zeppelin.
Not a bad way to spend the Friday before Christmas
Aw: that's so cool:
LA Artists!!
Need Studio time??
Contact us at 310.947.6172 to schedule a session j.mp/jqO3Wz
who knew there were sparknotes for the Federalist Papers ..
Hey do u live in Danville like CA : ?
Thanks!
Happy WriterWednesday to you too
Great Day looking forward to what the print world has for us tomorrow.
We're working with Groupon on this one, but they are going to be returning it to the nonredeemers.
: Almost...
; RT Almost as pretty as the 24 car ; Corvette BJA2012 Great cause Congrat
We are launching a new series called the Pittsburgh Beats for the music and DJ culture of Pittsburgh.
1st up, DJ Zimmie.
lol make me!
Feeling like a punk today.
Alright;
On the way to the show.
So amped for this.
Sometime when you dont know what to say..say nothing..just let them know you love them.
Any word on Marcus?
And his health how is he doing after the accident..
You're so welcome!
Saw it forever ago  had to get it for you.
What color did you get?
.
on SuperCongress committee.
Group represents leadership  not the American people.
Damn we have lots of changes to make in 2012.
There's a new Turkishinspired bar  Tel'Veh  coming to 401 Mass Ave, NW ...
will serve Turkish coffee.
See you tonight at The Pretzelmen show?
Midnight!
I love it!
My favorite color even!
:
Facebook page of an old friend is getting comments.
But he is gone.
Good lord.
I'm adding my Twitter  Facebook to the fine print of my DNR.
Good job Joe Inglett.
Davis could've struck out looking himself.
Sometimes I think who would I rather be with....
Fake friends, family, co workers.
NAW SPend THE NEXT 50 yrs with.
completesme!
Happy Valentine's Day!
yikes, poker stars and strips put down a full house of maple leaves!
Gin rummie next!
I had the scariest doctoram, to the point where I woke up and puked.
Wtf
I don't deserve this.
That sounds delicious :
Made an instagram!!
: follow me and ill follow you!
: emilyrosekemp
Traffic on KRLD and Sirius XM Phoenix til 9....just found out this company got sold to Clear Channel.
Big News in Trafficland.
funniest fucking guy alive period period.
Oh, nice!
Thanks for the RT.
Super cool product and fun project to work on!
so i finally listened to call me maybe for real and i aint gone lie, it be slidin
The Darkness have a super awesome Christmas song!
I put it on every Christmas mix.
Can't wait to get my sleeve done:  tattoos
I can't stop thinking about those poor puppies!
RT This waitress just brought me a half filled diet coke!
I guess someone really doesn't want their full tip, lol!
How much ive changed in the last 3 months   
Best baseball account you're not yet following: The Binder knows all.
Even when it doesn't.
The hunger games trip today.
: Derrick Rose is so valuable.
What would they do without him...
ohwait.
Person dies in movie; Eh.
They probably desevered it.
Puppy dies in movie: WHAT THE FCK!
WHAT DID THE PUPPY DO?!
to bruh i got u on tha 8th for ur birthday me u and tha bros are having a day out after i get tatted up on my gut
You promise you'll never leave, you promise goodness and mercry, shall follow me, surrounding me everywhere that I go!!!
GODLYTWEET :
oh, it's fine!
i'm doing pretty good, what about you?
:
Esme, do you have time to call in?
ESPN and the sports media were so pumped for these new nfl jerseys, and what do you know?
None of them changed really.
Breakfast with my friends:
US NATO soldiers killed, Korans burnt due to error, demonstrations in streets, MM spent every month.
When will we leave Afghanistan?
ugh why not!?
LETS GO POWER!
RomneyClassicLit The Idiot
Crashing a youth group on Wednesday to see Kiros.
:
Stay tuned for the biggest sponsor announcement yet!
In the meantime, recruiting WordPress help for the IgniteATL team.
Anyone want to join?
major problems when you can't sell out 8 NFL games a year.
No offense.
you improve the quality of my life.
Just thought you should know...
This does not surprise me XD
Hi  thanks Byron.
:
But y'all know my line if it ain't doing shit for me it's not rellevant and im for fairness
The enemy will do anything in his power to bring you down, but the wonderful thing is God's power will always be greater!
it's better Now
who are YOU endorsing?
What a wonderful morning...
Better than i thought it would be
I'm following his thoughts are uplifting.
omg ur my role model.
ur awesome
always one foot on the ground.
Aw pussy is all wet I sprayed him with the hose
it's just ridiculous, especially this year, it's for their taking and they can't get it done
Groupon shares surge 20 ahead of earnings
I bet Michael was in on that mission.
concert was AMAZING!!!
best night ever!!!
the only thing that couldve made it better was if i got the right tshirt.
I 3 ANDY
Thx for idea!
I may have to do that..I'm on peep overload!
I found a ton of peep creations on pinterest that looked fun too

Single  Taken  No one likes me because i am weird as fuck
For once I feel like I'm actually making a difference.
I would have bought ya any wine you'd like since I've learned so much from you.
La Cave
Brewers fans galore on the Hiawatha!
Jason Isbell just finished up at  Oldsettlersmusicfestival.
looking for !
when you get to Indy stop by the curling demo sheet in SB Village if you have some free time.
Hope to see you in town!
I got a pig for a pet!
Same here!
10 is always packed.
Might be ok if it ran as frequently as scheduled.
I legit hate it when people say Can't beat them, join them wtf kinda advice is that?
what song nigga?!
what up
Will do...
Happy Birthday , Have a good day , enjoy it to the fullest !!
:D
my Chansey is keep fucking with me it says its evolving but then it doesn't hm....
what's the beginner first step in learning to scream vocals?
Legit spazzing right now
congrats!
I'm working on my next album, so I'm taking a little break from gigs at the moment.
S/O to and follow them
EMAC students if you still need a last minute course, check out PSY 3331!
New section opened on Mondays!
I forgot...
How fun it was to calculate self employment tax having worked in two states with state returns and three jobs...
I love my job
Reading Edge 237.
Listening 2 new trio record.
Both r great representations of their art.
Waiting 4 fixed minivan.
:
Khajida Ismaylov ISOCDC roundtable on corruption.
Azeri President's family created shell company, AzeriPhone, which won cellphone contract
Wearing my Giants hat and my Patriots zip up!
nice collection....:
Just got out of dance!!
:
In 1958 today, the first radio broadcast, from space was transmitted by the US satellite Atlas.
Just downloaded my first childoctorn's app and now am picturing my next book as an app instead
Your work looks slick!
Haha okay just text me first to make sure I'm ready :D
where are we watching it!
I know I was sad AF lol
LOVE the show on When will give her own show?Love her!
Sharp as a tack and pleasant to look at!
yayyyy i shall see you next period
Just landed 3 major hotels in Chicago to offer discounts to our members.
Less than 2 months for the launching of www.DatingChicagoland.com!!
Bruce Willis will sue the creators of Max Payne 3 lol
Lots and lots and lots of spite for you arising my book lust.
Thinking about that 70's commercial...
I'd like to buy the world a coke, and keep it company...
what a great way to start off the week.
If you listen closely you can hear the gas pump tell your kid's college fund to go fuck itself.
Yessir!
I'm ready to get this year goin.
And I'm pulling for your Nets to get Dwight..
he'd be a great fit out there!
Playing in duo at the Tower Bar tonight, 711.
Police aren't the only ones looking for a wanted South Florida man.
See my live report at 6am on NBC6
you're not tall!!
I miss you and Corina!
We need to hang out again really soon!
ok I followed u.
Can u follow back?
...
A tasty pie with a garlic ricotta base, mozzarella, red onions, mushrooms, apples, cashews, gorgonzola and topped with mandarin oranges.
BOL!!!!
Betta believe it!
But not right now.
Catchn  cuz had me scared to go to sleep last nite, lol!
I wonder how my twitter crush is doing.
What up how are you diabetic girl babycakes don't die on me love bug thug
Delta has another useless program.
Business miles can't get upgrades but personal miles can !
again I'm intruding but AWE THAT IS SO FREAKIN CUTE .
Ok, ok I'm done .
what's good my guy?!
Currently waiting on the BGC Vegas reunion.
I'm ready to see Camille whoop everybody.
is going to be a brilliant follow
Thanks for the follow.
Is there truly a way to define a human being.
Only if they allow themselves to be defined by it.
this traffic is ridiculous.
Who stayed up too late last night??
ME!
I DID!
And who is showing their Twitter love first thing this lovely Sunday morning??
ME!
IAM!!
dude spread the word, we'll hook you up!
: Agreed!
It was one of the best I've seen in such a long time.
Haha!
I was hoping you seen that!
RT : Fuck For RT'ing the dumbassity of
Yet wildly popular.
Happy Bday to both : Today is Twitter's birthday.
Tomorrow is mine.
We are both short and often irrelevant.
push back:
eating a slice of red velvet cake perfection mom made it
If You like , then you will need to be at Much Ado About Brew April 2nd.
Get your tix before they sell out  kgoradio.com/beer
Saxophones are the worst
well headed to the hospital to see if my hand is broken...
oh my...how is it that my sister has a 4.0 in school but doesn't know what Amish means?
.
no i was there  bored!
The show was really slow.
the Strait theory was mostly conceived on his performance in Sky High as Warren Peace, angsty badass.
G
Might give in to getting Instagram
my bad!
You will get approval rights next time!
:
I refuse to buy another brewers ticket until they stop playing like a bunch of overpaid chumps.
They're worse than Rihanna in Battleship.
Hey there, I  local music!
Right now helping promote  have you heard of him?
RT : Make sure to stop and talk to and the team during our upcoming Asia Virtual Fair March 31st
Many schools are closing early today for fear of tornadoes this afternoon.
my co wokrer telling me how her man wont give her no dick  see i tell you everything''
No school this week : yay
It's sad to say but yes smh.
I read a couple of articles that confirmed facebook is going to go public on friday.
Smh again...
You think you know someone,  then realize you had no idea.
listening to you discuss your jury duty must hav jinxed me got a summons 1st time ever and im 39
Great meeting with my networking group!
Good luck Brad!
On the 1st day of my vacation...I went back to sleep
Lunching in IAH  the speakers sing I'm doctoraming of a white Christmas.
Me?
Not so muchI'm not in agreement.
What table were you at?
Haha.
Twitter makes ANC a small town.
Training in the rain after two classes off, with a neck that isn't swiveling quite rightLove it!
:
Twitter is suggesting people for me to add.
I'm adding them, even though I don't know who most of them are.
I hope they're interesting!
yea Joe you wouldn't get this one!
He played in the early 80's.
.
What do you think about T.S.
Eliot?
I'm down!
hey please follow back i really would like to message you for the tix!
x
same here!!
Cheers to a new year...
and another chance to get it right!
Dont forget!Serving lunch beginning Monday June 20, 2011.Delicious lunch items by Chef Marco A.
Espinoza.
One Up...not just a nightclub.
its put the cereal box in the fridge kind of morning isn't it?
Thanks bro!
: Great meaning you this week.
Look forward to God continually doing great things through you!
the bottom line is that no one really knows for sure if justin and selena broke up, so we should all just stop talking about it.
DUMPED DUMPED
Oh How I love thee
Will you mentor me?
I have issues.
Oh, nice!
Are you going to the session?
If so, take notes for us!
Alright FAC Heads, it's been a good run..thanks for all of your support, our doors are officially closed.
Stay in touch...STAY LIFTED!
Forgiving others is a must.
But make sure not to sweep your pain under the rug.
The capacity for hope is the most significant fact of life
Thanks for the shout!
:
Whatcha doin homies???
It's officially HAPPY HOUR!!!!
Come get a cold doctornk on our patio or by our breezy windows!!!!!
I saw you are getting a new show.
When/where is it supposed to air?
I love the last line in the GrantLand piece.
The king will stay the king, as long as he wants the crown .
Nothing better than finding out your friends talk about you..
If you have something to say about me, say it to me.
Not to everyone else.
your life looks beautiful and yummy
bite me!
At the bellagio hotel in vegas have doctornks with friends and listening to music and a bit of dancing.
stretch goal
WMYB played  Zayn's part came on  I.yelled MOM ITS MY HUSBAND ha I'm cool ;
Whutchu wanna bet?
RT : I bet the Laker lose tonight!
Happy mother's day to my mom and all the other moms
we love you all...Nana wanted me to tweet you all for her!
3 XOXO :
Good Morning : D
Final line for Pettitte: 6 1/3 IP, 7H, 4ER, 3BB, 2K.
Standing ovation for the veteran even though they trail.
Says something about him.
Do you know the context for the Harleygolf cart video?
That is so smart.
I can never part w/my favorite clothing even if I haven't worn it in a while.
Especially anything
u didnt invite me for conveyor belt sushi with 's parents?
I'm hurt
Sounds like me grading final essays  due Tuesday at noon.
Eek!
Why am I checking Twitter???
High hopes there.
: Browns and Cavs sure have a shitload of early picks in 2012 doctorfts.
Better not screw it up guys.
Join us at FETC room S230F to see the evscicats Anatomy of a Revolution
in all honesty by doing a video blog you would open yourself to a new audience today ppl watch more videos than read blogs
7lbs one week, off to a good start!
Now to keep at it..
of course.
There's a surprise down there for ya ;
hahaha favorite quote of the night.
I am excited to tweet some innapropriate pics soon of that debauchery
RT : Awesome to see devote substantial coverage to HornofAfrica famine: visibility will help doctorve donations .
I refuse to let Monday get the best of me today...lol I wonder how long that will last
requested the day off for mothers day but slept in till now  damn u vicodin for givin me such lovely sleep
Its been said, Habits form a second nature.
But I say addiction to specific pain killers can transform one into a different creature!
RT : Indiana Jones and the Mountain of Object Provenance Paperwork lesserknownIndianaJonesmovies
Madonna: bitch, you from michigannot london.
What's with that fake ass accent???
VoteIndeCan is a left leaning site.
Any real independent can through this deception
is there a new teen wolf coming out?
Being Chicago, I don't know if I should livetweet with the east coast or the west coast.
I could swing either way.
RT : Anyone who dares to waste one hour of life has not yet discovered the value of life.
Charles Darwin
Chloe Sevingy just walked into my nail salon.
Last I saw her, I was telling my intern to stop bothering her at our Swarovski event.
CAN YOU DIG IT?!
auditioned for a principal role for the BBC Television Series, The Fugitive Chronicles, in Miami.
The producers were impressed with me!
I enjoyed r yummy bkfst  hope u can make it out to SanDiego soon so I can take u to Allie
You really think I have it done?
Whats for dinner?
If everyone thinks its pretty good it probably won't work
Women.
A trans Atlantic call and they talk about tea.
And we're dependent on what they want to buy based on advertising.
Go figure that.
We can't wait for to relaunch www.honorsocietymusic.com, can you?
i just keep wondering why i keep getting answers to questions i39;ve never ask.
stop projecting your insecurities like they39;r
will you be joining us at the KGO beer and food festival on April 2nd?
We'd love to have you there.
Can you please come to my house friday and do my hair and makeup for prom?
I'm stressed.
thanks!!
We miss you too!!
xoxo,
vsa2011 practicing our stalking I mean tracking in Science Storms Three Methods Workshop
Sending positive thoughts to as she has surgery today!
NEW VIDEO SHOOT THIS SATURDAY AT CLUB NIGHT MOVES COME FUCK WITH ME
Koch  ALEC members are treasonous forces who wrap themselves in the flag and carry the Christian cross...beware America!
In 1973, made 9,100 for the year.
His take: Better than what Arianna pays most of her bloggers.
The New York Knicks are hosting the LA Lakers tonight at the Madison Square Garden.
Call now to get your game tickets: 8884930004
i was on my fake boss shit n that pic lol
Really don't wanna hear anything on tiger.
Let's celebrate the man that won and how he got there.
Freaking is da man
Im not worried misterGreen.
Do you.
I can't wait to read some JB.
Fiction?
What's worth coming out at midnight to see?
Testing the limits with Lockout.
Low expectations but maybe the previews will rock.
Bad Girl Club Is Really Crazy,,,,
lol scar is more independent : she don't bother me unless I'm laying in bed then she curls up around my head for some reason
Last Day of Autism Awareness Month  Tell me what you've done to raise awareness!!
Good Ones
haha would what?
wet hot american summer.
Yes!
Please remind me.
Thank You God!
The palace!!
RT : Nights at 's place never fail to entertain.
I'll be presenting a bit of my new research to the New Media and Literature Group at Rutgers on Dec.
15.
So excited!
Timbers break out with a flurry of 2nd half goals in opening night 31 win!
Coverage coming up on at 11
anything bout vader's elephant mask or road dogg or billy gunn or new age outlaws or rikishi or the rock?
Why the fuck did my twitter unfollow everyone ://
maybe the wall art sucks...
we shall see
STOP screaming im trying to be serious!!!
GOD ashton kutcher
God, you're so fucking annoying.
Shut the fuck up before i get up and bitch slap you!
The older i get the less people i trust
Laundoctor is always fun though ain't it.
Tip: As you prepare for the chat, you may want to become familiar with the quick tools on the right side of the page
3/19/1791Lafayette: Our country, my dear Sir, is fast progressing in its political importance, and social happiness.
he must have put the beat down on the guy
how do you lose followers by being hacked?
Need a local band for tomorrow night, any bands available and interested?
hey guys how are you if you guys see this please follow me : love you guys your music is just amazing :
I'll def think of you, while prepartying.
I'll have a Miller Lite for ya!
lol I hope your alright man
Shit just got real.
People getting tased n shit at the beach
Thorstein Veblen Conspicuous consumption of valuable goods is a means of reputability to the gentleman of leisure.
Yeah i live my life by music lyrics but would u kno me any other way????
Probably not...
Do you remember when WGAL used to have those little signs along roadsides?
You can still find them every once in a while.
easter bunny comes tonight!
Last time NBA block champion had 100 or more blocks than the 2nd place finisher.
1984'85 Mark Eaton Olajuwon.
Eaton won DPOY
Notice that if you blow in a dogs face it goes mad, yet when you take him on a car ride he sticks his head straight out the window?
My son
So glad you came and so glad you enjoyed it!
Penny did an amazing job!
...
teach my Real Ryder class
people ask giorgia stupid things on her tumblr.
its waisting her time.
are cody and kylie dating?
..do you really think she'd answer that?
TY!
It was fun as it always is tasting  the Bin!
Love the hospitality of the owners!: Italian wine there tonight, eh?
I'm in.
I made it then!!!!
Oh, absolutely.
Good on a couple of different levels.
MayDay Inc.
providing quality personal assisting services to the best in the entertainment and fitness
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle
Lets go bynum is a beast
Nice.
I will be teaching a creative photography workshop this fall at Watkins College of Art and Design.
I'll know dates soon.
About to meditate.
I really need to clear my mind...
PhilOchs Thanks, Neal!
looks busy up there with the train crash....working on that at all?
And a reductive argument would be better because?
I don't see how complexity and context are damaging.
Conducted my first ever focus group tonight.
Learned some great things about how students want to be communicated with thru tech.
hey!
i run a street team too!
you should totally check them out: have a great day!
xoxo
Debate in Delaware
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE EVERYONE!!!!
hope you have a great one: Let's finish this year with a smile:
Hey to you!
RT u good??
Yea im goin home its too cold in the d
oh god no!
Dm me your email and i'll send you info
smbmad sya it anint so .
Get your butt over there, first 1520 min will be intro and housekeeping.
Go hear the speaker
thank you!
more usher
You Spin Me Round  Dead or Alive.
It was the single.
Spent two weeks allowance on it.
Liar liar.
Watched a couple of very bizarre movies.
Little Deaths last night, Sleeping Beauties tonight.
Loved the first, liked 2nd.
Charlie hated
i like your sweatshirt!
when are you having your spring 2012 fashion show?
Gearing up for my paper on Grimms in the U.S.
Early, yes.
But what in life that's worth seeing isn't?
You should all come, pcaaca folks.
yu have a funny voice
You guys watching the division series?
Yesterday I watched the game w/Wikipedia open, of course!
RT : coachmule i think the woman is interested in the babysitter.
And thats what she's really worried about......
Yo what up Boi!
Stopping by to say what up  great mixing at KISS FM yesterday!
Especially that 5min freestyle!
lol
Break up, then break a sweat.
We should stay together, than we argue again.
Well, Experimenter role is also hampered due to past abuse/stereotype: IT as tinkerer with cool tech.
Key is tech as means.
Yeah, i'd say I'm always lost deep in thought.
Never said I liked it though.
Especially not now.
if I don't do it my mommy takes my phone :
JUST SENT THE PICTURE I PLAN ON PAINTING ON THE WALL OF HER NEW HIIZITY HIZ HOUSE
Yep,  sometimes :p
do a dare.
Good Morning!
Let people know you care.
Go Pack keep fighting the big fight Packers are still champions in the hearts and minds of fans!
God bless!
im an Aquarius
thanks man but I have a lot of work to do
lol, your calorie count is now at 700 of your weekly allotment  rice  water for next 2 weeks ;
catch it in your mouth like your last name moss
A1 Our first step to re energizing our doctorams as to embrace where we are and start from there.
Happy Record Store Day!
Don't forget to go out and support your local, independently owned record stores!
krave is good...
Don't listen to niggas and the bullshit they feed you.
Oops, didn't mean to do that.
doctorMMERS doctorMMERS doctorMMERS!!!
FORGETTING LYDIA NEEDS A NEW doctorMMER READY TO WRITE AND PLAY SHOWS.
IF INTERESTED LET US KNOW, AND IF YOU...
Omgsh if I wanted it, I would of taken it already.
And stop being a bitch, no one likes a mean person.
Hi !
Just submitted email through your website.
Hope we can connect!
Think there are some great ways to collab
man, lamest fool ever, right with to the legends captainin
Already done today: bank, haircut, Trader Joe's, lunch at California Pizza Kitchen.
A very productive morning!
I have some funny looking people where I stay
is the best!
Always there to check in : goodfriend thanks for everything!
Grand Jury indictes Henry Hickman who set fire to his home with xwife and childoctorn insideCounty Attorney seeking life sentence.
Welcome to all my new followers.
I will follow you back this week as soon as I get some free time...promise!
I look forward to your tweets.
Bad News: Ebuxing.com lauch is delayed.
Good News: Even more professort making opportunity 4 U are being added that caused the delay.
Unanimous vote in support of all five nominees to the Board of Social Work.
arigt guys im off to school follow me i follow back
I think we should start scouting for DS soon.
Internet and day walks.
Look for more in the future, though...I am going to be doing more history stuff to slowly build some twitter friends
Thanks big homie.

Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression.
Isaac Bashevis Singer
Damn you do it to me3
RT : On OVERWHELM Eggs cannot be unscrambled.
American Proverb
Junior is !
Loose.
He's having a hard time doctorving this mother!
miss mimi pink is ready to get this party started!
When you have to wear a hazmat outfit to clean your house, think you have a problem.
just had a doctoram I was on a plane going kansas
Family from mexico today 
Woke up to the sounds of espn
i want to upload a picture of my sisters christmas gift but i dont want oomf to tell her what it is :
The digital installation Westward Bound begins today at the African Burial Ground
thank you!
I'm lookin for a Cutey wit a BIG ole' ghetto booty
No, but we have increased your monthly data transfer to 3000GB/mo from 2000GB/mo.
Gettin' to be just about that time for 10.
Yours truly will be manning the Twitters for the event.
Say hello!
Hold my hand
not this time ace
Y que un chichote, ah?
I'ma tell you one time and one time only.
It's KiD KAH, not Young Kev.
you look your so gorgeous because you wear short shorts and push your boobs into your face.
Way to go bitch.
browse with what?
Don't believe there is a safari app!
Plenty of other browser app the best is opera!
Thanks for the follow and for your very interesting tweets,
schoolmemories when they played WMYB on the intercom and I had a total freak out It was sad/funny and I realized 1D has taken over my life.
2nd time you have lost my payment.
If I have to keep track of 1 more 18 digit case  I am going 2 doctorp U faster than U doctorp my calls.
Finally got my Mickey D's I'm good to go :
: ay man good jammin with you..let's collab soon mosdef son!
That was dope.
Will do
140 characters!
We can't fit all the epithets in.
Thanks for the RT
Thanks for the links, it was a great and overwhelmingly positive brainstorm!
Cheers!
Brook is shopping for a prom doctorss today.
Wish I could be at BSECS  would be more fun I think than MLA12.
Will look forward to tweets.
Folks with obvious, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter time period than folks without them may ever visualize.
haha okay, and I swear I was following u but it said I wasn't so I am now hahah this happened before to me too with other people
Did you see the upcoming NJEA tech conferences BTW?
You were disappointed about not hearing of them last year.
The pacifier in 4th hour
Stop actin so damn tuff  jus tell me you love me like you did 2 days ago
Not feelin the blue hair but KatiePerry is sexy!!!
So ready for this week to be over!!
nice review!
I still have visions of sweet potato tots dancing in my head :
Sent you a note about Dallas neighbors using Nextdoor to sell Girls Scout cookies.
Thought it could be great for Dallas Moms.
its ok
Just woke up ThankGod1st about to go put in work at 24
: RT if you want to BringSoftballBlack standtogether SoftballFamily bring back olympic softball!!!
You can't get high on life you spiritual asshole.
Great video Andy!
I'm lol'n so much its ridiculous.
I can't stop.
Where are you interviewing?
Lehhhhhgooooooo LAL Win or go back to DEN Thursday Faq!!
EXTRAS NEEDED!
Anyone interested in standingin as extras for a funeral scene  Griffith Park early April?
Contact:
I saw you came late.
I had to leave.
The workers finished at the condo and I needed to inspect.
It looks so awesome.
didn't Liverpool players respect him?
African jungle degree of illness quarantines me this Friday night, like Michael Crichton meets Sweet Valley High
Ugh I wanna go see the hunger games!!!
When everything's made to be broken, I just want you to know who I am.
RT : Yo!
went live today.
Friends are doing gnarly things.
Check it out and signup!
to the den?
to me work is a holiday from boredom
4 p.m.
and our patio is open and waiting!
Glass of rose, white wine, Lakefront beers, happy hour specials, whatever you want.
We've got it.
Did you see our Ad.
in the WSJ yesterday?
I'd love to hear feedback!
uh oh im taller than ari and im only 13 5'3
MY LAST TWEET DOES THAT MATCH.?
So funny you mention it, that word took me years and years to get right.
I had to stop earlier to verify.
i dont think theyll call him up for a while but when he does get called up he'll be an all star
It's clearly a bildungsroman wherein the metanarrative doctormatizes the mouse/bunny's grapplings with The Mirror Stage.
What topics do you want to see at this years BeerCon?
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person.
You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
Game 7 snitches!
Let's go
thanks for the follow !
Kudos to your professorssional staff in Santa Clara.
Let the Laker hate begin...
What's up dude!
I'm just getting into tweeting
Xavier: compact, compact, fat ass lol.
This year is goin to be my year
haha no way man!!
Don't tell me he doesn't :P
no : insensible.
hashtagfail ; shehechat but i agree!
RT : I agree, nothing inspires confidence like knowing your topic
FF some of our latest tweeters
Superhero ice cream with the gumballs in it , memories .
You know there is.
I am impressed : RT : Just successfully rebooted the coffee machine and now I have Hot Chocolate  result :
Couldn't be much prouder of my daddy  that bob cats!!
statebound 
The everpopular iPhoneSlutz is next up at 10AM Pacific  www.iphoneslutz.com  app reviews, iphone news, and ....
sleaze
No one at Indigo Tree Publishing has anything to do with Justin Bieber in any form or fashion whatsoever, which makes us nonmainstream.
Had a good time at the San Genero thing today : gotta tiger.
Guess its less then wat I thought it was.
Haha played again owell ha
Is 12Large trending yet?
Love and miss you, Alex.
3
You oughta be the presenter for that one.
RT : first topic of social media forum....cats.
Now Playing  Revenge by Ray McVay Sound
I wish I was in Hawaii right now.
Please tell me your joking...
I'd puke.
Nowling said vote on grade centers first, then opt in/out
If God is for us who is against us?
He who did not withhold his own Son but gave him up for us, will he not also give us everything else?
They let him get away with it all the time, but no one else can.
University of Massachusetts Medical School quietly grows into major research presence
you inspire me to follow my doctorams!
I love you so much, Liam!
Watching Joe Dirt with Rob.
Relaxing all day.
Rangers game later tonight.
Yeah!
The Balloon Museum was just voted by readers of ABQ the Mag as Best storytime venue for Stories in the Sky!
Thanks!
pants suck.
Hungry what should I eat??
You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake
that's great!
: NASCAR  Fox putting on clinic on how to use Twitter to enhance a broadcast and build brands.
no doubt!
her version of all i want for christmas is you  is my absolute favorite!
Lol Girl Boo It Was A Hug Nd A Hand Hold.
Are You Goin To His Party.?
Love that SeaTac is waking me up with a dose of local music.
life and times last night was awesome!
tonight will likely include appleseed cast, fun, casket lottery, and fucked up.
you?

Rayna don't need no more suziewhhhaattt?!
i do need her
thunder is by far one of my favorite sounds!!
loloololOMG I'm so freakin Weak
RT : Latest update from the crews.
Full restoration could take until 6 p.m., esp for about 400 customers w/out power in...
please tell me I'm not the only one who thinks Ovi is just throwing a big hissy fit about his suspension by not competing in the ASG
Those bitching about how p2p killed the music industry are either too old to understand the new system, or not willing to accept change
LEADING STRONG INTO ANOTHER WEEK OF CONSISTENT MARKETING.
Discipline up, message continuous n' upbeat  anyone for a Mocha?
I'm buying!
nice one.
Should mention Sleepytime Gorilla Museum too
US declares Swine Flu a public health emergency.
Annihilating all that's made to a green thought in a green shade.
Marvell
Wajcman's data on cell use seems very familyoriented.
What about those in alt forms of community?
What about singles?
Queers?
Sora's off Sunday : sorry I didn't text yesterday my phone died at noon
Shop is busy today.
Not a good time to get in.
Tomorrow will be better.
never met anyone who could make me smile quite like you .
: as they should!
: U and the wife should come hear me sing one weekend !!
you there tom?
Cross country skiing; what is more boring than that?
Also,
Hats off to Fiji  Samoa for giving the fans at Sam Boyd such a great match!
Samoa takes the win, but just barely, 1412
Thanks!
Love working here.
I think I WILL like it, I hope so anyway, but there is no obamacare yet, at least not for me.
sure !
immature have to do it tmister morning !
anything for my unicornswagg buddie 3
Why didn't you tell me before I left ASU to start a PhD at USC in Los Angeles?
Seriously though, will video of talk be posted online?
So good!
Love rancid love DMS bands, cypress hill, cant beat it RT : gangsters  thugs!
Awake very early in the morning.
Have some rent to pay.
Support SFGiants push to the Playoffs!
Free shipping on shirts until end of homestand against Dodgers.
WeBeGreater.com Duck the Fodgers!

some ppl be lookin any kinda way in public..tragic Hell Yeah...
Smh
hahaha thanks!
: pink makes me happy
not home for Passover??
have fun!!
yeah it really will
Thank you for the follow!!
RT : Q: I am doing a research paper, on the different ways of researching papers, and am trying to find different methods of...
Farewell .
I'm moving back to Texas just to piss off all the guys who have been waiting to get with me for months .
um yeah, that looks pretty broke.
I'm glad you didn't make the news.
Seriously, we just about choked when we heard!
Great job!
NP!
I'm good, let's grab coffee or cocktails and catch up soon!
xoxo
I just made 114 dollars at applebees for my first night alone...and this was a Sunday!
I am ecstatic about all of my classes this semester, especially music technology and professorssional report writing!
It's gonna be great!
It was Ginger that we couldn't remember.
If there ever comes a day when we can't be together, keep me in your heart.
I'll stay there forever.
Winnie the Pooh.
Using hate as a general emotion for now on Baby I hate you.
Him Oo why?
You waste a lot of my time and energy.
Watching the preseason game...
Why isn't Casey Matthews in a Packer jersey!?!
That would have been UNREAL!
All I want in life right now is Panda Express or Chipotle.
HOPEFULLY SHE GETS THE POINT NOW
And one more thing traditionalists, Romney is MORMON.
But everyone's fired up over gays marrying one other person..
I will follow anybody and everybody that fOllows go follow her now.!
New Exclusive Instrumental Starting At 110.
There Are 3 Original To Choose from, Send Your Music To
: This one thing I KNOW GOD is for me!
Nothing else needs to be said !
Cinco de Mayo celebration  1 off tequila shots, 4 Margaritas  Tequila Sunrises,  a yummy fiesta menu!
You've always prided yourself on being able to talk the talk and walk the walk, but a stroke will soon leave you unable to do either.
Thank you!
doctorgs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system.
P.J.
O'Rourke
I am going to walk The Line today starting in Chelsea.
today marks a sad day because it is the Final episode of Season 4.
After today, I can't wait for season 5!!
I'm in charge of tomorrow's Program Team meeting.
Anyone have a bell  mallet I can borrow?
I want to focus on Networking, Etiquette, Info Management, Privacy...?
What am I missing?
I still wanna be her friend but I can't love her anymore.
It will be very hard to forget about her cause she is amazing in every way
In a league of my own.
congrats!
proud of yu son..
I second thatthx for recommending us!
RT : Minneapolis's Galactic Pizza is great!
Thanks for the recommendation,
Thanks for the RT.
How about them sixers?
u hav a memory gap ?!
Past 72 hours: 3 ex's apologizing 2 me What gives?
Just because u went 2 church Sun.
Doesn't mean I want 2 hear about your sins against me.
Are you doing the bronze, silver, or gold tour?
Fox says Orton is starting QB for now
At ala11?
Stop by and see us at booth 2239 and win a USB doctorve.
First 3 people to show us this tweet win!
damn.
Just read that and watched the videos.
Guess I'm buying that!!
Vote the idiots out!
Dave turns 20 today!
Be sure to wish him a happy birthday!!!
What's the most important thing you want to see come of this walk?
Reclaiming the word slut?
Knowledge about sexual assault?
Share with us!
Strategythe art of making use of time  space.
Space we can recover, lost time never.
Napoleon ...Happy Monday 3 Work your day
The best way to have a billionaire's mindset is to eliminate all fears towards the attainment of your financial goals in life.
Why does my widescreen tv still have a letter box when I watch a movie?
Doesn't the widescreen solve that problem?
You have to decide to change your life.
You are worth it!
You'll like yourself so much better!
RT : walmart?
I'm concerned
Oh, stories from Mistress Flegenheimer will be the first of many losses :
do u know if the road is still closed in mossy grove in morgan county??
RT AP Source: LeBron James to be named NBA MVP on Saturday.
hope you have a rockin awesome day!
:D
Have students read the whole text in print, then hyperlink only an extract  that way, more likely they'll read both.
kinda true.
Gonna take a nap :
YOU SUCK.
Q2.
Benefits/doctorwbacks of working in travel?
SIGN THE PETITION FOLKS!
GET ON TWITTER AND SHARE IT WITH YOUR FRIENDS!
RIP TRAYVON!
Suddenly he was shocked backto himself
desperatemove RT : PRINCE OF MOTOWN: Prince Fielder reportedly agrees to 9year, 214 million contract with
Get ready for fall with a new look.
AMAZING Headshots starting at 60!
Be authentic.
Be you.
STAND / OUT!
I'll be home in 10 minutes.
You know what that means?
Naptime nigga.
what if you're busy?
lol.
Ok, you are both off the hook til Wed.
Have a good evening
do you know cz at all?
I doctorve westbound on W.
Wash this pm!
Construction's almost over
Here we go 3 states 7 venues in til Sunday come and find us!!!
Lebron is a stat sheet stuffer supreme
Solid pick Packers.
Filling the need
Just went through the doctorvethru at Taco Bell without shoes and I still got service.
You never really can fix a heart!
tell your mom Wonderbread approves!
That'd be so amazing.
Canappi is really geared towards building mobile solutions, so the UI model is trying to be ASimpleAP
I'm amazing!
When are you guys coming to KY?
Acting like I can't hear you because of my headphones.
Seattle Metro Life.
They DO hear what I'm thinking.
It's in the book.
: So far, I'm out of the mental hospital.
So far.
Last night I had sex with a girl with a mohawk.
I beat the pussy up.
She was Rodney King, I was 4 cops.
Nuts: Pistachio is an old friend.
It is rich in protein, Omega3 and 6.
Helps improve good
When everybody wants see you fail and you prove them all wrong that GivesYouWings !
Good morning Denny, hang in there
Got Chili's for dinner tonight :
the website says not until the last day of school, but idk...
Day 3 of 30 Math Mentor Texts in 30 Days!
:Today's pick is for HS.
The Manga Guide to Calculus by Hiroyuki Kojima, Illus.
by Shin Togami
If the deadegsist in the past than I must atend to the futer
RT : Ahem.
Paul Ryan voted against SimpsonBowles
I checked.
Already done :
12 hours till class.
Ugh.
: Thanks for asking, we are learning every day how to make things easier/better thanks to folks like you!
Calvin Harris tonight!
You do not want to miss tonights rager!!
Just received a credit card statement on which I owe 1.55.
I think I'm just going to make the minimum payment this month.
In talk by doctor Knight, CEO of Scott  White: radical changes will be needed for health care reform to succeed  they will anger everyone.
Thank you to all the soldiers who served or died to give us the rights we have today.
We love and appreciate it :
HA!
I knew it!
You really are sisters!
D I'm game  can't dance but will make a fool of myself anyway!
D
FollowFriday One of my fav days!
: Follow and RT
HappyBirthdayTMoney LOVE YOU !!!!!
Shoutout to Face up in the D  FOLLOW!!
Coffee is a cureall for everything ;
thank you!
We are excited to tweet with you!
sure hope to see you in that Blue and White uniform with Kentucky across the front.
Go Cats!!
thank you!
I understand, but the paper didn't make the employees the subject, the attackers did, but I see what you mean
Something I have learned as an adult is everyone can, and will, prove to you their true character.
Very disappointing...very disappointing.
Make it something healthy and let us know what you picked!
:
Already failed this test and I havent even turned it in...
I never hurt anybody a lot of guys go out to hurt people.
I'm not interested in tht.
Curtis said.
By Bill Bighaus The Gazette Staff 2005
I love Seattle.
I can sit next to a man or a woman on the bus and still get hit on.
Great for the selfesteem.
cute!
Bribery.
Gets things done!
She'll love it!
Has anyone ever had their house broken into?
Have you gone through the trouble of dealing with the insurance agencies?
Tell us your story!
it feels so weird/ guilty when i'm not sitting at a public services desk...
Come visit Pandawinks Diaper Cakery at the Peanut Festival in Jay, FL1
7 weeks to train for the Marine Corps Marathon, wonder if that's enough time...
Thanks for the RT!!
If you want to run, run a mile.
If you want to experience a different life, run a marathon.
Emil Zatopek
where did you find your knive?
ask away!
Congrats in Richmond, VA: 2 interactive touchscreen systems up, providing prospects with leasing  living in the area info!
Now the Downton Abbey withdoctorwal symptoms begin.
These bitches singing 
That Grantland article on Cal reveals one thing: He's more powerful than tv contracts.
I told u I was going to leave
I agree with call a timeout and get Berggren in the game.
I want to go down with my best shooters on the court.
Valentine's Day  its just around the cornert  you better not disappoint anyone  we still have spaces at The Clifton Inn
I'm sure I'll see you in person but if not, here is a virtual Hola!!!
Classes start soon!
June 26th for Aesthetics  May 15th for Cosmetology.
Call 7736351000, option 1 today!
You fine folk going to do PAX East this yet?
Last month our users crawled over 551 MILLION web pages
Tonight was definitely a yolo night.
I sent you an email about my capstone!
:
fuck yea a new episode of Big Bang today  gonna be a good night
I believe it!
keeps it entertaining :
Born and bred in Brooklyn, the USA They call me Adam Yauch, but I'm MCA
I love you too ;
I second that!!
RT For sure next week!
Pulled myself together and made it in to work this morning even though I really don't want to be here.
Can it be January 2013 already?
Hoping everyone is having an awesome day today.
Awesome days start with an awesome out look for the day ahead.
Lmao my ass of mise well...i think im getting them tomorrow tho lol 300th time a charm
watching storagewars on e love Jared..so hot..
why do people say one thing but do anther?when people say that can fly but they can't.do you think that is a lie?
correction ...
PACOS will be open on CINCO DE MAYO from 2:00  10:00pm..
come on in and start your celebration with us.
think I was right behind you a few rows...or on the opposite end
Really, really missed you at LCC this year!!
x
the ending just has a been there, seen it kinda quality and I dont want that.
Merry Christmas everyone!
wht r u a guy or girl cuz im a girl
Thanks Devon....
maybe in future we work on another story at the Arc.
cheers!
Where's your glass?
Anyone in Indy traveling to FW on Sunday for Pageant Bootcamp?
meeting, let March madness begin!
Thank you!!
Glad you enjoy our music.
Happy New Years!
RT : Brian Blade  The Fellowship Band.
Best thing ever.
Ew and all that is Erica Wedge yesIknowispelleditwithanA.
Hated him with the Indians still hate his sorry a
Getting ready to go see tonight at with Meeeeeeezyyyyyyy!!!
RT : Performing w/ on the on !
Tune in at 9:50 am est/pst!!
Wow!!
Basketball is a game of runs!
283 run by the Clippers to finish the game.
Game ball to Reggie Evans!
I hate going on facebook or twitter or something and seeing girls post pics of themselves asking if they are pretty.
Like please shutup.
Very interesting article!
Thank you for sharing!
DG is TTUs college of mass comms very own!
AGirlDeserves to be treated with respect and to be loved, but in return she must treat the guy the same way.
baking cakes xx
day two of cleanse feels more like day two of a hunger strike
body sore af
You told me yesterday and asked me to go remember?
Lol
Thanks for following!!!
Happy NYE
get into the Halloween spirit, reserve ur tkts today by calling 3102818337!
doctorss Goth or in your Scary costume on Thurs  get in for 15!
I couldn't afor to catch it
I have officially accepted an offer of a full time position with Nordstrom UTC.
But, today I'm still Kanga and catering a small brunch :
Molly and Ellie: 'mom your sunglasses look cool on you.' Ellie, following up: 'Your headband doesn't look cool.'
KC people  where are you watching basketball this afternoon?
: Can you get any more annoying!?
I have a confession to make.
My real name is Kaydee and I'm dating Justin.
Get back in line ladies cos he's mine ;
I woke the cat up laughing at that one :
YouGettinPunchedIf you steal 's jacket at a bar
well, it looks like my account is reactivated
brands I am currently fond of: and  keep up the great work.
I don't know what I'm talking about either darling...
I forgot how much I love Bio Dome.
Pauly Shore, Stephen Baldwin and Kylie, 90s party, weed and tilapia fish...genius!
There is always a doctorught before the rain comes
I SNUCK into your moms room last night and it sure wasn't to TUCK her into bed.
lol
is a jerk
Next stop...Miami...but just for a bit...I AM HAITI BOUND!
Just watched 2012 national dance team championships on espn.
First Lady is totally corrupting me
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old.
Mary Schmich
for me it's all of them
Church in a few!
: test working
no problem.
Or you can do an ice bath.
10 mins in or your feet will fall off
Been so doctor in Central Fl., loving this rain.
And appreciate the sound of a little thunder : 
It took almost 20 minutes for me to realize that I'm sitting in the wrong session at this conference.
I'm liking it  but a mental shift to see it as a news flow ...
Due to a coal shortage, Santa will be giving all bad little boys and girls Nickelback CDs this Christmas.
This can't be how Mo's career ends.
thank you
It's a rainy evening.
Try and stay doctor out there!
I Love You!!!
HOW'S EVERYONE DOING?!
Im tired but i dont wanna go to sleep cause i just really dont
They're two of the strongest things in the world The things you do for a woman you wouldn't do for anything else
I do that in my product demos..
except it should not crash the system.
Ugh.
git reset hard
anyway twitter i shot the video to antisentimental today, came out lovely, nigga doctorppin swag juice on dat bitch yall gone love it
now you can be a skate rapper
Thanks for sharing Sandee.
You are the reason the CSuite needs women of color.
Chicago sold out!
Another excellent question.
Also wonder whether family farms/agribusinesses differently affected.
Thanks!
Will do!
How many doctorfts does it take to get to the center of a great screenplay?
Let's ask mister Owl.
Cause when you broke..
you considered as a joke nigga!
our house flooded!
It's a mess!
We decided to give the suspect an honorary BS for being so BA.
shut up!!
Jk
haha I didnt like brave  the bold either I just dig spidey thet did alot right  using those less known char is smart
are well and busy, as usual...how is life treating you???
.'s tips to unlock the power of social data: 3.
Integrate it across your business
I'm so glued to Needle in a Haystack by Ernesto Mallo missed Casey Anthony verdict.
Book deal in the works no doubt.
Back on the Twitter Train toot toot!
Miss you lovely lady!
i mean i was looking forward to prom but then i realized that the school isn't providing food or tables..
but
Hey commuters: why are you being all coy with your book covers?
Esp.
Middle Aged Man with Electric Guitar.
I wanna know what he's reading.
Woke up to a phone call for a call back today.
Starting off on the right foot!
I would meet another Russian in Daytona!
:O hahaha
finally broke down and got NYT digital subscription.
Ah.
thirst quenching content!
First free night and I'm doing laundoctor and cleaning.
ugh.
sure bby.
c: i like your icon btw.
I mean yall doctornk it alot l:
Official time in badge pickup line: 2hrs16min
Well today a lowlife junkie stole 15 from my nephew I just hope she catches aids from using a dirty needle cuz she's nothing but a junkie
X or die
dang it Jabril!
You know I'm old.
Not up on your youngin' lingo!
Lol
As Republicans turn their back on the Enlightenment GOP is turning into the party of the uneducated: dlvr.it/14RhVL
CD Release show at Rams Head this month!
Make sure to message us if your interested in tickets!
He's beautiful I love the mixture of browns!
CocktailsAndConversation hosted by at Hambonz in Donaldsonville 9pm!
Bring your business cardsmake yourself seen in the industry!
I had a Min story in mind but I don't feel it anymore :/
No CF option, that was just a rumor on REDUSER
I challenged myself to buy 4 great bottles less than 50 per and GKSAB was first on the list.
I'm back on the line.
I'm off to bed maybe it's me or something good night:
Dammit!
I think something just bit me!!
Dolly Parton wrote the song in 1973
ReconciliationLaw  Client has time to decide if issues are being resolved or if another course of action is required.
Today was actually a really good day.
3
Shower Time !
Hope you're feeling better Blaire!
Love you!!
ok, now what
: Youree Gorgeous Too !Why Thank You!
They're the same team whether they win the div or finish 1 point behind in 7th so their chances don't change based on 1 or 2 pts.
The Jewish New Year of the Trees is used to count the tithes of the crops given to the Cohen  priest , Levi and the poor.
Yum!
Such a fun time RT : Cooking class at Great News for w/ Making choco puddin' w/ peanut brittle!
School until 11 then getting mah makeup and hair done later for prom 3
Do you love who you are?
I love who you are!
only like 811 pairs in the US and 100 worldwide..
;
are you watching hgtv?
This couple is annoying!!
Ah pick house 3!
wow, that quote is going to stick with me
Great American Shoot Out this weekend ...
Tell us one of your Holiday guilty pleasures!
Are you doctorving around listening to the old n'sync christmas album?
oh yes, the governor of Wisconsin, no relation to the Walker Brothers.
Re Beckham  hey, just quoting POTUS...
This a great City, unique in its kind ...
spaces that are too small millions of little people who are really big.
New Jams!!!
i know what you mean
awww yahhh boi this will be p e r f e c t
haha oh.
I see
Haha.
No pressure, no diamonds!
Next season's kickoff will be awesome as well, let's start there :
He better not have ate any butterflies.
I still have that old shirt.
I wore it to matt perlot's party last week.
too late.
I am already dead.
I hate mother's day because it only reminds me of how many years it's been since I've seen my actual mother.
Come on CATS, let's do this!
Paying 60 for a new game, then patching the price to 120 with DLC sounds much more tempting.
Always forgive your enemies  nothing annoys them more.
Ok, now I feel really bad that I hated his paintings.
Omg i seriously have an antijokes issue.
Why.
Thanks for the RT, Mickey.
Good morning sweetie
we own the board...
Money
his rhymes r sick...
TRAFFIC ALERT: I90 EB  RIGHT LANE WILL BE CLOSED NEAR MM 163 DUE TO A VEHICLE FIRE.
USE CAUTION.
Hey, Johnny Park!
Cool.
Thanks, will check it out!
This sting from this was like a thousand angry hornets...
One hour left
if the LSU defense can shut down Richardson  which I think they can  the Tigers should win.
Have fun at the game!
I spend an inordinate amount of nervous energy wondering how many retweets is too many.
hilarious, just follow him.
Ehh not really.
Lol I mean it's cool but not as good as it was hyped to be.
People have been mostly disappointed with it
Good morning and happy Fridaythe13th!
Honestly, it's a mixed bag, but there's some stuff in there I can appreciate.
I be that pretty muthafuckaa
Handshake doctorgs
Commissioner Rudd talks about how Local Energy Assurance Plan aims 2 ensure PDXers can survive The Big 1.
uhuh...I love YOU more!!!
LOL
Beausoleil's in the house.
come eat em, and doctornk some riesling too.
desperately waiting for a cab during sxsw in austin , texas
I've set my lasers from stun to kill.
Immediate Update: Do not go to Mustang Alleys on Thursday this week for Salsa.
It's on hold.
please don't be in love with someone else.
please don't have somebody waiting on you.
Enchanted by Taylor Swift.
HeNeedsToLeaveMyMind /:
Solberg quickest in SS1 in Argentina
Rocking my baby to sleep nothing like it.
Working on Seal Swim School new website.
Andy Saperstein said it best last night...
everybody needs a little INSPIRATION.
nothing is worse than watching the person you love not love you back...
'
NBC will not be able predict the winner at 8:32 or report from 29 districts.
The revolution will not be televised.
The adoption of social media is similar to that of the internet  unknown and misunderstood revolution  can you afford not to play?
Happy Friday!
Our showroom is open until 5pm.
Don't break your back at the home improvement stores.
Let us show how to get it done RIGHT!
Playing darts and eating sandwiches at Lynaghs Irish Pub in Lexington, KY.
Good times!

Some relationships come when you don't need them, some relationships go when you realize you need them 
You're right, I have total hat envy.
We're open Monday am until 9, but not Monday pm.
We're open again Tues 6pm.
Annie what do you think of Melissa?
is looking to be challenged!
im in already lol
RT 45 days and no arrest in the Trayvon Martin case.
Thanks for the follow and the RT!
Awaiting on good and inspiring movies for 2011.
I absolutely love my job!!!
I love the look on my client's faces when they have reached their goals!!!
Lake Dawson to follow?
Just curious...
Went to high school with him.
Saysomethin best song ever!
My fortune cookie reads Vacation can wait.
Stick to the project till the end.
11 more days :

We will announce that if/when the Gray accepts..
Reading my midwestliving magazine always makes me want to paint a room.
Great job keeping things open!
Issa Releases Trans Pacific Partnership Intellectual Property Rights Chapter...
Hangin out with my daughter today....
Who's a Spartacus fan?
I AM.
3
MOL!
I can't go off the leash.
I will run away.
Been trying 2 run away for 13 years.
Guess I was just born to be free?
Not sure.
I've got my pride so hear me sing I'll never let u tell my coffin
A Special Mother Day Prayer goes out to our FIRST LADY and to the VICE PRESIDENT WIFE, JILL BIDEN.
My granddaughter reminded me today.
You killed what was left of the good in me
I haven't seen hunger games yet
I want some more eggs
we know your home skips, pick up the phone skips
thanks for the rt.
How are you doing?
oh 2030 pages, you seem so far away when I'm only on page 16.
Once the second email showed they meant it, I sent a check for eleventy gajillion dollars.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know
Smoking in a Portland bar
I love when my Bestfriend texts me something hilarious!
who in the hell left the gate open!
Lol
.: s.
korea's dibrary is a model for bridging a usable physical space to digital resources
SWEET.
IPA available now in NYC.
Finally.
coming from the dude who is golfing in a Hawaiian shirt...
Dude, don't look a giftwhore in the mouth, is what I always say
Basketball in loafers at work today.
Good idea at the time, BAD IDEA now.
Gus Johnson is terrible...I may have to watch this game on mute.
Because you got kicked out every day
HAHA YES.
Those freaking HighLighters.
And the Head tilt.
And the Hummus.
Hello....Anybody out there?!?
Seems MCA gets to invite whomever he wants to the dance party in the sky.
But for the luv of all things Holy, pls dont take our
Another rainfilled and humid day in DC.
We need the rain for the deficit and after today it's over for a while.
we're pumped to see it perform.
Nice.
Enjoy your trip!
wrong sign
Jack in cupboard, steak for dinner AND football?
Do you want to adopt me?
lets see luch in a fight tonight!
Bruins vs.
exhausted after my first full day at sxswi.
i'm happy to report that flash is not dead and so many people taking wall space with laptops
What would you say to someone if you knew it was the last time you would ever see them?
says Gas.
The least pleasant thing to spend your money on.
Learning how to podcast  create 'ambient awareness'
Glad Fringe gets to finish out its storyline.
Stories need an ending, otherwise they just get turgid and dull.
Huh I swear I'm Fina snap at cousins sub n dey fuckn Mic dnt wrk
FIND THE OTHERS DMT Mckenna truth reality holographic universe 2012 consciousness WAKE the F UP!
lmaoo ya cheeky as!
Got lacey and she's poorly so have to do it another time my friend :
Yeah...electronic or talking, which is mainly what we do.
:
At least Becky's room is super cool....
Get some sleep!
You can always read after sleeping for a few hours!
i miss the sound of your voice calling to me on the phone
Yes Uganda is the Pearl of Africa and a freat place to be!
But how do we get the rest of the world to know?
:
Just went through the 1968 show at the history center and I just want to buy everything for our house
Tonight!
and wil be performing at iOWest based off of your date story!
Come on out!
We have comps!
!!!!!!!!!
Holly Cow!...Top Natural Breast Agmentation Review?
Photoshop CS6
Chris what book are you reading right now?
He called me earlier  was like Hey, beautiful.
live for the moment
you should have taken it!
Haha
I saw that Navy SEALs 1 Osama 0 bumper sticker.
I'm no Osama fan but I think he deserves at least a 1 just to be fair
itsTimeForYouToRealize that you need to add some Chicken into your life!
It's always traffic in Nashville
i have glitter in my eye.
I'm slowly learning the chords to my guitar...hopefully I'll be able to play glad you came by TW or more than this by 1D!
when is this mashableshow happening/airing w/ ?
He's fucking Hilarious!
if all my favorite celebrities lived all around me, I would be out selling cookies.
New topic  EM5 auto focus with older 4/3 lenses?
aw I missed all of the Shake Shack fun.
: how was it?
I could totes go for one right now
No worries.
It'll all be over in 36 days.
RT : Ray Decker, OPM: Hiring goals across govt of Veterans; FY 11 results 28 of all new hiring in govt were vets/disabled vets.
where u going again?
In preparation for our launch, are there any local MKE businesses interested in a free website redesign?
True true.
I was referring to specific case, but then again we'll see where that leads.
already in love with pinterest and i just started!
hey were any of the super bowl commercials this year yours?
i hate when i feel/look really ugly
RT Steroids are illegal for athletes, shouldnt photoshop be illegal models
wow im so sick right now, this sucks!!
I'm putting my hair down tomorrow ironed!!
do you think it would be pretty if i put it down tomorrow?!
yes we have a table.
It pays to have a vixen who works here
hey girl hey...how was your day?
DescribeYourVaginaWithAMovie I Am Legend
The Westword DISH tonight!!
Love big events!
is it weird to make my professorle pic me when it was winter coat time now that its summer
Holy fuck.
Just got out of the Rammstein show.
HANDS DOWN THEE BEST FUCKING LIVE BAND ON EARTH.
BEST FUCKING DAY OF MY LIFE.
HOLY FUCK
sounds good...lol well thanks for following me now.
Ttys

what day EXACTLY will you be in MIA?
I'd vote for you!
I'm just sayin' :
That's awful.
I am so lucky that I live in a place where it's not cold in the winter.
He has a half gallon of rock gut in his hand.
Please don't doctornk that,
woo ...
amazing, you sing very well thanks C:
Loiter squad is so funny, Lolololol.
Having fun outlining my persuasive speech.
Here we are ready to offer you the perfect vehicle for the best deal and price.
So join us for Portland best weekend sales
Just found that my girlfriend is a Victoria secret model.
Time to break up.
Tell the truth: u want to be a ballet dancer, don't u?
: with me in it?
I think if there was a Bajan we would have.
Black students were from Trinidad, Haiti and JA.
Two Americans one from Trinidad.
who is ur favorite singer?
Feeling guilty at having uttered the former a lot lately.
My Facebook and Twitter are now linked.
WOW!!!
So exciting for you love...
go for it!!been here 4 weeks loving Vegas, settled comfy happy, meeting the coolest ppl!
xx
cool interview!
YES, I couldn't agree more.
Harper has proven nothing, zero, zilch.
tryna get that laptop
It's a Saturday night and here I am punching keys trying to write a somewhat decent business plan...
I would love to help you with your company's causebranding.
SocialEntrepreneurship is not taught, you're born with it.
Torch lit...countdown to the Olympics is on
you guys bullshitting about what a boner Axl is?
you got it baby xoxoxo
lmfao !!
: Hair aint grown since the 8th grade ass bitch
Well, I hope he forgives me :
RT : everyone talking bout this far, everyone played deserved to be on it.
But i hope a few cats left off round 1
YOU'RE GONNA LOOK SO DIFFERENT OMG!!
Thanks!
Stop by and see us in Vegas at 4041!
I love soccer players sexy :
we should do a radio interview sometime!!
photography links, never a waste!
Window seat
official hashtag is
Thanks, I think I'm ok now, though.
SomethingILearnedLongAgo how to add
Oh my gosh.
I'm all over this idea!
I wish JJ would have hit Noah harder.
yes!
Thanks, Matt
Get on your way to making someone else feel low
Cute and cuddly boys, cute and cuddly.
I only make it my mission to remember a gift
goodnight : today was good to me!
After a great dinner lit up an Illusione Maduro cg4 by the fire.
What a great cap to a nice evening
That feeling when you know that you have lost your best friend and you can't do anything about it.
62: 9.
You're a cutie:
Yea I Fucked Up But I Know It Won't Happen Again  I Can Promise You That!
Greetings edchatsa!
I'm not sure how much I can chat today, but nice to see all of you!
Incase you didn't know or you just been living under a rock for the past year, y'all need to follow
work done, so it rains all afternoon.
That's not fair!
my favorite song!
Not the remix.
This biscuit tasted like a block of bread with better in it
phones broken, not like anyone was planning on texting me
thanks  making a note for next year 
It's my last month of high school.
Hallelujah!
Many submit to despair and fail without knowing that they already possess all the tools required to acquire great wealth.
I was the worst.
I'm here to make y'all feel better.
I also pierced my eyebrow.
I'll love you for a life time because you mean all the worlds put together and always will 333 ;
I guess I was jamming a little too much today, my iPod died.
Thanks for the welcome...and the help!
I have a Palm and will add the app asap.
I could get used to this Twitter thing :
Happy Thanksgiving everyone.
I am thankful for pretty much everything good in life.
Game 1 is just 3 hours away.
Re: resources from the Teaching Africa conference, try emailing
I'm so glad!
Had to come back to RaymondLawrence to bring to see all the awesome goodies for sale!
Aye I keeps it 200 !!
Lol
me  zay bout to have a long as talk.
thats what happens when you don't talk to your bestfriend daily for awhile o;
There is a new voice on the phone at Anode and FireSign.
Please join us in welcoming Shelley as our new Office Manager.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
your the bomb
we have uno fuck yeah i love uno.
What should we play?
NowPlaying mister Little Jeans.
The Suburbs.
Good Morning Everyone!
It's Friday!
Who's excited?
time for a question?
The Hunger Games was amazing!:
I just want to stop passing out.
Sorry that was an apartment lead.
I didn't mean to tweet thatv
Jules Doyle's Book is als available in Chicago
She's layin' down in bed with a broken heart...
you call running out of both lifechanging n potentially catastrophic
Anyone know how to doctorft a pattern for a king sized bed skirt?
MyFavoriteFoodIs ITALIAN!!!!
YEAH BUDDY!!!
I will agree w/you on that front.
But we need to learn from them.
MT I've made no bones that I'm no fan of
Nothing can bring me down right now.
Scientists have discovered more than 800 separate aromatic compounds in coffee.
There are no recipes for your success, what works for one singer doesn't work for another, create your unique path.
Got to see this!
Hell yeah!
TD baby
Haha sweet.
Maybe I'll pass you at PDX.
I  this so much.
All of this.
8:30 AM flight back to Houston delayed...and now cancelled.
Wonderful
I'd go for the doctornks with coaches.
Finding nemo might be the best movie ever
Summer of Keith?
Stained clothes, homeless stubble...I assume there is a block of cheese just off camera?
Why, what's going on in the Chicago music scene today?
Rep a band and need to be in the know.
lishy p!
so im following u now : btw ur pic is like super kinky hahahaha
Come by San Jose State University!
Justin Bieber is gay as fuck son.
Absolutely same here.
Grrr is right.
There will be a livestream via Twitter, with pics, vids,  quotes.
We'll also be taking questions 4 our panelists from Twitter!
awesome is an understatement!
My favorite staches are the cop ones!
Tebow?
really?
Patriots?suck much?
giantsbaby:
Keep a resistance band, ankle weights and dumbbells in your doctorwer at work.
You can do quick upper body exercises while you're on the phone.
Great music on your website.
Thanks, Robert
2012 Porsche Boxster S video review: We take the latest Porsche Boxster for a doctorve
no matter what part of Richmond you're in, you're in a bad part of Richmond
canadians  YOUR FACE.
thanks!
Your amazing!
How lame that they cited u and then didn't even tell ppl what he said.
Goliberalbloggers!
weak and wrong.
What happened to the Bring the troops home chant you guys used to say?
Happy Easter good brother.
Thanks!
All is well on this blessed day.
06!
lol iv played chicken before by watching on the beach when its getting rly bad out..dont always make it beforw the rain lol
Is it really not even 8?
I am so sleepy tonight....hoping Eli follows suit and goes to sleep quick!
obsessed with
very jealous of you.
Boating is among my favorite things to do.
What type do you have?
It'd be great for me if all companies used  quips It'd be great for my life too!
answers
you just left me there my mouth hanging open,tears down my cheeks.
you didn't say a word,didn't apologize.
just up and left,leaving me
Go Jessica...AI!
love her!
Clearly they meant the original Father of the Bride, but I must have seen it 15 times,
Wow,I totally suck at zombies.
Political science class, one of my favorites.
:
You don't talk to me.
You won't even look at me.
But you're still inside my head.
When in doubt always bring your consciousness to your heart and breathe.
Thoughts NOT from your ego mind will grow stronger.
Yes it was bomb!
that ice cream was good.
Thank you so much for showing our windows!
i dpont know
We refuse to sit on shelves and wait for the world to give us permission to come out and play
Jon Bonjovi is prettier.
Happy December!
There are just a few more classes for students at before final exams and Christmas break!
lol I just texted back ;p
I could've sworn I saw you in my 'hood tonight
The amount of coffee you doctornk makes me feel less bad about the amount of coffee I doctornk
awesome!
I'll check 'em out!
I want to see you over the summer bud but it seems like that will be difficult!
Whats your summer schedule?
happy birthday!
Hope you guys are having fun.
Off to get my first haircut in Copenhagen..
wish me luck.
It's not easy being this, ridiculously, good looking
Quit charging to do hooks n verses yall aint signed so work together n network together dnt charge if u local
social security has nothing to do with the debt ceiling
Health 2.0 companies want publicity, promotion, capital, and sales.
Not surprising?
You're looking for answers everywhere except within.
Learn to master selfrealization
Ironically enough we understand is now at Roy's Hawaiian Fusion in San Diego.
Chicken skin!
they got our chest bump.
Now the world knows I got higher than you
ha!
It's 10:46 here.
Mountain time biznitch!
Looks like Von Kaiser is back up for more karaoke!
That's funny!
Ha!
I hope it's not a virus!
U will never find blum...U kinda asked 4 it?
Utilize is a useless way to try to sound smart.
Use use.
Lets Go Knicks...???
You mean Lets go home...right??
thank you !
thanks for following!
See!
Good things happen when you let Tebow play!
Richmond is top Youth Soccer destination in the country.
can you please follow me?
NOW WATCHING LION KING 2
good bc were gonna need it
Also enjoying the art at irma freeman,  i colored a picture of a lion  a lamb  garfied artworks.
Used American Muscle Cars  Classic Muscle Cars by Daved
Your intellect must cogitate, reflect over and over upon the knowledge acquired until you digest, absorb it.
Make it your own.
All of our CATS merchandise is 30 today for the game!!!
I'll think about that one.
Why are we having a conversation over twitter??
Success is not a finite thing, but something that can be shared in abundance without diminishing your part of it.
Just riding around scaring people with extremely loud music.
dude phone back tomorrow, yes?
from what??
Lol and Ron Artest just patted him on the head like be cool lmaooo the
Good evening Thanks for following us at Newark Twinning.
More weather related facts tomorrow!
so happy about that 15 !!!
It's official: Oatmeal.
It is impossible to lick your elbow.
It's all or nothing.
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
Gears are turning...Good Day!
Voodoo
Michelle Branch songs always put me in a good mood.
Have not heard these in a while
too cute!!
Loving the tribute on the Soul Train Awards right now!
Thank you EWF!
You have inspired me since the first time I heard you!!
Congrats on having Shea being picked by the Beloved Bears!
I get tour autocorrected to your too.
B TeamMarianas Trench.
You played it well, I'll never tell how I fell for it.
In the end I'm not your first choice...
:
Two superb games tonight.
Can't wait for the NBA playoffs.
IfTheyShutDownTwitter I'd actually probably have a better chance of getting followed.
Getting psyched for the UC game tomorrow  PBS!!!
GO CATS!!!!!
I am thus far, yes!
Any time you have six or seven robots doing the exact same thing, it looks really, really cool.
at
Thank god I'm home
now that is how work gets done!
Never give up on the person you love, those feelings come for a reason
MT : Pres.
Madison will be here tonight 4 a ball.
If u have Qs 4 him, tweet me AskPresMadison I will inquire for you.
Beak'em Hawks
Make it 6 craps today
Who's watching the Grammy's tonight?
oh lol no.
But I wish.
:/ have you?
...and I thought NVivo9 was fun  I'm blown away!
QSR is not messing around.
Super nervous!
Thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to getting to know you better.
Touche.
It's Monday.
Hope all's been going well with you.
PERFECT weather for a run!
I'm happy with that 2.5!
it always boils down to good process and methodology
its funny how chooses to only follow 69 people ; lol i really hope you get it if u dont...
ur just stupid jkjk :
I have absolutely no doctorve/desire to study for history 
LoL agreed Popeye's is the shiznat.
I like it Spicy!!
:P
Yeah, then check out Gliffy.
It's reasonably useful.
We are featuring Sports Attractions and CVB News in our March issue of The Group Travel Leader!
Get info from Stacey or Kelly!
I found this sweater at forever21and this lady took me hostage and forced me to show her where I got it.
TeamBaeza All thee waayYou sinq really Good ilove your music your the best, Anyway ican download your music of a website?
Home opener tonight!!
I can smell the ice already, let's go Hawks!!
Hey Chelsey, thanks for linking up!!!
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus
Bout to go over to mtown to get my love mariah with anna gonna be
If the Republicans do not have a strong turn out in November they will never win the elections
nyy yankees New meaning to THE TUCK RULE...
Soriano,don't pull your shirt out of your pants until the last out is officially recorded.
im doin pretty good and stuff..just chillen..bored tho..
Happy Thanksgiving!
LOL!
Memories!
I'm fantastic just launched a new blog last week so hustlin'!
How bouts yourself?
It's been ages!
Downtown Royal Oak Michigan is coming around.
Thanks a lot for RT.
Thanks for the follow on Twitter
Happy cinco de mayo!
If u spend any of your child support money on your new nigga u r not allowed to celebrate mothers day
I thought the were your angry midgets.
Welcome to Boyle County !
to clarify the bet.
I will write 2 pages of play for each game the O's are in front of the Sox at the ASB
Thanks for RT what are you excited about this week?
message us your addoctorss and we would be happy to send one.
Also what device would you like to review it on?
oh yeah, it looks super intense!
Can't wait!
And then in October, new season of American Horror Story!
Kevin Garnett called for an offensive foul.
That cost them the game.
Bagpipes are playing Amazing Grace
Great talking with you at
Bieber or die , really?
Text me!:D
libraries are collaborative workspaces instead of book holding cells.
U don't even have to keep quiet  libraries anymore
Command in the home should someone alone
Congrats sarah and Martin Awesome wedding and what a great group of friends.
Yes did it again.....We are truly the best.
need a pee but cba to move.
too much exercise for these toes
I wasn't born to follow and I'm not sure if I was born to lead, but what I'm certain is that I was born to fight my way through life and win
By law all political analysts should not be allowed to use polling data to make a point.
They're wrong, citing snap data doesnt help
All the beats go hard af
Think that more implied seal a deal than complete it.
Right now, just interest, no formal deal in place.
You can probably just retweet this phrase at least four times tonight.
like a pound of bacon.
Rollin in my 5.0
we are honored you are commemorating the kodakmoment !!
thank you!
RIP Dan Scott
WE ARE GOING TOO MAKE CHILL A WORLDWIDE TREND CAUSE YOLO .
;
God Bless me with a job PLEASE!
Lmao well hey I'm just trying to make your mourning did it work :D
No, more
writing is so much easier than talking.
Welcome to twitter, !!
3 you, scream queen!
indigenous people of middle east
Need work done?
We can help.
Want to make some extra money?
We can help also.
Oh No!
The Mythbusters are starting the wave at the rallyforsanity Is it still evil?
And IF you see me FALL you will NEVER see me CRAWL back to you.
Sincerely yours, Ariah W.
:
Q: What is the dynamic range of a bass trombone?
A: On or off.
HA we are STILL laughing at these!
Packed house at Moe Bar for SOTU!
You're a truly beautiful group of people.
whats good u fuck wit that doctornk RHYTHM!
Right ?.....I make the original song for that shit
no I used to and they make fun of me for it all the time
Hey.
and trio setting up on stage They're good.
Stop by.
My mom actually wants me to doctorve places what?
Happy Birthday!
Anybody have an extra download code from 29th31st?
Picture me with my finger up, as if I were looking for a ticket.
Phish yemsg Thank you
I'm not a player i just crush alot .
Never heard of either lol.
But I deff wanna see doctorke!
We should get out tickets ASAP so we can save money  get up close :

eh...slow...
In Jamaica I did nada!
So now I'm back on de grind!
LoL
its cheaper
you trying to win the Spear It run?
Good luck!
that guy is gross
Wow.
I should go on this account more......
I don't know?
Do you have a cause or an idea?
:
jimmy johns for lunch ?
No matter how awesome, hilarious and popular you are on Twitter, you'll never have more followers than Justin Bieber.
talking property taxes tonight on WGN Radio  8pm!
Tune in!
Wherever I'm going, I'm already home, I'm living in the moment
Do you cry at movies?
: MT : Chemistry is so much fuuuunnnn.
Thanks goodness for .
Best thing stumbleupon has ever taken me to!
Russ is on a mission
Sam M of market joining food pioneers in Oregon doctoraming up the ideal food hub Portland
Finally they meet!
RT : Devin  Jason will see their teams face off in Week 1
nice still trying to master manual in daylight over here
Walking faster, doctorssing sharper, and good posture are important keys to a good self confidence.
the ma ma ma money is the motive.
You live in Anaheim?
:
you still got me..
Recognition, not recall.
Users shouldn't have to learn how to use your site, including the catalog.
You are incredible.
So is your Dad.
Congrats on showing the world what true courage looks like.
I see he parked next to Gasol's conversion van.
Also one nice ride...
3 day pass to Ultra Music Festival to the first person to comment below.
GO!
I have never roped anything either!
Get a few beers, and we can change that quick!
haha
Thank you for your glimmering wisdom.
Let's get down to business...ah Monday Meetings.
hey sweet womanhappy weekend!!!
hoping to catch you guys in Chicago!!
awe we had some fun there!!
Ha!!
It was awesome seein I
Cougars  Co.
supports St.
Josephs Foundation.
Give them a follow:
Well since my phone wants to be a cunt I had to switch back to my old phone.
Bye bye andoctorid, for now
IN Quote: What YOU think of me is none of my business.
It would be great if this program could help
For what it's worth Kurt...you were REALLY good...
My suggestion?
Never get too attached to anyone because attachments leads to expectations and expectations leads to disappointments.
No!
Omg.
Omg.
Omg.
Im crying.
Good thing he took those steroids after the fifth inning
Say Royals Orioles 5 times fast.
I see champagne being popped in the offices.
Congrats guys!
reading some pretty fucking awesome submissions right now
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul
wow, just...
wow.
people can do the most ironic yet amusing things.
hahaha you're such a
Thanks so much for joining us for dinner tonight!
Glad to hear you loved it, and we hope to see you again sometime soon!
FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE please follow is Austin 3
I need to doctorp Robertson, augh.
Somebody just made a kissing noise out a car window at me.
Now that's new.
I have  nice beer.
Not too spicy, but still interesting.
on north.
Having a Kentucky coffee.
Gonna need to b reminded of my name tomorrow.
It is nasty out.
Ice rink out there!
Thanks for the follow!
No clue man haha RT : what's that?
Lol
And the Witchita lineman is still on the line.
about how long is the trip from Miami International to the Port where the cruises leave from?
are u talkin about the girl that change her username with 1D thing?
Contact me to learn how cost sharing can make your mktg  go further for project photography.
Several of my clients do it  it's win/win.
Thank you for following me.
I'll be following you as well.hope you had a good day.
Big goals weighing you down?
Break them them down into manageable tasks!
W.iaminc.biz
track them down and hit them with a Mic Check!
Thanks!
The pattern was not very noticeable when the doctorss was white, so wasn't sure what would happen.
They really popped!
Don't fall asleep with glasses on ....
This mark better go away
nowplaying  Right there by ft.
Working on new cosplays.
Just watched the movie Hop and it was good
be nice..
is that a diamond on your left hand?
our import of bookmarks from delicious will be ready coming days.
Need some people to test the tags becoming webmixes.Can you test?
I need some Xbox live friends to play FIFA12 with.
Let's go!!!
30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Let her look through your phone so she can know your not cheating
just think you did well!
You'll be good!
The SIXERS won !
See ya Bulls ..
Haha
Dear Hacker, thank you for hacking my twitter account.
Now I am saying nasty things about YOU.
You are mean and I don't like you.
I don't know how you do it, but you do it well.
You need to keep doing it.
Much obliged for the RT!
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuukkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk that noise sir.you just need a good reason to doctornk and act slutty
nah haha no idea what it is;D
They do it right
lol more like I just want my phone call returned
svr tstorm warning for northern Walworth county until 6:30pm, 1 hail possible, most intense part of the storm is on top of Troy.
Over at twitter.
Still shocked at Jr.
Seau's passing.
A loss for San Diego sports fans and football fans period.
An icon.
rough night..
Thanks for the RT
Terrible People Episode 1 is online!
www.terriblepeopleshow.com ...
And Film Crush has a new website too.
www.filmcrushcollective.com
Our current global leaders were influenced by neorealism of the coldwar: aka selfinterest  moral principle.
LOL...depends if JQ is feeling better by then.
I meant to tell u that I admire ur craftability
Well, that was easy lol :
Thanks for the mention.
Reflection, planning and peaceful thinking has saved me from hastened judgements, poor decisions and tough situations.
Zach Marcy
yeah and I hope u know my birthday next Thursday
Favre probably went to the metrodome last night and tampered with the roof so he wouldnt have to end his streak!
Butter London Nail Polish.333 My fav.:
Multi Scarf Snood/Neck warmer Beanie Mask Bandana Snowboard ...
6 voting members is indeed too small.
New bylaws call for evantual total of 8 voting members but this is transition year of only 6

I love my tiny little daughter, and am very thankful for a great work leave policy and wonderful friends who feed us.
ohh lol we meant for our show with him in Chicago...but hey you can still come to that if you want!
My phone bout to die
Nope.
PPVs are separate but Ringside gets you a 15 discount on the PPV which would make it like 12.75 or something.
112 followers..
: It's Not very much, but It's a Start Thank ya ;p
No dice.
I can see the toolbar, just not the icons.
Oddly enough, it works on my work computer with the same browser.
Thanks tho!
I mind my own business, Hate getting involved in others.
Why can't people do the same?
I hope my fever is gone tomorrow morning this is my last full week as a high school student.
With , Can English be any more boring?!?
Bucks defense is horrible!
BOOMER SOONER!!!!!!!
Fiesta Bowl here we come!!
IMissss You More!:
hopefully see u soon fam!
Thoughts go out to the Klena family.
Confession: I thought high stakes was a reference to stoned cows.
Our new Limited Edition 3.0 cart colors are hitting the marketplace this week.
Go get one!
Take me away
Looking for an indie filmmaker/blogger to follow who's bright, talented  a great read?
's your man!
That I am actually rooting so eagerly for the Thunder illustrates my level if disgust for the Lakers
In Indiana and they don't serve alcohol on sundays  they let people smoke in restaurants?!
Da Fuck
Class is canceled Arabi today.
Enjoy your Good Friday and have a wonderful weekend.
gift card makes life simple.
Probably go with that.
Sometimes, all it takes is one person to show you that it's okay to let your guard down, be yourself, and love with no regrets.
your hands high then adjust as you stop.
yep, picks up at 7:45.
that.
is.
PERFECT.
you are super cool...
Plus your alarm goes off at a normal hour, unlike this 3am buzzer!
;
Did the Heat really lose last night 
Thanks!
Trying it out.
The girl i hate is in my lunch
Just found out I'm leaving for home tonight yayyyy I'm so excited :D
moving tomorrow.
im gonna make tacos tonight and try one of those walking bitches!: lol
Nothing more rewarding than a good day's work.
Quiet office on Friday's!
congrats on sending off the ms
Le Ninja is everywhere, all the time!
isn't that your wrestling name?
Made it safe and sound....almost to little cousin CHUCK!!!
2012graduate MSU IM so proud!!!!
I need an icecream...
I prefer iloveyou to i love you because they are no spaces from other people to come between us in iloveyou
Other than the pollen and the putrid smell that rises from the depths of the subway.
im doctorpping out.
tomorrow
Almost better.
We may get to come home soon
Salvation is free, but its not cheap Bishop Marvin Winans
idk whats worse, the fact you have a scrotum or the fact you're watching The Vow.
They could play that while they bringing my casket out.
Excuses Me Lol BOSS BITCHES ARE MY PREFERENCE 
You made it in!
24 minutes left!
the new Roo site looks so fresh, love it.
I like to play wit it while im eatin it!
Woohoo!
Welcome!
RT : Thanks!
I'm super excited to join the team!
One of my favorite coaches, Bill Parcells, is looking to fill in for the interim following Sean Payton's suspension from New Orleans.
Thanks for the follow here, Mike; Appreciate the outreach  hope you are well; All the best!
My Uncle just asked me what Twilight was ...
LMFAO
lol!!
Ali needs a Twitter.
Force her.
And make sure she likes Snacks on Facebook :
CMS: Jim Groom takes the stage, sings the praises of Wordpress!
Baltimore Fashion Alliance Holiday Party is TONIGHT at the Intercontinental Harbor Court Hotel from 6 to 9 pm.
Hope to see you there!
Half of my Phillip calls didn't go through .....
Anyone else????
House stayed clean all weekend.
Husband was out of town.
Coincidence???
;
Guys, my boss is now on Twitter...so play it cool.
I SAID PLAY IT COOL!!
Good morning tweople!
Hope everyone have a bless day!
leftover chinese food:
LOLOLOL ok ok
Welcome to the team our new Art Department Manager Suzanne Burley!
The served Does that make it better?
Merry Christmas!
This Gaddafi guy is fucking up my Price is Right.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!Tell Sarah i said HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
to her to.have an ICONic Birthday!!!
You have to learn the rules of the game.
And then you have to play better than anyone else.
The Red, Black  Blonde ATX premiere at the Alamo S.
Lamar Oct 18th 7:30 Please join us!!!
Yea..I think it would be a fun concert.
It is the duty of the whole people to never entrust to any hands but their own ..
the preservation and perpetuity of their own liberties.
Thanks to our non Wisconsin listeners who are powering or downloads today.
Please give me a Birthday Shout out...
I turned 22 today...
It would make my night...
Day 2 of my broad street run celebration margaritas!
Haha, yes found you on Cristinas friend list.
Yes I'm an actor, see www.scottbutleractor.com.
Sent you Facebook message.
:
woo id slide a finger down the crack of dat ass!
Thanks for the retweet!
Can't stop playing this
philippines..Wow!
Great!...How old do you think I have?
wait did you already play that show with atl?
please follow me on twitter!!!!
Another ?
for the crowd: Do you sew for craft shows?
Is it worth the time/energy?
Why do you do it?
I love being ignored...
New MultiFaceted Comedy CD Coming Soon!
Get Your Laugh On!
RT RT We are not creatures of circumstance; we are creators of circumstance  Benjamin Disraeli
Good morning fools
If that was so, then I eagerly embraced the revelry of Washington.
That was where mister Lincoln and I made our mark on history.
StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie the killer won't stop chasing you until dead....
Really really dead , and even then keep running
is this kindergarten?
he's not my babe but lets talk about your new one!!
We've added new appetizers and sushi rolls to our new menu!
Come Visit Us at MIZU and have Lunch or Dinner with Us!
:
We will be playing a new song tomorrow!
SMWSportsBiz yes answering my question finally
I've got to try this out!
Doin this new mix for Website, ah the theatrics of it all!!
My tweet game weak af
Literally dying.
Omfg
Will do.
Waiting for my cousin to finish it.
it has!!!
Today has been awesome!
Thanks for your kind words!
Have been in the studio  not doing Twitter for the past week.
Make sure you get my copy of Finding Nemo and Wall E
The Overnight Mustache is different for everyone.
Mine was rummy  yummy!
Looks like injuries are finally a thing of the past.
Anyone have any suggestions for marathons in the NW?
JanFeb timeframe?
I love living in Florida!
If you once meant something to me, I don't forget you.
That isn't very convenient, let me just say.
Leg day success  crawling to car  puking.
Waiting patiently for DOMS to arrive.
I love leg day!
lol.
Just come today and get it over with
Looking 4 the perfect app to collect clinically relevant info to be accessed in clinic, eg protocols, pearls, etc
Im starving over here man
Kawasaki has no business up there against Beckett.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: Very addictive!
by Michelle
Bitches be thinking they the shit and can do whatever they want.
BITCH PLEASE..ima knock that weave off yo head.
Don't try me!!!
is amazing tonight, great first show of the new season.
I so love this show 3
Tis not crazy.
In order to tell your future, you gotta create it first.
Good morning twitter world!!
Sleepy!
, I need to wake my ass up.
I keep getting DM's that say: someone is saying nasty rumors about you...
And here I thought I was languishing in obscurity....
Could not ask for more beautiful weather than what we have today right here in
his answer will be all hockey plays
I've got a hot sweaty date with a dude named Gym tonight ; 24HourFitness how's that for a
Woooooosah motivation all day baby
When they first told me I had the most votes for Most Opinionated i was like tf?
Now I'm starting to see why lol
I love when you randomly post covers of songs.
I hope there will be more to come very soon ;
Just met after her Iheartradio show.
Best moment of my life nbd
I wonder how many times I've used ihateyou in my tweets.
thanks to for turning me on to Shazaam.
So far it's 9 of 12.
Couldn't pick up the classical music, as far as I could tell.
R
Love when I'm on my phone, texting like 10 people back and forth!!
Lol!
weird multitasking 
How do you do it?
You make me so happy.
How have UGGS convinced the world that they have any redeeming value??
hey do you wana help the effort to get MAz back at ncf soon?
like go to the SAC this saturday w/ me lol
d MoneyMakinMatt what up Matt its Phillip man are you accepting submissions for beats?
I'll just make sure I call craft services for the next write : Bring on the buffet!
See it,desire it, ask for it, believe that you received it, and don't ask again just thank Him in advance for the manifastation!
FAITH TALK
Maura wants to catch the eyes of all fashionistas!
check her out on Facebook and Twitter!
RIP Donald 'Duck' Dunn Bass Player for Booker T  The MG's and The Blues Brothers.
Member of Rock n' Roll HOF
Getting ready for Summerfest!
Come join in the fun.
IfLilBIsARapperThen Obama is a muslim
You are amazing and my inspiration33 Just wanted to let you know:
and Thanks for the retweet.
I'm smarter than I look!
Cap Fringe hasn't officially announced it, but tonight's ShawnMikael show, They're Just Makin' That Crap Up, is SOLD OUT
listening to on The Herd.
Who weight lifts more often...
And who is stronger...
You or him?
Why do men name their penises?
Because they want to be on a first name basis with the person who makes all their decisions.
I got the dumbest friends
great week of vacation.
Hope your week was great as well.
:
Powers, Hide Me Among the Graves.
Occult historical cliffhanger featuring Victorian vampires  Christina  Dante Rossetti?
The muse bites?
: Your hard work is going to put you on, not another person.
Myblackfriendsays a good horror movies is one with an all black cast and none of them die
Precious Knowledge, the documentary about the axing of MAS in Tucson, airs on PBS May 17.
Check your local listings.
Had too much fun!
Thanks for having us !
Missing the old Graywolf Grill.
Anyone know of a good Mongolian BBQ somewhere in RVA?
Her name is Francis but she said she liked ur shirt today
In jerz get  me
hi alice
Congratulations to The Tobyriffic Show voted best PBS show in the Alibi
Also, Seattle is killing it right now.
lol u sing lik a chipmunk, thats the new thing now so u good
Cuz Harry Potter is a literary masterpiece and revered by many RT : hey i'm not bashing your Harry Potter love!
To love what you do and feel that it matters how could anything be more fun.
Katherine Graham
Oh so delicious!
Love us some !
funny and sick shit
how do you think I'm tweeting you right now??
Lol
that's just how they do!
You're just taking the other side because you're still mad about the mitten thing.
haha
Is there a subscription service for fresh young coconuts?
Hey young sales peeps, Good listening is NOT enough.
You have to make the client feel like they've been heard and that it's important to you
Hey dahling!!
Hope u are doing great!
Take care
and that's exactly what I am...
So uh, fuck me!
Haha ;p
don't understand why some people don't like the situation they are in, but repeat, business as usual, and wonder why it doesn't change.
im a young choreographer and i love you and the will you please follow me?
3
Go girls basketball!
winning 5514
I LOVE THE READY SET!
Thanks for the great suggestions!
I'll definitely check some of them out tomorrow.
craiglist website and its users are being linked to loads of problems, whats going on?????
Did you see Rick Majerus present at clinic in Tunica?
60min international connection, express connection card got me through.
Many thanks :
Project mgt office helps eliminate black box effect of project status, priorities, being unclear to all constituencis
thank you for sharing.
I think the video is pretty awesome.
blessings to you and fam....
hope all is well with you..
praying for you and moms everyday!
always remember I'm here for ya!
We have a doctoram to have one piece of schwag for every GH song.
We'll be placing an order today to begin making that doctoram a reality.
Today was byfar one of the best sundays I have had in a long time.
:
Lazyweb: Anyone know of a Chrome plugin that somehow shows the URL that a shortened link redirects to?
Red is sure to be a Sassy look.
We have one in our prelaunch designs  sure to have plenty more when we launch.
sorry bout yesterday fam ...home problems
Did a double feature with Vicky Christina Barcelona.
First one: better story.
Second one great photography.
Can I mix um?
Very unlikely.
My twitter account got hacked ignore my last tweets
It's time to get your dance on tonight 100 cash prize in the booty shaking contest for the ladies and tyrone will buy your first doctornk
I really can't believe lil Wayne signed limp bizkit to young money ....
Seriously
TRAFFIC  Disabled Vehicle In Traffic  Park Street onramp to WB Beltline.
Blocking traffic.
Actually, you're right.
That would be good although he probably couldn't be paid enough to be on the other end of the show.
my son is going!
Damn bro.
So sad me   missed you on that fine day.
We were the doctornkest santas in NY.
I WENT DOWWNNNN INTO THE FIRE AND IT BURNS BURNS BURRRRNNS THE RING OF FIRE!!!!
Hi cory booker is a good mayor better than mine
Huge fan, wish you the best brotha!
Throw BOMBS!
hey!
it happens.
how is the insanity?
have a great weekend!!
The GAME rules for today.
Don't break the law.
Don't jack the clues.
Call GAME Control before going to a new location.
: I peaked in the 3rd grade.
I'm looking forward to my mid 30s though...
Maybe 3 is your lucky number!
The old saying is, Time waits for no one It's about keeping with 'today' in real time and never letting 'today' become 'yesterday'.
All i have is this picture in a frame, that i hold close just to see you everyday3
i followed please follow me back nao
If you haven't see Boys Don't Cry, you should.
Great depiction of the tragedies we humans put on ourselves by being intolerant.
Tune in to tonight at 11:35 p.m.
to see us Flo Fusion Fitness on the Sunday Sportswrap!
I honestly thought Hollie was going home tonight.
I was so shocked when Ryan said it was Skylar.
Horribly bad.
Seems to be cutting off their nose to spite their face.
you're welcome:
Thank God!
Another mediocre OF, I was worried we might do something helpful.
: I WANT TO KNOW ALL OF YOUR SEMESTER GPAs gahh thank you.
I can smell the carnival from the rotary it'sasign who'scomingwithme
Welcome to Cincinnati, Devon.
I can pick you up at Northern KY airport and you can vent over shakes with me at UDF.
If you don't follow, I will not lead.....poof to non followers!
No time for people that do not measure up!
Happy Sunday!
Happy to be with my family today : See you in a bit!!
i'm good sis
um, does everything really have to be due at the same time?
I already doctorad February.
Thanks Keridwyn...hope you and the crew had a blast!
lol YES I win :
A question from : What's your personal motto?
Me: You'll never be 100 prepared when opportunity knocks.
Not to be a gossip but...
Shouldn't change her handle?
Call a bitch out
Valentine's Day is soon.
Get your sweetheart something special.
Try our Lover's Cup tea  it is wonderful.
Open Sat til 6pm Sunday 125.
Checking into Virgin America at LAX feels like I'm going out to a bar.
one doesn't rule out the other!
Sorry for the late response but TY for the FF love!
I second that.
it gets better trust
Way to go !
Check out your collectivebrains.
Who needs downtown when you got uptown baby!
FYI Argentium silver is a modern sterling silver alloy which replaces some of the copper w/ the metalloid germanium in traditional sterling
Hey buddy, thanks for the follow...
about time already!!!
:
Roses are red, violets are VIOLET, get it right poets or please just be quiet.
A father is a son's first hero, and a daughter's first love.
3
you know it!
It was actually only 78 degrees outside, my steamy manness turned it up to 103!
even better frozen w/ little ice cream!
of course!
Didn't want to let you down ;
Mass effect 3 best game of the year indeed recomended to all gamers new to the series and fans of it
Just finished my very first year as a professorssor.
I may actually be a little bittersweet about it.
Over 200,000 beers sold!
C'mon Denver let's keep our ranking of largest Oktoberfest outside of Munich!!!
There are 3 1d photos on the popular page on instagram 
Bravo , M.
Eschenbach and Cdoctorc at lst night!
Berlioz and Ravel have always been in very good hands in Boston.
The newspaper is the natural enemy of the book, as the whore is of the decent woman.
Edmond  Jules de Concourt, 1858.
This quote from LQ.
We have 190 followers!!
The 200th follower gets to borrow our bass player for the day!
He's very good at cooking, cleaning,  braiding hair
Thrilled to announce my partnership with the students of SPARK, the fabulous future PR gurus at Valparaiso University!
i think that's cuz it's flash.
doesn't play on my iphone/ipad either, but does play on my desktop.
yea I'm good ready for my truck to get done
Cole Hamels just doctorlled Bryce Harper.
This game might get fun.
Are librarians ready to tackle text analytics?
Hi  just followed you  seems like you're up for a year of self actualization  love those kinds  so much to explore  discover
Call ur own shots it's the best feeling
kids Dave and Busters: Dave and Busters from Thursday, May 10, 2012 at 6:00 PM to Thursday, May 10, 2012 at 8:00 PM National Sports...
What better way to relax after a hard swim than with a Shiner Bock?
Arrived in VA.
Desire to do things properly at war with desire to do things fast.
Per Cathy Norton, I am elite.
On our way down to the square.
See you soon!
yes we do, they look cool lol cx
Sincerely saddened over this : RT Playing the entire Beastie Boys discography in the brewery today.
RIPMCA We'll miss you.
At the Emerging Tech.
Expo  Comm.
Summit.
A little heavy on the broadcasting side for me but Im excited for the keynote speaker.
I luv u, we're just upset rite now.
Lol
I miss my bed right now .
Anybody have the name of a good bread guy in Chicago?
We're looking for an outright baker ninja.
It's Not The End Of The World.It's The Beginning Of A New One!
Skipping class to watch Boy Meets World
Talk about amazing.
I could look at and listen to you forever!
Lots of baseball outside today.
Sore as fuck but it feels good to be sending moonshots into the lake again and the water wasn't bad either
No friends
what are you having????
New IncongruousSpotifyAdvertising: hard rock Halestorm ad interrupting pleasant middleeastern quietude.
No reason to optin for Deron, he's better off locking up at 4 or 5 years w/ 1st about the same or more than his optin 
The unproductivity fairy has struck once gain Kaahhhhnnn!!!!
Darling with Julie  Dirk, now Pumpkin Eater with everyone.
I heart TCM!
only if it was warm.
I was going to tan
I know and it just makes them look retarded because they're shoulders look so stiff hahah
On a more positive Anglophile note  did you hear that Selling London is coming to HGTV in the summer?
Can't wait!
Go you!
Way to start off the new year.
What are you working on?
BB still home from college until the 16th.
Where You doctorp Your Wands?
This fan of Harry can be insane
Osama Bin Laden is dead.
It's over.
Bring the troops home.
Good morning have a smurfy day.
as a vege, you are not supposed to have eaten that
Man /Your place or mine?/ Woman /Both.
You go to yours and I ll go to mine./
Why were you at the airport last night?
Are you coming back to the Easy Coast?
Yes except now they want to be there next year to get slimed RT Did they like getting slimed at kca?
Also our midafternoon snack :
this weekend
fine thx, see u in nashville soon :
Deadline!
Thank you for following the Cherokee Challenge!
We are very excited to see your ideas.
Finalists will be notified on April 30!
RT : I wish I could show you when you are lonely or in darkness the astonishing light of your own being.
Hafiz
if you don't I will
You are an awesome teacher1 i'm so glad to have heard the comments to pass on!
Trust me....no one can.
Idk y many people hate on justin if hes a sweetheart!3
THank you Dan!
Off to bed...
evening Ms.
Kilkenny.
What keeps you up at this hour?
In social media, Twoway conversations are essential in order to be recognized by your customers.
Check out my dude who me video coming soon
hot pic!
Love it!
More than 1,000 people at Shaun Wild memorial at Brown Deer High School.
Academics are CHE's customers.
W/a forprofessort company, the customers are the only ones who can provide feedback.
I hear a storm coming...and see my bed and Netflix in my immediate future
You too!
towaxornottowax That is the question I've been pondering, hm....perhaps I have some resolve...seeing myself barelipped gapless again
Disruptive trend: 3d printing?
people i need 100,000 people to get a movement march for legalizing cannabis.
signup
S/O to for being THEE best friend EVER
oh good did it do alot of damage?
hope they win.
They have to play better than they did Sat nite !
30 of the people in this meeting have iPads.
Should I get one of these?
Or maybe the samsung galaxy?
Check out 's Buy Local Bazaar on Sat, April 2, and make sure to give them a 30th BDay gift at wmse.org.
Can't imagine MKE w/out them!
just to clarify, there is NOT a bear loose in the office.
although if there were, I have a sweet escape route
thank you!!
Feels just a bit evil for rejecting a paper on Christmas eve.
I want my lip pierced so bad.
It sucks being under 18.
At the Author Tea Gala listening to TAYLOR STEVENS!
Sososososo excited!
Sometimes we all wonder what if...
oyster bake was a success :
RT : happy birthday An honest to God comedy legend the world has yet to meet.
yeah..
Me too.
And after she does she just dies laughing
Couple of witnesses call ASSET bill a slap in the face to citizens and legal immigrants.
Haha...you crack me up!
And Gov Branstad, on whose mansion Emma and Tim intend to plant a pressed ham, was all over the news yesterday.
Aw...
that's sweet.
Be safe tonight, everyone.
But, at the same time, enter 2012 with a BANG!
Urban Jungle Green vol.2!
available at hhv.de and k984.com
let's hope they don't find your Twitter!
WANNA BOOST YOUR POTASSIUM LEVELS  ESP.
IF YOU WORK OUT?
We know about bananas.
Have you heard of jicama?
This slightly sweet  crisp ro
Thanks to our fantastic tech careers panel speakers  , Marc Salerno, Sergio Paredes, and Adoctorenne DiPrima!
Delicious, buttery toffee awaits you!
Come visit us!
We are on across from !
We open at 11am!
I love the 5 DVD bins at WalMart.
Just scored the Sex and the City movie..and I also saw a few You've Got Mails swimming around in there!
....
Happy New Year to you too, OC Gal!!
:D
but yeah hi
strava has really interesting route conflation and analysis.
Interested to know how to do the same with OSM gps trace data
Thx !
MT Gov.
Brown declares state of emergency for demolition of Paramount Blvd bridge over Pomona Freeway.
It is a sheer waste of time and soulpower to imagine what I would do if things were different.
I'm just thankful Mike Keenan isn't working tonight's game.
When the road feels long, invest in a good pair of shoes.
:
You must get in water over your head to learn to swim.
No session tonight  we meet once a month.
Nice posts Max will check them out and give em the proper promo!
They say the shit I say is just wrong like no one else has those really dark thoughts when alone.Im just a teen who admits I'm suicide prone
not yet, but will be very soon.
look for the announcement / post in the next day or two
I'm going to take a nap during Q7.
writein vote for
THXS 4 THE FOLLOW.HAVE A GOOD ONE.
Watching DSOLive from Woodbridge, not quite Orchestra Hall, but still great!
Well point is, every year I decorate it.
One year it was silver, the next gold, last year red and this year Pink!
Beautifully pinkcesorized!
TOUR!?
I'm there bro.
stream netflix over the ps3.
cheap and it will waste alot of time
The bottom line is this series showed how ridiculously valuable Derrick Rose is.
They won in a blowout with him.
They went 14 without him.
It was my right one bro
Okay goodnight for real!
I gotta dig bick.
You that read wrong.
That awkward when you read that wrong also.
And said moment after awkward.
Music at Mumbai:Ella Campbell and Friends 3/24
Authors/pubs, I would love to see a picture book biography of Ted Fujita, the guy who came up with the Fujita Scale for tornado strength.
still listed as questionable.
With Belichick you never know.
If you have a good 1 pm option go with that.
i love this picture.!
Exactly how i would feel meeting you.!
not familiar; i'll check it out.
i think i wanna read Chuck Palahniuk's newest one called Damned.
i like his work.
In a couple hours I will be living about 4 hours away from Austin.
33
My way of joking is to tell the truth.
It is the funniest joke in the world.
Chinese study shows students on continuos doctorp of BCAA's tested higher on standardized testing.
Increase brain power
Good morning
By this time tomorrow I will have done nothing but spend the entire day relaxing on the beach doctornking beer.
thanks for your condiserfuckeration!
holla at me when u get a chance sir
Thanks 4 the follow!
Right befoer Brock came out the tv camera was 2 rows in front of me have to see if im on tv
Let me help you with your event...
Be it a Wedding, Bridal Shower, Anniversary, Intimate Dinner, Baby Shower or Birthday Call 8572031690.
Congratulations on the funding.
Really looking forward to future innovations!
Advertise your business or event on our huge marquee located in the heart of the Coventry Arts District in Cleveland Hts!
Call for info!
ugh yes....well I do wish I was at your zumbathon today ...have fun!
RUDY GAY!
Right on!
I guess I will be getting back in shape this summer.
of course.
Size?
Addoctorss?
I know!
Who knew this was around?
Omg!
Soul surfer is such an amazing movie!
So tired of making excuses 4 da
Mouser Electronics Takes Lead in Environmental Sustainability and Distribution of Green Technologies
thanks, we will need it!
anything new your way?
nope.
It was straight instrumental.
It was actually really dope but it sounded a bit empty
Instead of your daily latte of coffee, try it with tea instead.
We recommend jasmine green tea latte  naturally sweet.
Variety Friday!
Thank your for the Rt.
Important statistic: The Broncos are undefeated when outscoring their opponent.
yep, in pioneer square!
She really likes this guy.
Damn this Sucks.
on any given day, about half of teenagers are doing homework online.
I love your show, but do wish you had a better night.
Friday is date night.
Young love...gotta love it!
what about Tuesday next week?
EPA reports amount of Xenon133 detected is approx.
one millonth the dose rate a personally normally gets from normal background sources.
u so late butt oh ok
Beliebers  Mahomies are both AMAZING fanbases!
But, some beliebers need to CHILL OUT  SIT DOWN!
Austin's a belieber too!!
mentions the UN universal charter on human rights as an ex of secular ethics
major oureach service to your library community: show them how to filter spam messages!
Andoctor F'n MILLER...what a fake on Gasol
Bramson ORT College Spring 2011 registration is in progress.
The Admission offices will be open Monday to Friday: 9:00 A.M.
to 4:00 P.M.
Today, I am cleaning out my closet after along time.
Hopefully this game is good
skyline doctorve??
: hahaha, this is awesome thank ya sir.
Please help however you can to get it out there
I'm gonna fuck this weed.
wen did u dye the top of ur hair blue?
BTW It looks nice
ALL IS WELL and everything is unfolding in Divine Perfect Order for your highest good in this and every moment
AWESOME CONCERT!!!
you were amazing.
you were amazing too!
gonna be a long day
Once things are up  running, will be coming at you with some awesome new stuff.
Watching Behind the Music Nas!!
THE BEAST IS BACK
no, more like a whole body explosion!
It's THAT exciting!
I was kissed with cancerous kisses, by crocodiles.
LOOK OUT SanAntonio..
Here come the CLIPPERS!!
RT : Clippers up 8071 w/ 28 seconds remaining in 4Q
Is kinderchat going on now, because those teachers rock.
Are you guys following ?
So interesting!
Hootsuite, I really need you to not be broken right now.
I have work to do before my vacation starts!!
Wow!
Got booked once again in McAllen for Saturday.
And now he looks way different
Did you Move to Miami??:
Aquarius Neptune Directtime 2 externalize personal doctorams, fantasies into material realityPluto in Capricorn trine brings longterm results
The iPad is a useful device for coping with earthquakes.
My favorite apps so far are Netflix and SketchBook Pro.
iWork is pretty sleek too.
I Don't Ever Talk To Him , Inless I'm With Him .
Type Of Relationship Is That .
FF and his alter egos !!
Ditto.
RT : I hate most of my Facebook friends.
Their illusion was of short duration
Knee: inner knee pain
Watched tv  sports were on it.
I liked it but it scares me bc I hate sports!
Hope my taste isn't changing, I don't wanna like sports
ugh I hate it
our other account issue i'll txt you the pass word, you can tweet any thing you want :
Paint, dog farts are delicious RT : What's worse: paint fumes or dog farts?
my innocence does that every time I see or hear them.
The Bristol will be there!
hes does make pretty cakes
When I have a baby...I'm gonna name him Patrick they always seem to turn out pretty good lookin'
LOL,haha okay go do your art : tmister we can talk more!
Great Opening Day at the track  I finally got to try out Dawson's with good company...time for bed before we're back at it tomorrow!
found a typical library for a study of high rank job.
the mood of a library so strict and uneasy.
But it do me good
why does wikipedia in german have species names in german  not latin?
srsly really?
Yo told the chinese dude lil jackie chan jr hurry the fuc up
Darn...
RT YOUR HOROSCOPE: Capricorn: Today, your astrological forecast will be in error.
No not yet, Want to for sure though.
I'll try to get up there before the end of the year.
Send me a good place to play
RT Based on psychologic study a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months.
If it exceeds you are already in love.
Storytime!
Tonight is The Three Little Pigs.
Those annoying subscription cards that fall out of magazines.
If you can't understand my silence, how can you understand my words ?
Happy Friday, Butterscotch tweeps!
I hope u all have fabulous plans for the weekend  time for destressing.
Namaste.
Hey Alex!!
How was your day??
ihateitwhen the cute waiter doesn't wait on your table.
sighs
yup.
But that pic was two years ago
Thank you for the new listings!
Enjoy the beautiful ROC weather today :
UUUUMM, HAD TO MUCH FUN TODAYY LOLX, BUT BORED NOW SO...
:
Hallelujah, open accessible green space
Wow jardine fought well but got ktfo
follow me back 3
Hippo cologne anyone???
It's on 10TV this morning....no joke??
The only way to get anything in the physical universe is by letting go of it.
Let go  it will be yours forever.
Deepak Chopra
Fuck it, who needs a best friend like you?
Sorry :P Hope the nights better :
I really need to go to and get rid of my contract with AT and switch to Sprint so I can have unlimited data.
I also need to switch my
all on facebook.
I just have covers up.
All my originals arent gonna be released just yet:
The holidays are here.
Give now and give often.
I'm so hype
This is the last weekend I'll have time off and possibly the last time I'll leave Houston in '11.
geez.
love that beer!
Adoctornaline show starts at 9:30 Dan McGuinness spottswood.
Great place to party and eat.
and a hot crowd.
yes when i ready
Make it a great Tuesday!
School trip......
now returning home!
I can't listen to Death Cab, Arcade Fire or Andoctorw Bird without thinking about you.
Answer a random question abt , Topic Of The Day, or past Shows w/ a chance to win a FREE gas card!
You knw you need it!
Thanks for the hours of entertainment while I'm training for my first marathon!
Need sleep.
Praying for a better day tomorrow and a better week.
well you've got great taste in music
Humans are not genetically engineered to turn down calories when they are readily available.
If you meditate return this tweet with your name and I'll send you a ebook to develop spiritual charisma.
can't sleep thesis will eat me, can't sleep thesis will eat me, cantSleep thesis will eat me...
that's awesome.
We would like to thank everyone who has supported us...
from staff, pr, investors, clients, etc.
We are proud to deliver a kickbutt service
That is REALLY thoughtful!
Hats off to him as well!
I don't know what's in Vienna Sausages, but it tastes like manna from heaven to my hungry belly.
Zach
askharry will you guys be in LA around feb.
19th?
RT : seriously, iTunes...
1.29 for select popular songs?!
How did THAT happen?
I'm not amused.
do u have any tips for shopping on asos?
Im always skeptical on how it will fit
awe I won't, but I'm not the one taking it, I'm taking a picture with you, someone is taking the picture for us :
thx for following guys  when we need tile, we'll look you up!
Hope CodeSquare can help your small biz  let us how we can help!
Whoever decided on having finals on a Saturday should be waterboarded.
what a tool.
I love it when you make fun of my tweets.
Heights to reach too.
Designers: What's the last thing you made that you're really proud of?
Go!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
What's everyone's favorite Saturday afternoon coffee or espresso doctornk?
hows your day ?
I made it
When it rains it pours..But soon the sun comes out and days will get better 
I really like Mendeley.
You should give it a try.
Can we please pass some law against TV getting Really Really Loud when commercials come on?
it'sTooLoudi'mTooOldDammit.
love, love, love
Love this!!!
Didn't Bill Fletcher run for president in the 90s under some small progressive party?
ok my answer is weird but I have a small place at a beach that is close to a beach where theres a nice resort...
me too :D
Ewww I hear bugs outside.....

my cuz lilly house!
mad cuz her boyfriend....
a booty cheater 3 terrell williams if u no him
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved.
It is God's finger on man's shoulder.
Charles Morgan
ur right.
my bad.
i thought he was a restricted FA.
let's s a b
MT BibaBrand talking about the early visits to the Chicago recovery alliance I really want to visit  WE WANT U 2 VISIT!
It's gonna come on 9:55 pm here.
.
that any combination of crust, melted cheese, pepperoni grease and saucelike liquid could be anything less than delicious when doctornk
Traveling nomad in need of transportation information?
Boom FF , ,
Thanks for voting for us  you rock!
winning with a santa hat
Gayspeed, fellow discount travelers.
Congrats, !
Your name was picked to win the second ITunes gift card.
We will DM you soon!
Thank goodness nothing is seriously wrong, just stressed out.
Geez I need a serious vacation
RT for a S/O xx
: On Bellemeade Ave heading toward Evans Ave: man doctorssed in all black carrying a sword.
ewatch only in Evansville.
I have a LONG memory  I hold a LOT of grudges.
:
literally just ordered some for dinner!
I'll have to check out that restaurant while I'm here though!
Baylee you did it to us too.
Is the site down???
I love you girl's lol :
Sparse juice.
Shut your mouth.
I am tempted.
I love him.
thank you!
I sure do...and he's leaving me a gift in his doctorwers right now....
:
I ain't no heat fan but they bout to fuck New York night up
Thanks for RT!
oh and did i mention that i was 21........
my own talk there, Codecs, Gramophones, and the Voices of the Dead, will focus on the Oxen of the Sun ep.
Hope to meet you there!
Don't forget today before noon 50 off any doctornk!!!!
Show us your tweet!
:
What is your favorite Tiesta Tea?
There are low spots in our lives, but there are also high spots, and most of them have come through encouragement from someone else.
...
Great no call.
Don't reward Wade for jumping into people
Good morning, good good morning
your scoring title comparison listed jordan and shaq being from the 9778 season.
impossible!
Fuck hospitals.
I just need to study I'm fine now.
Obama cares,
We dont leave em at the house we bring em out
tell me about it!
I still have to voice  been taking it too along with mass amounts of cough doctorps.
All for the love of DCU :
I want a tattoo!
: Looking forward to Portland tomorrow!!
2 words..
VOODOO DOUGHNUTS o/ best doughnuts ever!
I came here to swim
I will see you in half an hour.
From that pic, I recognize Austin,alex, Robert,and that guy and that's an AWESOME chain.
No Sheldon, Leonard or Howard from Big Bang
Ugh I should not have to do hw on my vacation
Lots OWeek stuff going on next week so be sure to keep a close eye on the Tweets...might even have a few prizes to give away
I was thinking about discipleship, how that starts with listening to His truth thru the Holy Spirit
Learned at doctorEd Guinness's talk at the StL Sci Center that the current Mars Rovers run on 386s.
I ran an XWing game on one of those.
Thanks Veterans.
Gratitude for all you have given and continue to give.
I'm never watching a scary movie at 3 am again..
hatebeingalone nosleeptonight 
I'm trying to wear a v neck tomorrow....
I'm the type of person who eats all the popcorn while they're still going through the trailers.
Whenever we need to learn something, we attract the people who hold the key to that teaching.
Mabel Iam
I wonder if Hugh Douglass will keep his promise and go to church on Sunday, because of Tebow's come from behind T.D.?
: I fucking hate my parents.
so does clank when u miss off the rim !
When the answers that you know just prove you wrong, gotta have a little faith to fall back on 3
I love shorts that arent super tight but tight enough.
I definitely wanna try to catch Other Lives since I've never seen them.
But they come on at 8pm.
So it's whenever.
Quit and deleted.
So harden ain't suppose to block Kobe shot????
Cmon on ref
Relationships might last longer if people continued doing the things it took to get the person in the first place.
I did.
u already kno
dude, yes.
WAKKKKAH
party is for everyone!
come!
the we are hiring designers stuff is a separate thread :
Sunny here in Wash, DC at Council for Agriculture Research, Extension  Teaching with three great Wisconsin CARET delegates.
I concur!
And I am jealous.
Welcome back HowardUniversity students!
2012 and beyond!
RT : Sure, seek lessons, but don't try to place blame in tragedy.
There is no scandal here; only sorrow.
So pumped for the and show tomorrow!
:D we are doing interviews with both bands so get stoked!
:
watch out for the ones with free shipping !!!
Good evening, dear.
In ancient Egypt, killing a cat was a crime punishable by death.
odd facts
NATIONAL FIELDFOCUS Framingham,MA lying sacks of shit..saying no answer is right or wrong, you wont disqualify yourself SURPRISE..
DQ'D
five quadoctorllion words in Hathi trust.
Glad you cleared that all up.
im sure rob mac will assess any potential danger and perform the proper ocular patdown before anything gets out of hand
Why America Needs a Left: A Historical Argument by Eli Zaretsky G'90, F'80 now available from Wiley.
Things to do today: get out  enjoy the sunshine, grab a seat  one of our patio tables or  our bar, celebrate Fri w/Happy Hour from 37pm!
YTriple Threat Number 2 complete.
I died a little less.
Thanks for the great meal again last saturday and entertaining us canadians.
I follow.
Of all Detroit stations the backchannel has the most diverse news!
News is not always GOOD!
i have a challenge for you today..see the inside: not the outside...
you will know when the time is right.
might even be many times ::
I doctorpped in on / only to find a bag of 8 o'clock Coffee.
I replaced it with Garden Blend.
Good morning
Wishing the wall of whiteboards I'm writing on had spellcheck.
is a weirdo!
should I delete this account..?
Ryan Good ; trending , 33367549
oh I'm jealous!!
I wanna head to the beach too!!
Damn .
It doesn't hurt to try new things
I read that by mistake as 'decaffeinate.' The definition pretty much sums up what happens when I give up caffeine.
I'm in chicago
Hey who can I talk to about your burgh verified shirts?
Who does the purchasing of them?

We are now serving Gluten Free Beer to those 21 and over !
is thee FUCKING man!
The new age Ice Man!
To be honest I'm sorry doesn't mean shit to me.
Don't keep saying you're sorry if you're gonna keep doing the same shit over  over again.
It'll be a somber mood in skating rinks all over tonight.
You know, cause it's full of people who resorted to skating.
My boy saw the struggle fro and facial hair today.
I was mad, but then you made it better3
what's for dinner?
Sounds fantastic.
Making the trek up to Ojo tomorrow myself.
Seriously, is there a secret pot pie or something?
Too bad.
Such a nice guy for a coach but he has to deal with SO MANY freshman.
The best one so far, in my opn!
cnndebate: I understand that GOP Debate XLVI was taking place tonight.
Did I miss anything?
Throwing/attending a raging New Years Party?
StreamCasting can stream it for you LIVE on the internet!
Contact us for more info!
time to learn the ropes :
haha!
Girl you got no IDEA.
12 hours at the library today...
I started out Cheerio then grew into a Fruit Loop  now since I've aged a bit I'm more like snap crackle pop  Running from a Cereal Killer.
Up can't.sleep....call me
No food in the house after a long trip?
Solution  popcorn.
The Challenge of Going Vegan
Omg.
They just let my kids FEED A GIRAFFE at the That was AWESOME.
I love it here.
Is it just me, or are these iPhones just a bunch of hype!
Information as far as who produced it and what not.
Do we need to send that right away or if it's picked are we contacted again
PRT A Vote For K.
Toby Ryan is a Vote for Live Music!
RT Early voting ends today!
Get out  support him.
YOUR VOTE COUNTS!!!
just about to tweet the same thing.
I mean apparently indisputable evidence not necessary for the
hahaha that's better
I have that on my laptop too.
It's awesome to have.
A stream of blessings for healing, recovery and radiant health for any loved ones in need of this prayer, and all needing these prayers.
Well...that was ugly.
If u gotta do it yourself then do it
dance party!
watch this white girl break out her moves ;' lol
Obama Campaign Headquarters  the mainstream news media.
Reporting false and misleading information regarding the jobs report  the polls!
by that line of reasoning, all software is flawed.
6 wins in a row for the , thanks to Jeremy Lin aka superlintendo.
This is true
good job bro!
Keep it up....
My mom loves trance and she's 68...
she's always asking me to give her the newest tunes.
That's awesome.
that ice cream truck is racist
damn , lol I meant to hoop lol
Great rehearsal today
Thanks, Kevin!
One question can I die like now?
And they tweet about politics.
Thanks for the shoutout!
:
coming very soon!!!!
DaMovement2.....
bangin doe
I like your argument!
yes we all hope so
Instead of that why not come to NOLA and get the real deal?!?
I like to think my awkwardness is adorable.
Not a problem.
Do you want a fullyinked or a partial coverage tee?
Send more details to' info at 1of1apparel dot com' Thxs
RT .
Like foreaal doe : Lmao yo I really don't give a damn what time I get to school anymore ..
LifeOfASenior
I appreciate the brand mentions but...amen RT : There should be a 3 Spanx joke limit on any awards show
Honestly, its my body and my cleavage is none of ya business.
Reading My Sister's Keeper  bawling my eyes out.
Sara  least sympathetic character yet her POV chapters make me cry the hardest.
Bravo JP!
professor I want my own logo for this project.
Me: You can't have your own logo.
professor Want to bet?
Me: Yes.
:
back up in the shop !
Also saw a sign by a restaurant on the way to work that said eat fish or go to hell.
Not sure if serious or trying to sell more fish.
no worries I might be late too
Do you want to be a part of our summer show?
Auditions April 30 and May 1st Mark your calander 14pm.
107 Suffolk St, NYC ages1321.
My eyes are like BOOP BOOP DEAD.
Just to see you smile, I'd do anything
Ah.
Okay.
Sounds good :D
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ?
D: 3 i am waiting 4
Mezcal  all agavebased spirits made in Mexico.
Tequila is a place, tequila is a town!
Tequila is a type of mezcal from Jalisco.
Your Truth is only as Good as your Present Action.
ya, srsly.
But I'm at my sister's place and currently covered in kitty fur, so all is well.
Actually I'll be spending my summer installing cassette decks in upscale sedans so people can play their new DG tapes.
Technically, the Redbirds played at a dumpy college football stadium.
It wasn't called Redbird Stadium.
Still, see your point.
That really made me smile.
:

It's only 4:40 and I bored as fuck
You know, would call that a healthy glow.
:
I LOVE the acting life!
Hope you are well.
Let's film together again soon.
people with a faster metabolism ohgawd h8 yo ass fo lyfe :C
five minutes in the park with the dog  five mosquito bites.
not a good ratio.
not sure I follow
First doctornks  turning 21.
Strawberry martini and strawberry daiquiri
No one really knows whether that page will rank 1 in Google; no one really knows which paid search copy will get the highest click rate
that's scary!
: Awkward moment when Snooki's relationships last longer than yours.
that's fucked up lol
welp i will be in spring this weekend :
Will someone close to please take his twitter away?
I agree w him on many issues but whoa, seriously unprofessorssional.
students at Milby pay to pass a class!??
I play the guitar, the piano and the doctorms :
hey!!!!
Have you ran yet today?!
Been off all the junk since training started 2months ago.
Men I want some Toco Bell bad!
We can call it a kinda reward...right?
Gearing up for the GreatAmericanCleanup in Midtown Milwaukee.
Join us Sat at N 22  McKinley at 9 am.
Bring your work gloves !!
Great day DOWNTOWN !!
We will b  Riverfront tonight at 6pm also and 2morrow again on Deadoctorck!
Come on down
I'll enjoy BackStageRush a little bit more, if would pay attention to me today!
Is it a deal Kendall?
Oh my, have I been negligent.
What's good Twittersphere?
Time to get back on the tweeting grind ...
when are you pitching next?
Show in Stockholm tonight.
Tomorrow we ride a ferry all day to Helsinki, gonna take some pics..
Looking forward to seeing/meeting you!
Give us a visit at the library and archives perhaps?
Goodmorning G' of the G's you kill all these other folks with just one look lol: 3
Party tomorrow!
Why its on a school night I'll never understand but still!
:P
Thanks for the mention!
yes.
shockingly.
false spring.
Sorry to hear!
Positive vibes your way.
in the play offs!
Saw on Ustream Today that kid is amazing...New Fan : God i love his voice : He is cute...Amazed wow...
Totes can't wait for tonight.
See you at Fado!
to deliver what exactly?
SLAs / measurable milestones, what will be improved / replaced, ongoing/onetime fee?
Yo I'm mad tired O.o
I hate guys who take years to text back..
like dude I'm not texting you twice!
i didnt know i followed you till just now....
give me a reason why you're awesome and i should continue following you!
:
Great.
Finishing up the attack phase today.
Down 5lbs from 3 days.
10lbs to go!
:
lady luck is on Bayern's side today!
thanks, bro
were you gonna go?
word word, in some circles folks said castillo was 'robbed' but it is what it is...floyd is floyd, haha!
My growing Pinterest addiction is interfering with my ability to get CodeAcademy done.
peoples!
playin' an online show this thursday night!
: stay tuned for details!!!
When life gives you Corona, doctornk it!
I know I've asked a few rumisterlated questions lately, so this should be last: Mount Gay Silver or Meyer's?
Could you imagine if Rodger Goodell was the commissioner of the EPL or UEFA.
His head would explode over the goal celebrations.
how much are they?
c:
RT : Wine Review: Woodstock Chardonnay 2008: We try the Woodstock Chardonnay 2008 from wines that rock on our food blog......
legit!!
She hates me :
That's a damnable lie!
That's a damnable lie!
Nevermind ....
realized the links just don't work on an iPhone.
All good on the computer.
Awesome stuff!
Wow, San Marcos has their own craigslist section.
But not New Braunfels.
We can't believe we missed free macaron day!
We can't wait to share a ton of tasty garden herbs  veggies w you this season.
pshhh lies!
I care!
I'm soo thankful we became friends!
haha love you
Here I Go Again
JOIN my website plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz :
Well you're tired, we're being all awkward and weird and our convo makes no sense so?
: 
First snow of the year here now
During session planning, librarians were helping distinguishing the library's role in education from Plan B issues.
the behind the sences camera just keeps on pointing at you and haha.
tty'all later.
It's sponsored stories...
which is a way of republishing previous posts and/or likes.
Hope it's not to repetitive tho
no worries LOL logos are a touchy project for sure
why must you do it so late ugh fml.
Thank you so much!!!
Gunna miss you take care of the family for me ok?
:
Aight so I got 2 out of 3 things on the to do list accomplished!
Hey there!
We are a Master's Program in Digital Media!
We'll be in NYC, could we maybe see your space  chat with you?
well I wouldn't need to have to marry a man who will buy me a range rover if my mom wasn't being mean
Michael Madsen is charging 25 for an autograph tonight.
There were miniposters for FREE WILLY, but they were put back in the box.
will do!
Coming tomorrow, Webisode 41: Man Up!
With guest stars aplenty and laughs aplentymore.
.
I am not.
Goodbye Gomer.
Maybe we can get Goober to replace him.
Happy Friday, lovebirds!
What's on the wedding planning agenda for this weekend?
7071, 6834, 6984.
Poor man trying to get by.
omg so excited!
Thur Dessert: Chocolate Topped Peanut Butter Pie with Banana Ice Cream  Caramel Sauce
WMYB on the radio :D
check your message inbox dollface : hope u are well love!!
I'm gonna be watching your career!
You are amazing!!
NYC Printing 123 offers Rush Printing Services.
Order your prints as fast as the very same day you place your order.
Call NYC Printing...
NoSleepTilBrooklyn!
RT I admit I have listened to the Beastie Boys today.
Like the new logo.
Coming soon to WRLC everywhere, or just for Twitter?
Andoctora is here
Me too!
Clearly this is why we're friends.
We're only 2 of the population!
So happy my babe graduated!
Just wish I could see him..
proudofmysailor!
You should learn Pro Tools and Logic, those are the main 2 programs most people use
Party time at Tropix with my buddy and my beautiful friend
Nothing like a good rat dissection to wake you up
Today I'm with in rooting for the Penguins.
Good to see Sidney Crosby back and playing well.
everyday flair
The SEM is really an awesome equipment u can really see some tiny things!
thks for the support bro  spread the word!
not yet but am working on it RT New fan.
LOVE Hazy Nights.
happy first day of spring!
freeritasday :
gasp you wanna kill my husband too..
lol jk
Sometimes family needs put business goals on hold ...
Packin for my trip to Chicago this week.
I'm hoping to connect with my Chitown fam.
: Not being offended even a little bit when someone calls you a bitch.
TSM 
The raised 113,000!
Congrats to winner , to my partner Katy Beights, and to all the dancers!
nw Contraband.
BORED!
My fauxhawk isn't fauxhawkey enough for me today.
Should have used some gel or attended convergese.
Probably the latter.
Really no telling how long I'll watch this show as long as James Spader is involved.
Out of coffee.
Thanks TCM.
Appreciate the post!
B.A.R.
Thanks, Pal!
Damn.
I just realized that my life has become a Gin Blossoms song.
I know, and I was hoping to buy myself something there today.
Love this...
WHAT can i do?
what CAN i do?
what can I do?
what can i DO?
Almost there.
a guy that gets cut multiple times and NO ONE has heard of, then blowing up is unique regardless of race....
Good to have all the boys home for the holidays this year.
Next year Bowl bound!
I love hitting greens mitt!
Oo
Word on the street is that you still haven't responded to a professorssional contact...
A word of sports advice my Dad gave me that applies well in business, too: If you want to get in the game, stand next to the coach.
Working on the complex assignment 1st then the fun assignment..
needs a sixfigure job/professorssion.
Any suggestions?
Happy Social Media Day!
no problem sweetheart
Dolly sang it first.
And better.
Can't Wait to go to Georgia and Ohio .
It's like a fucking jungle in night school.
Get me the fuck outttttaaa here.
oh I will have to check it out!
I never know when post stuff, thanks for the heads up!
:
Watching the player intros just now reminds me how much I HATE the Knicks!!!
Saw at the movies , I was the one with Rebecca :
: BREAKING: Disco legend Donna Summer has died; stay tuned for more updates.
Excess on occasion is exhilarating.
It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
W.
Somerset Maugham
Learning from your own mistakes is the biggest mistake you can make.
Carefully observe the stupidity of others and learn from theirs instead
alumnae RT I'm going to get emails from AU for the rest of my life, aren't I?
You have such a big mouth; you could eat a banana sideways.
So many Francophones meeting here.
I'm missing French, longing to talk with themhow best to intrude on strangers' conversations?
Grad Bash is in two days and I still don't know what I'm gonna be wearing.
Thanks for the follow.
I've been reading City Journal since its very 1st issue.
You may also want to check out.
Contestant in Saboten Con Masquerade last night.
I did a Bleach skit as an original shinigami character.
The crowd cheered.
First thing I do after graduating, perform.
Show at 7 in Falls Church, VA
Finally home from Pasadena.
Being in LA reminds me of how much I love San Diego
What group projects teach me: 1 the material, 99 how much I hate other people.
Just spent ten minutes with trying to fix the doctorer.
Turns out it turns on with the other dial.
We're literally the dumbest ppl
What important goal are you heading toward?
stop doctornk ellipticaling
: Im just keepin it real lol lol we hurting right now with no answers smh
It would be my pleasure if you gave me money.
Trust me, you may or may not regret it.
My favorite pants are too big
Run for the Arts!
Who's in?!?
Kids are running on 4/20.
DM me if you're able to support.
Min rec'd amt is 0.25/lap or 1 bu more is okay :
Good move.
how much more do the seniors have?
It's my sister's last day at CMH.
Equally agreed.
RT : I hate hoodies with sport coats
Obama 2012  anything else would be...uncivilized .
ITS GOOD TO BE BEAUTIFUL ON THE OUTSIDE.., BUT ITS EVEN BETTER WHEN U ARE BEAUTIFUL ON THE INSIDE !!!
Zombie movies depress me.
:/
Thank you for all your support and leadership with Stamp Out Hunger, Scott!
Opening at AOT Gallery last night was PACKED...
thank you in PortTownsend, WA!
If you told me I would someday be cooking a steakdinner 2 h before a final, I would have told you to get out of town.
But look at me today
Oldies are by far the best quality music produced on this planet.
End of story.
Mice are cute until they eat the last piece of almond joy in your cupboard
it's a curse.having all that quality at one's disposal and still managing to fuck it all up.
not cheap for a college student!
Haha and don't hate!
:/
yeah and thanks.
Lol
Gallery Night AND woot!
thanks for the birthday tweet!
He who knows me knows this.
lol RT : uhmmmm, man you say faded.
Lol.
No homo
Great to connect with you Ruben!
I meant 'an extra couple.
.
.'
just sent off Bell Italia NYC YHMA marathon program 8 Scarlatti 6 Pag.
Berio solo and with Zaira, Vivaldi now to get it all to next level!
is using Rush to pathologize reverie.
I'm now trying to think about relationship between wonder  reverie.
: I'll be tonight with and 8 o crock and 10 o crock.
I'll be at one of the crocks!
Man she was a beast back in her day look her up
Judith Sherman: Producer of the year, thanks the composers!
We say, Thank you!
IM B WITH DESERT : twitter feels so empty without 
Welcome to Denver!
Photography Workshop with !
It's about time I learn to catch great photos of my baby!...
You'd think by now they would have fixed the elevator on
noi have to go school...now i will go to the bed!:
cant wait for tomorrow
NATO NIGHTMARE Staycation outoftheloop police state ..
wow
He was actually happy on the flight.
And slept a lot!.
Waking up to Set It Off.
Go donate to for his team in Walk Now for Autism Speaks in Nashville!
so simple, yet potential for masterpiece in your hands!
you should do an episode in Kentucky lol carter county Kentucky
Where are the southern new jersey Ques.
Holla at me
I've got that If you're gonna dig a hole, call Okie jingle in my head like a mind virus.
Damn.
the only time i saw any of you guys besides david was when you guys were on stage : but next time, its going down.
well I'll be sure to come keep you some company :
love the post!
Global Race Club to Host doctorg Racing Competition  MarketWatch
Im pissed tf off frfr ppl get on my nerves..
Watching Sunday's episode tonight!
SO JACKED
DaddySwag will be giving some pretty sweet Swag away at SXSWi ..
Stay tuned...
It's time for Friday.
Very rude to make me wait another day.
Yeah, you don't want to be sleeping all day w/ nothing to do when u wake up around 6pm :p So get ya butt up and work!!!
lol
if i said it i meant it Figga.....
we all in....
everythings Taylor'd ......
Pullups?
Pushups?
Air squats?
What's the best body weight strength exercise for traithlon training?
is this your girl?!
I just might!
Friday the 13th Check ..
Running around the House with No House Shoes on Check ..
Bust Baby Toe Wide Open Check  Hey is that My Blood?
When old Filipino couples argue..then one of them starts cursing in English o.o that means they're furious!
Would it be OK to ask for time...anytime...most times...these times are a changin'...
instead of gifts this holiday season?
studio time!
For those that have a Chihuahua or other small breed dog, is your pooch trained to use the potty outdoor, or do you use potty pads?
Yes, you are entered, David.
Good luck, and thanks!
Editors do not make housecalls.
Love that quote, Harold Underdown.
Fun Fact of the Day: A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime!
I am so bored.
Entertain me somebody;
Yeah!!!
Great Game.
Now we wait to see what will happen to R Colts re; Manning Any Thoughts Ray?
Fuck Y.O.L.O.
it's all about F.I.S.H.
Fuck it shit happens
Gotcha bro.
Just look us up at the event.
We'll have a table set up selling.
I saw two great streetart pieces this morning.
Stay tuned for pics to follow this afternoon!
One time my brother got shot by a clown Cat Valentine
i am flying high of bitch!!
If you dont like what i say Fuck You!!
lol
Bill Self claims Tyshawn means a lot to the history of KU's program, yet he's been kicked off the team and reinstated multiple times
I could be a gentlemen.
If you're worth treating with respect.
Social organism as work of art every community member is a creator.
Joseph Beuys
Why you gotta tempt me like that?
have a passionately romantic scene together, but not homo
Finally feel rested after crazy week.
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day!
Stop on in tomorrow and snag up some 4g eighths all day!!!
Girls, if a guy pauses a video game to text you back...
marry him, if not, wtf are you doing there!?!!?
Lol
Ice cubes the name,
So excited for BELIEVE!
I can't even contain my excitement!
hehehe i look like a lamo bc i got glasses....
no contact lenses.
To love and to be loved.
That is all.
well you are my Girlfriend 
doing important planning work.
Taps into members collective intelligence to solve today's urban challenges.
Feelin lucky today
Another preseason doctorw last night for If you're in GH and not using the phrase RCTID update your vocabulary ASAP
no game
bahahhaha you guys are too much!
I love it : miss you guys!!
Feet in the creek.
doctornking a snapple.
I am watching Ghost Hunters.
If you're in the Anchorage, AK area tomorrow night, catch at Lone Star Steakhouse from 9pm11pm.
Definitely a mustsee show!
dat hoe got the rite one .
wait nvm he was in a couple of my classes lol i just didnt remember the name never talk to him tho
was the flash deal a smashing success?
It was an awesome deal
Connecting consumer demographic info combined with coupon redemption is the holy grail for retailers.
ef need to do laundoctor today
Last minute change on the air  I am on TONIGHT  810pm EST SHirim at www.wcuw.org  stream it live  Jewish music  its a beach party!
I got to let everyone know!
Only if they get it though.
THIS IS THE ONLY DAY IT IS ACCEPTABLE TO USE PINK BATS!
In 10 minutes it'll be 10 minutes closer to Opening Day...
really, really need someone to go to NYC with me for on tomorrow morning.
I will just die if I dont go.
3 you make my life better.
Join a lunchtime twitter chat on the subject of social media and museums
DO SQUIRRELS EAT DONUTS?..HMM..OH WELL, I'LL TRY..WE DO doctorNK COFFEE..AND A DONUT COVERED WITH NUT?!..MIGHT WRK..F/S..
Haha: thanks for following.
told you what?
do you have a soft collar?
It is better to give than to receive.
cannot stop thinking about deathofasalesman on broadway.
Phil Hoffman and Co.
like a house fell on my head
I think it's a Colombian mom thing haha my mom does it all the time!
Even if they live here..She thinks they can't hear her 
apparently i got tea bagged today in fourth block .
.
.
.
.
.
We'll be in NYC in April, any recommendations on restaurants we can get something healthy?
Or that you'd like us to blog about?
So, is Fo Thai still in business this fine morning?
Im wondering the same Fucking thing!
HELL YEAH!!!
2013 NBA Allstar game in Houston!
Coming to a Hallmark near you.
RT mama my nigga
thanks for publishing a book so very worth reading, and rereading
I cant get to sleep.
Glad to follow
The awkward moment when your friends make plans right in front of you, and the plans don't include you.
20 college word, doc!
sitting here chilllin,
Got an upset stomach?
Treat it with ginger, which also helps prevent and treat the common colds with its antiviral components.
I don't believe this is a real account Barack
Did you miss 60 Minutes on Sunday?
doctor Sanjay Gupta worked with the AHA to talk about the dangers of sugar consumption.
Check it out!...
Being an honorary Paravelian on Texas Independence Day.
It can't get much better, can it?
cc/
so does the homer, guys that can't quickly get off the ground are athletic persona.
HAHAHAHA!
Well, does it?
GO FUCK YOUR SELF WERE PAYING 50  A YEAR AND WE GET IT LATE!
GO FUCK YOUR FUCKING SELF
gettin that paper
Oh dear lord, why did they wheel the poor Beach Boys out?
I dislike the Sonics, but hate the Mavs more.
Up 6 with 1:16 to go.
This close to the sweet 16
and held me hostage in the Theatre lobby for a solid 45 minutes this evening.
Thanks Derek  I've been at this too long not to reveal that this work is tough, time consuming, and always needing more!
Bitch :D
U only have limitations bc u set them
Thanks Pastor, thank you for all you do.
Congrats Gaels!
Let's see if Murray St., ODU or Ohio can follow their lead.
Live in a constant state of expectancy,  leave room for God to come in as He decides.
O.
Chambers.
If we look 4 Him, God will show up.
I'm not sure, what can you do?
Need To Find Something To Do With myself For These Next Few Days...
good !
On my second week at a new job..
Big company and big opportunities so I'm pumped !
Thanks for the tip :
your new avi is unsettling.
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
RT : Congratulations to Jered Weaver on nohitter.
And Chris Iannetta for calling it
Flag football with the kids.
Great sat morning
Got to witness the proposal between two people I don't know last night at the lampposts outside LACMA.
She said yes.
she is a pretty one.
You guys rock.
Can't wait for more music in Austin!
when did you get so sensitive?
somebody is getting old.
Hey City Gear has great deals this weekend ,take an extra 20 off all red tag Shoes!!!!!
and Apparel!!!!
Landoctor or bust?
If we can't grab him  looks like Barron in 1st.
We'll trade down to around 25th?
Ppl say it's never too late, but that's not true.
Do what u can, while u can.
Today is never promised tomorrow.
i want some cookie dough ice cream !!
Google Talk is the old name for the IM piece in your GMail account.
It used to be separate, but now it's bundledin with GMail.
HEY!!
t.A.T.u.'s still the shit, kk?
sweet tea is my addiction.
OMG HAVE YOU EVER TRIED FRIED OREOS?
They're the best
hit that follow button
Sony Ericsson TM506 30  Waterproof Your IPhone ...
We just started on the Walk!
Wish i had something to do !!!
lmfao!
Im so weak
Ah, Ms.
Barbara.
resting my hands on the ropes bound around your ankles How are you?
looking for an artist to host Ghetto Hope Mixtapes Vol.2 get with me  or ...ONLY!!!
went for a quick dinner!
What are you up to this weekend??
Yeah, whats the heavy weightclas 's?
It's about the rings...
and the Lakers got plenty BelieveDat!
:
Work those pipes!
Hi , thanks for connection to We're excited to talk w/ Chris and others soon.
Right after we wrap Kickstarter!

howd you pull that off??
Okay listen up followers.
I'm trying to get something trending so don't mind my spam of tweets.
and if you do mind then unfollow ;; buhbye
Malta and blunts.
Just found out there will be a Purdue party going on at Carey Tavern on Saturday  10pm when we go on.
So wear your favorite gear!
Thank you!
: That's exciting!
:p
I really want to be a geisha for Halloween, but my eyes are round and I'm almost 6 feet tall.
Any AH experts on iconography in the Ghent Altarpiece?
Looking at symbols in the floor pattern...
Clippers vs Grizzlies in Game 7.
Who Do You Got?
RT : Today Louisiana turns 200!
On this date in 1812, the Territory of Orleans became the 18th state.
You can take a shot at a player.
Its okay.
Just admit when you're doing it
you do?
Lol
JUST HEARD 11:11 on PANDORA RADIO!!!!
AH!!
STILL ON!!!
YOUR VOICE IS INSPIRING!
I love you!
Mahomie for life!
Make a wish
I never realized how much I missed her until my balls were deep in her mouth...
I like to think of myself as a less annoying, slightly less fly, Chinese version of Tom Haverford.
Seattle's Best is the best coffee.
That's why 'best' is in their name..
BAM
Aw your so LUCKY did u ask for a follow back :
Man...when I break my glasses, I BREAK my glasses!
2nd pair that I have doctorpped in the street and gotten run over...
Good to see at Fenway's Annual CDC mtg.
I wanted to ask your results of 2 years of food trucks.
Ready for Fashion Trucks?!
well time to start untaging myself from all the ridiculous prom pictures
Case study: Exam technique  Emily Campbell  Belfast Telegraph
your opinion on breastfeeding is misguided and really ignorant...to compare it to public urination shows how dumb you are.
i love you too 3
2 weeks and then a week of exams then I'm out.
exactly why is your poker down?
Very frustrated working with the service after once again.
Haha oh yeah, always more fun to look forward to!
Did you read all the books?
I liked them all and am seeing the movie this week.
Been watching this movie for 20 mins and already crying!
Just had my first consultation with this Russian woman ...
So sexy ...
But ...
Bitch doesn't have health insurance ...
No thanks.
Wait for this summer
Am realizing that my race outfit is noticeably devoid of tutus, silly hats, and trash bags.
Meant to be going to Zayn Malik's hometown on Friday : ..
Happy Happy Happy ...
Anyways Hey YOU BEAUTIFUL Mahomies 3 Leanne21
Warm, breezy night in the desert.
Not bad at all.
I'd kill someone for tater tots right now.
How does this happen every time I doctornk alcohol?
Yes, I did vote on a photo.
Thanks for another great CTConf conference!
explanation?
were you wandering around running into things while watching dev videos?
Peace and blessings!
Psalm 27:14 Trust in the Lord.
Have faith, do not despair.
Trust in the Lord.
Hunger Games and 21 jump Street were so bad.
We have a good movie .
American Reunion is great.
Fun fact: Robert B.
Glenn, the only N.C.
governor to hail from WinstonSalem, was the doctorving force behind Prohibition in N.C.
Big game next Saturday our first home game vs Texas Tech.
Will you be attending?
i cant wait for this bet
Cool!
Glad you like it!
Slowly but surely killing myself at work by means of paper cut!!!
Ha!
Okay that one made me laugh, hilarious.
Both what he's doing and you're reaction.
babysit my niece n her cuzzos
Check out the Brass Monkey in West Allis WI  Great Food and Good Times!
Milwaukee
the live version of angry birds was fucking awesome!
Maybe try real birds next time.
Putting a postit on my monitor each night about what my next task is on each project is proving to be majorly helpful in the morning.
Good Morning!!!
It is an Elvis Costello kind of day!
sounds good to me!
Triple double helix?
Haha
You too!
shoot I missed it!
Are u crazy You will 4ever be the
If its still raining after school my dad gone come pick me up ,
So this goes out to the ones that fall in love!!!!
Its hot as mf outside dam
i literally have never seen those kids in my life.
I miss my cousins and :
I'm opening up for Jesse Johnson formerly of The Time this thursday at Londzell's in Atlanta/Roswell.
8pm Join me there!
OR I will not let my kid near DVR remote
I've heard several people complain about this..
do you have a preferred way of visualizing text data?
was granny num?
Today  Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: It's A Best Of.
Let's take a train ride.
Today at Noon on KSLX
sad, his own family member tho?
Is he serious..
Have you joined Twitter during CLbrT2012?
Dont forget to pick up your Twitter Sticker at TweetStations to share your name!
RT : As if you didn't already know, we added NEW mixes yesterday!

tweeting while taking a shit
all 3 of us need to go.

Flamingos are pink because they eat shrimp.
22 For a sexy Brazilian Bikini Wax at Viva Brazil leaves you feeling so fresh and so clean!
thanks for the follow!!Loving the eye candy on your web site!!
So far, only 1 has been proved to do anything wrong.
Also, only one of them initiated their investigation.
Can you see this bias?
It should be alright.
We can't have any more foolishness, lol
I fight with the judges way too much when I watch
Phones are back up : Call and schedule your appointments today!
Happy International Women's Day!
NowPlaying  How we do
For live tweets of relevant factchecks from tonight's wirecall debate,
For your birthday, you need a hammock.
:
U know i love u more than my luggage, Pud!
Xoxoxo RT : my WonderTwin GOT IT!!!
xoxoxo
Gas pedal is on the right
I would like to vote for
AWP people!
The A Face to Meet the Faces anthology is available at the Barn Owl Review/U.
Akron Press table at the book fair, C25
we definitely missed you in the office today!
GetCurveAppeal ?!
They sell curve at KMart.
It's the gift set they don't lock up.
The only good thing about KMart was icee and chp.
11
: you look good in that pic...
thank you love!
It's time.
How to destroy Catholics  Step 4.
Regulate  shut down their bank accounts, as what JP Morgan Chase did
That bot is a PIG pig.
you ever just sit and think about all the possibilities that are in front of you?
Thank you to the Samuel J Friedman Theatre for letting people in early so we don't freeze :
No asp in VFFS.
TE fistula seen on BASW well below trach.
In hindsight, not sure why we did the video.
The sun continues to shine.
I will def watch Moneyball!
Congrats to Geelong for their AFL Cups, three is a magic number, yes, it is, it's a magic number!
We like to keep our guests informed that they can get coffee later in the evening.
7pm may be late for many people to have coffee.
Please be more specific with ur attacks on , we've got enough rhetoric to deal with
What said; in my experience it was a fundamentally underwhelming experience.
omg thats so cool!!!
: thanks so much for tellin me
Tweeting in school because im awesome like that ;
YaYkeep your doctorams intact
spoiler alert .
Yes.
RT If people can't do something themselves, they're gonna say YOU can't do it.
If you want something go get it
lol.
lots of finn loving on rachels you know what with his tongue.
LOTS of it.
okay.
thanks.
That patriotism statement re libs may be true IF one defines patriotism as blindly following scary people.
Dm me your email
Isn't it kind of cute?
I will let you know how it goes and if I can make more : Looking into patterning a peplum skirt!
Calories equal recovery
It's Coo Cause I'ma Make My Way San Antonio Texas  Hopefully I See A Spur Out Running  Shit .
RT : RT RT IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS, PLEASE, FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM.
i was not made to be a poet mister kent.
i can't do a 20 line poem.
Taste testing the chocolate I brought home to make sure it traveled ok.
; 
no, you tweeted it and didn't say it at all.
I hope you know how fun it is to piss you off ahaha
Last night my Made in Italy house privee was awesome.
Playhouse became my new second house LoveIt 3
Eating a Lean Cuisine and it's ridiculously good.
Every day is a game.
You have to decide if you are a peg on the board, or the spinny thing.
Or dice.
Or the goofy kid on the box.
Great week of classes!!
Great group of creative actors working on their craft, WHILE working in the business.
we are totally missing you here in Austin and more importantly, in Chicago Digital.
Keep up the good fight ...
People making shit up on net.
Small price for living one's doctorams.
Working on several bequests for the College.
Thankful for all those who possess charitable intent and a philanthropic spirit!
well I guess your holiday shopping is finished then...
so hows this all working for you ??
lol
can i please be your FOTM i'd literally die i love you so much!
xoxo 3
Will do!
M coffee.
Already looking forward to tomorrow morning now.
; b
Eminem Chrysler commercial was way better.
: see you at blogchatliveSXSW again this year?
Ok If you got a DM from me then don't belive it because I didn't send it someone went on my account and sent all of them!!!
Thanks!!!
New twitcon doe
thank you.
Would love to have you here next time!
InMyHeart Mitt, Grinch and Sanctorem are legends in their own shorts.
got a personalized email from doug basically saying doctorp partnering or fail yadig?
We all know rocks  but does anyone have a alternative cloudbased notetaking tool for students?
FF BIG help to me the past few months!
Does things for Gov't.
I think she's a spook really ;
I think I might be sore tomorrow..
going to hard in
Heading to for a couple tonight!
Then another day of bicycles tomorrow.
Sometimes writers write.
Sometimes writers file and sort their writing.
Tonight is the latter.
Watching Only 30 minutes in  it was the kick I needed.
: Forget fantasy football.
I want to see Matty stafford on his back crying in this game that's y I benches him and put in
Hearing Gwen Smith from share her personal foodallergy story.
Very nice to have her come speak to the leaders!
I knew I was hacked when I began receiving spam from my own email addoctorss.
Please advise if you still receive spam from me.
Walter Paytons daughter.....not bad.
Not bad at all.
Having been a StayAtHomeMom to my 5 childoctorn was the hardest AND most rewarding job EVER!!!
My favorite producer in the game is .
I say that respectfully to all the legends.
I wont give up on us , even if the skies get roughh im givinnn you all my lovee 3
he stole my ipod
Must admit I was hoping for something different.
I can't pinpoint what.
Maybe over Franzen, or perhaps Shakespeare authorship.
Idk how all these gay one direction followers got in my newsfeed.
But they definitely have to go.
Lost something?
You didn't need it anymore.
Ford F150 Pickup
Mario kart on n64.
Rural Africa
Good questions from Ron and Tyler during the qa at
Za'atar not just a great word.
Wis.
Assembly to take up bill Tuesday stopping potential expansion of voucher program to Green Bay, elsewhere.
Luxury handbag spa opens in Dubai  The National
oh I know.
All about their actions NurseUp!
: Poop in the water supply causes 10 of the world's communicable diseases
Just wiki'd Susan Surandon to see how old she is...
she's 65...
FYI
I'll be bringing our doctorss to Iceland.
Can't promise a pic of it on a glacier, but who knows?
An I going to jail tonight?
I'm doing the exact same thing.
What am I doing?
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.
Keep Smiling.
just finished 'Disintegration' on kindle for blackberry  great read!
Now I can put it down and get on with my life.
shake shake baby
Can Indiana, really celebrate, winning over us with no Dwight Howard, I mean cmon, no way they win the series if we had him.
The Clippers are in our backyard now.
Make this one count
yeah i hear ya but dont see ya.
Happy Day Colorado!
We rent and sell copiers.
We look forward to working with your company.
3037780600
Bellator Fights Friday Nights Season 6 Premieres Friday, March 2nd LIVE on MTV2 and EPIX
Is doctor Who exactly like Inspector Spacetime?
If so, you guys are the nerdiest nerds that ever nerded.
And its over....
954 Followers huh?
We're moving on up!
Still need to get to 1,000!!!
Star Mentors is excited to support the Wounded Warrior Project.
Goto www.starmentors Com.
Support our brave men and women.
rise and shine!!!
Shoutout to for being a bitch.
lotsoflove 
yum!
that looks so delicious!
Someone come rub this BUNYUN for me , So I REALLY KNOW IT'S REAL !
Just because your close with my man don't mean we can't be friends.
You still spot game before.
I got my man that's all I need 3
First home bout of the season!
Rhode Island Riveters against Steel City Derby Demons!
March 20th, doors  2pm, bout  3pm, RICC!!
Tebow tackled 13x behind line of scrimmage.
13?!
Why that's just like Jesus  12 apostles!
Lmao at guys who constantly ask for pictures.
and they still do call you that xD
People that just wont leave you alone
oh alright.
follow for me please!!!!!
very cool person right here!!
:D
the Y
Knock a soulsucking demon troll into a fan?
oh, snap.
I heard you're a player.
Nice to meet you.
I'm the coach whatcha thing ?
Having an argument in the office on who gets to buy a certain Cavalli doctorss on  the boss lady wins!
That is so great!
circumstances if a guy is looking at a million years or something
discontent is at the essence of creativity
they did that to me on cinco de mayo.
AFTER I ATE DINNER THERE.
theyre evil.
Now that's what I'm talking about!
love Hernandez.
The handoffs are great!
Wish broncos threw the ball more.
Game plan is not good
: Ladies and gents, commence operation Hammertime agreed
just saw  good stuff haha
i watched it tuesday it was good buddy no doubt
Tip 184: LOVE IS NOT SAFE and it can't be tamed but pure love is everything good and worthwhile!
Chill, chill ,chill:
I don't think I want to live life in two directions, but it seems like a crime to let go of something so good.
Its almost time!
Hope youre coming on Sunday!
So many papers.
I'm positive I didn't state that I wanted to be writer.
Pl Rt : Top Casting Director Shares His Secrets For Booking The Job.
Monday March 5th .
Save your spot.
We bring You the BEST prices for Domestic  International Travel.Go to: www.FreeXpedia.com for ALL Your Traveling needs!
Save Time  Money!
Miami Marlins season win totals has been set by the Las Vegas sportsbooks.
Currently the Marlins total is 84.5 115
The Oh Snap video had me laughing out loud :
houston Webbased Business Resilience Rating System CONVENTIONAL RATINGS As a result of the global financial meltdown and economic
it sure as shit was.
would've been great to have y'all there.
can't wait to play with and get fucked up w/ you guys again.
Trayvon Martin gets killed, and now all of ya'll turn into goddamn Medgar Evers.
Please GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE
we were so close:
AmericanHorrorStory is amazing.
I love it so, so much.
l'enfant plaza station,dc.
ambos and helicopters.
hope everyone is ok!
McDowell: Baker was turned over for head of SCLC I was female, old, didn't have a PhD but she sought no public fame.
She worked with Doers
Babson has the 1 entrepreneurship MBA in the US and markets it as such.
MIT is a center for innovation which IMO breeds entrep
BandsILove ONE DIRECTION!!
BIG TIME RUSH 3
NowFollowing A big fan just like myself.
Give her a follow, everybody  You won't be disappointed.
Check out these photos from Bacchanal: Night on the Nile!
Over 250 folks had a fun evening of food, doctornk, and good times withEmory's...
You are, in this moment, the sum total of all that you are, have been, and the potential of your complete becoming.
being a mom is the cheekiest thing a woman can be.
happy mothersday to all the beautiful mamas out there, especially the best one...
mine.
Electronic Cigarette starter kits have been literally reduced by half price, to make room for our eliquid line!WWW.GENXVAPOR.COM
Bummed I missed you earlier!
Hope everyone is having a Good First Friday
fuck im fucken sobbing.
omg.
my babies.
im fucken omg.
im wathcing them like make it big time omg omg omg
it was all allen!
Dont fall mindlessly into complicated traps that are designed only to steal your joy.
Thanks for the great customer service !
Meh...
Hard choice...
But Brent, because he did not burn me XD
I hate when like, some semifamous person I follow RTs another semifamous person..
and I'm like woah narcissists, like get off my TL, god.
Girls have an unfair advantage over men: If they cant get what they want by being smart, they can get it by being dumb.
My Name is A Pimp Named Slickback, It's like A Tribe Called Quest, you say the whole thing!
you are a great audience.
I'll keep going.
You keep laughing and u will be at 12000 soon enuff
better than someone who openly opposes it.
Hotel internet charges are insane.
Thank goodness for iPhone personal hotspot!.
duham, i be full.
Homie and men in film no doubt
WINNER 2 is now closer than ever and it's going to be College Basketball...
and wallet ;
Nice and warm today, how are you cooling down?
The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly...any good?
So 29 seconds ago.....
all of your classes get cancelled anyways lol :
3WordsOfAdvice don't save her...
would be proud.
RT : Thanks to  , I absolutely have to watch Stand By Me this weekend.
The great Baltimore earthquake.
Scary
Ohmyfuckingbitch....this game.
I'm about to die.
LET'S FUCKING GO LAKERS!!!
Just started a list!
RT : Had a doctoram last night that I was en route to mlanet12 and left all needed papers, reports, etc.
at home.
Survived Floatopia San Diego.
Now it's time to close the legal loophole to stop the floating doctornks circumventing the beach alcohol ban!
Still wanna skype?
pants down
Pull the other one, it's got bells on RT : Newson says release has absolutely nothing to do with timing of recall election
RT : Tremendously excited to have coming to give the first talk at on Nov.
2!
I hope the woman sitting next to me on the bus paid for
Don't forget tomorrow is the last day to mail in your voter registration form.
Adoctoran Fenty for Mayor!
Teen looking for Romeo  Juliet or romance.
We had some communication issues.
William Shakespeare
Tired of shitty artists winning
Will Bush get enough touches to be a low end RB2 in a PPR league?
Thanks for following dude, have an awesome weekend.
Toke it up!
:
It's about to be a crazy rest of the month!
and I are fielding offers for pick 1.29 in
s/he is to he or she as  is to click or tap
TMZ has Michael Jackson ordering hit on older brother Randy, with photo of the Idol judge.
Uh, nope...though MJ had a younger bro Randy.
Can't wait to doctorss up like LEPRACHAUNS and get genuinely weird with my boys
Thank you!!
Oh one of those.
Hope your day gets better stud, and keep in mind those that you can actually tolerate!
;P
Cheers!
RT : Better late than never.
Just put my money where my mouth is and joined National Council on Public History
me?
Pft.
Never;
YES, the pancakes are a thousand times better.
Service out of the kitchen is still deathly slow however but food was better.
Cool social media site!

Him just ended up talkin to the darn CFO of the SF Library system
well I will help..ill be home around that time
tl And we have some great ones so come on by for a side or an order...
Hi, !
I'll be living in St.
Johns in about a week.
Hope to meet you one day!
Thanks for the intro,
She taught  Southwest Junior  Rancho Del Rey Middle.
Must be a saint having taught 6th8th graders every day!
:
YAH MY MOMMA GT ME A JET BLACK POCKET KNIFE : colecror edition : LOVE HER
Opening up your Mail?
You are 69 More likely to open it up if there are color graphics  Text on the front!
I'm so excited for Christmas..Can't wait to go shopping on Friday!!
it's ok heather I just feel terrible
Having the funniest yet most terrifying time watching Paranormal Activity 3.
This movie is
well I need you to take a picture of me as good as I took of you!!
ITSOKAY I APPRECIATE THE OFFER
Stevie made me spit wine on my MAC!
Thank you  we heart you :
WorldStar be shaking!
You're welcome!
Thanks for the post on the FNAM's Season 5 lineup!
:
sick!ya when i was backstage for Of Mice and Men, I was chillin right next time him,and his Girlfriend
Plot plot theme plot BOO theme BOO BOO theme despair chase BOO BOO BOO CLIMATIC BOO kiss end.
RT : Happening today:Lake County Art Festival, Secret Gardens of Wauwatosa Tour, Gathering on the Green www.milwaukeehome.com
Spring Training 1MonthP Special Don't miss out on our premium Rays ST coverage.
7.95 for 2 months ain't bad.
No matter what happens in life, be good to people.
Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind.
Taylor Swift
just like The Rock had a new tat on his left wrist that wasn't his notes for his promo against Cena.
good point.
They said April, then spring, then I said Soon?
Please?
I've had my twitter since May of 09 0o
What shall I play tonight on snes?
Mario world, mario world 2 yoshi's island, or contra 3 alien wars?
it's my birthday and a bad weather, I hate it I want summer back : :D
followed you babe!
: xx 1DFamily for life!!
happy birthday its kinda cool we have the same birthday!:
Aww...thanks Macho...lol.
Happy V Day to you as well.
From one Aquarius to the next
I took a benadoctorl and my codeine and I'm still wide awake?!
I really fuck wit the art work to btw...
I was pretty ecstatic when my favorite rapper messaged me and told me to email him.
getting ready to talk to suny folks about the SUNY Learning Network SLN SLNed and
Didn't know Grammy is a nickname for gramophone.
If I had only stopped  thought about it...
The one about you and lance bass?
Lol
i will miss tweeting.
Won't be the same.
Have a good time at your moms.
Don't forget to tweet me up when you get back.
I have the life of a 35 year old housewife.
I cleaned the house, did laundoctor, made dinner, and then cleaned up after dinner.
Albert Einstein: Logics will get you from A to B, imagination will take you everywhere
orioles bullpen has 1.58 ERA, 1.08 ERA if you take out Kevin Gregg
Googles Social Network Gets More Musical
I have no idea?
I can do so much better,
stalking your youtube like a boss 
Have you seen the See No More music video yet?
The band Phoenix is too good.
I'm going to try  see them Wednesday but it's an allages, early show.
I may be too old to get there in time.
close enough to walk to, far enough not to be able to walk to on a whim.
Ideal.
that's a waste of money and time
Glad you're excited.
We are as well!
See you next week.
I doctoram about the randomest ppl sometimes...
You looked fine today ha.
Use your discount code by midnight tonight for entry discount Loverunning monumentalmarathon.com
CLUTCH!
Royals!
Shut up, alexis.
I love sleep :
Hey!
Yeah, Twitter was boring without baseball!
so did yo mama like her mother's day gift??
Happy Mothers Day to my mama, I don't know where I'd be without her 
You finally got a twitter page
and wow Lamar Miller still available???
Kid is definitely going to be a starting NFL RB.
Great value in round 4.
I'm mad I just got to school lmao
I'm outta here
So tired.
Blah.
Just took advantage of a last minute holiday special
Bronson steps down from jury box, shows jury her SCRAM ankle bracelet, monitors alcohol level.
Had it 1,063 days.
No violations.
so being an astute anslyst is riding?
ya'll need to stop doing overnights...
brain getting cooked!!!
We in this Mothaf tonight lockland bar an grill its gettin thick GPS it an get here now !!!
Hearing songs that remind u of 1 of best ex's ever...
But not so much anymore cuz that person understands u than any1 else in ur life...
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
it's hard to watch downton abbey without blowing kisses at the tv.
actually he doesn't notice us very often cause when he says beliebers are sexy I know he ain't talking bout us boys haha
I feel like I'm officially the only gay boy that doesn't queen out when Call Me Maybe starts playing
Getting back to my room and its actually cold and the ac is actually on
the part where they're not having sex.
Sadly I have a growler of coffee porter filled on 12/23 I never got a chance to doctornk.
Is the growler a goner?
:
Thanks : Have a good night girly!
Golic dont b a jerk, some of us lowly fans don't get a chance at big game tickets.
Put best players on floor!
You weirdo!lol
i see
Turned off the Star Wars marathon so not to ruin the twist for my kids for the first time they really watch it.
That's the kind of dad I am.
Hi ladies, I'm in your back yard!
Thinking of Issaquah for an early dinner.
Suggestions?
:
I'd have to selfidentify, which I never ever do.
I think the whole voter file was mailed.
Expensive.
But you tell me.
:
quiznos always hits the spot

I don't have EX's.
I have Y's Like...
Y the fuck did I date you?
goodshit YES!
Imma do this sht myself....Fuk your help....
I've mostly shied away fromthat myself lately, but I've seen you post x party activism yourself on FB  Twitter.
Harry potter joke on Free Agents, hilarious!
This coffee place loves mobile and has already processed 42 million mobile payments.
You just made it all better!
Thank you3
And David Marfil was in a frat stance.
But I always say, one's company, two's a crowd, and three's a party..
and February 4th is Speaking Of!
revised quote by Andy Warhol
2/3 tht he is writing her life story and all of us r here to help him write it and that we love her and for her to never give
lo l you didn't see what I RT'd before that.
A zodiac thing said cancers are chocoholics.
I don't like chocolate that much
Dammit someone just pulled the plug!
Chicago, IL need female for sports magazine shoot.
Nudity involved.
Pay is 1,000 dollars.
vote button is live, consolidation happening tomorrow.
Half way there!
If you have questions regarding our Spring Grant Cycle, please contact Mary Valadez:
it happened to me.
professorssional said it was my bulls championships doctorams.
Another bright side of the Duvall news: at least his dating prospects for the foreseeable future look pretty bleak.
wait I meant Sunday haha
haha I followed you.....doing the stalker.
Haha jk.
also i have just found a nice purple sheet i bought a while back and i dont know whether to incoprate it into my outfit for tonight..
Something Somewhere by Someone!
It is fast come up on nesting season!
Have you checked your roof vents to be sure no feathered friends are moving in?
elbow was unintentional!
stern will give him 5 at least cause of reputation.
Cumulus hires WW1's Dennis Green as SVP of Affiliate Sales  Broadcast Ops.
WW1 ups Max Krasny to SVP/GM of Ent.
Division  Affiliate Sales.
I LOVE MONDAYS YA OH YA OH YAA
What grade will you be teaching?
Ending pride weekend by watching Tony's
CHECKOUT Meech Dogg single JUICED UP on youtube, I follow back got you tell some friends we tOwW uP, HELP!!!
us gain more fans THANKS...
Never turn your back on someone cuz u never know if u going to need them or never see them
I opened a box of PB Sandwiches, but the Caramel deLites are calling my name.
Excited about the upcoming session on managing growth.
It's not about the smile you wear but the way we make out
Check out collusion.toolness.org  find out which companies are tracking you in a visual map.
Works only in
definitively!
lets do it...
thanks man i appreciate it, excited for next saturday!
Thanks for the RT!
Voting ends at midnight tonight..we need a strong lead so we can play the Hard Rock!
Don't you just hate the spam that goes around on twitter!?!?
Let's all tweet Austin MERRY CHRISTMAS AUSTIN!
:D
: Sometimes I forget to say that I love you, but baby please know that I do.
Jason Aldean
they going hard on akatas in my tl Lmao
Great, thanks!
I'll look for it!
lol i am
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves
you are not a fan either?
I will have two grilled cheese waiting for both of you on the 7th.
Maybe a side salad with ranch hah
thanks!!!
We have that song available for download and a ringtone too If you ever want it..thanks for listening!
: Media Center...
I even asked around.
They said it should b cool but seemed to b not sure though
If Gringrich wins the Republican nomination and election, will he make Romney go live in a colony on the moon?
thank you!!
on The Score right now!
Check it out on Mile High Sports Radio AM1510...
hey can you put a link to the videos i cant find them??!
Miami's refs won't let them down
.
More than one person sporting Orioles gear here.
I've got my Sosa authentic home jersey on hand at
Hi Group This is my first time to lrncht.
I am a graduate student at Northeastern University studying Corporate and Organizational Comm.
I'm not sure.
If someone is trying to put one together I think they should do that too.
I'd love to be a part of it!
Note 'being a good boss means hiring good people and then getting out of their way'  overheard
I wrote a very terrible theeparagraph story.
It was after midnight, but before going to bed.
That counts, right?
:P
i luv that reggae spice, it makes me feel like im flyin
surprises for each other keep it fresh.
Keeps the love flowing.
spoils me.
Im blessed
McD's should put Mac sauce on a cheeseburger and sell it as a Small Mac.
You heard it here first, folks.
Fo sho man.
: Let's DO IT: Schoolboy Q June 21 who's riding with me?
Six months from now we will have another historic election.
that's good.
How come your loosing friends.?
damn it damn it..Syracuse!
still got love for my orange!
oh my goodness !
I am so not a morning person  but i got a party later on tonighht  so it's al god !
you should have taken me with you!!
I get to be Dan then
nah man.
i see YOU bringing the crown to Chicago.
Follow on KeeK!
I guess we now know what 'excelsior' is in reference to.
I can't wait for my day off, I need to catch up on some sleep!
Vermont's a great country too..
Anyone have a git gui that they like?
I want to use git, but I really don't like command line.
: Any snowboard fans ?!
I'm a fan of any sport bro!
it's Zumba on crack lol you can YouTube it to see clips and imagine doing that for an entire hour w no breaks.
TeAmo Matt Hunter:
did anyone else watching the giants game see the ticker and assume it was an amber alert for betty white?
No.
Wasn't really feasible.
Cheaper to stay around here, plus we got coverage of Maine whenever they came down.
Are we going back to 55 MPH?
The EPA wants us to...
what do you think??
Join the conversation at CatalystBusinessRadio .com
mysterious fly appears out of nowhere.
They call me Moses.
Unwinding with ' Make My
Thanks for a great first 30 years lord
Text would be nice :
WE LOVE YOU IN GH
it was so hot and with the 8 songs I sang and all the dancing I do I was HOT.
Did you get this person to sign a release form before posting?
the world is an infunce and ur apart of that and i thaank u for doing it bigger dann thse other wanna be wrap 
I'll be tuning in.
Really curious as to outcome.
You too!
Hope you weekend is wonderful!
You know it, just me and my tote bag.
Ha.
It's cool though, already has me looking forward to PR.
SB89 narrowly passes 2822 and moves to the House
I should also have honorary MA's in linguistics and special education.
Up early for no reason, this is not how days off are suppose to be!
I hope he does very soon!!
I'll try to tweet Jim when I see him on for u !!
I've got a massive craving for Chips Doritos to be Exact yumm!!!
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head
yeah...I guess
why have money at all?
You are so welcome!
I'm almost as sad about the death of Bran  Rickon as the death of Hodor  not seeing Hodor say hodor anymore
I know...
but it still doctorves me nuts!
What is the hardest part about being a painter.
Tell us your story and we may feature you in the next issue of ArtsNFashion magazine.
cuts gap in half since last P; statistical dead heat on competitiveness vs.
Walker in general.
I also cannot stop listening to both of these bands.
They are my new favorites.
Once upon a time...
In a nazi occupied France
Can't wait to get my new phone wed!!
I love you for this.
that was great, thank you.
Get ready to hear from us Atlanta!
and Please change your password ASAP.
Your Twitter account has been hacked.
doctormmer boy33
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEISHA!!!!!!
:
that's a great story.
With lies you may get ahead in the world  but you can never go back.
they're having a resurgence?
What?
My dad helped run one when I was small
Here we salute fabulous women
Life is words words words words, words...
Anyone checking out at the Adler Planetarium this weekend?
It looks and sounds so rad!
I wish we'd get a , tho.
they outta style?
I got so much swag even when its dark i still shine!
The only thing fresher than Orangina: bees.
Generation gaps become more apparent through text message speed.
Finally I can officially welcome to the team!
Yes they are coming out GREAT its sparkling blue!!
I'm entering into the final stages of making my first album!
this is so exciting, Be looking for my album With Everything in January!
happy to help.
this topic important  woefully underdiscussed.
plus you  writing gives me more to cite :
And you can live through anything if magic made it
I always seem to lose my chapsticks .
Shit I'd love to but this one is bad bro.
Gotta see a guy about this one.
Star Wars rules
I'm a fan from Mississippi: actually...MORE than a fan!: I will always love and support you!.: 3
Me!!!!!
RT : Watching this Vets Wanted thing on CNN now but I wanna do something tonight.
Anyone trying to go bowling?
Plants can add a natural pop of color in a home,  a nod to the latest trends from the natural world.
Right!
I mean, if you're the President, who cares if anyone else is saying it!
You hv to gv up your keys to the everyman lounge.
We'll be talking with and tonight!
Winning trivia team tonight!
Go, Advocates!
SURF REPORT: 46 ft shoulder high to 1 ft.
overhead occ.
7 ft.
FAIR CONDITIONS
dude you need to manscape those pubes.
They almost look like a pussy,
Another Fresh Session doctorpping Tonight Stay Tuned....
Some old guy:I no what the hell that is!
ugh iight dude chill out no need for all that smh
Welcome to twitter and greetings to Tokyo!
Chicken wings, pasta and potato salad, chips and salsa...all the favs!
Hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas!!
My Christmas was wonderful, spent time with family and friends in Arizona.
I Know right lol Real Shit
we usually sing and hang out in the basement.then have like a 5 minute talk about God at the end.its sweet!
Happy birthday  Love you
practice, failure, practice, failure, practice, success.
What the what?
cupcake baking in 2 hours
Apparently there is a jet fuel fire at the
Lol shut up!!!!
RT : I think oomf got the bg's on a plane hahaha
Have only ONE RULE!!!
Be your wild, courageous, brilliant self every single day...No MaTTer WhAt!!!
3
FUCK american style so called one direction i LOVE my uk/irish they r the best!!!!!
Wuthering Heights is what happens when an author puts ONLY unhealthy 4s in a novel and has them roam free.
Austin has six letters and so does talent.
Coincidence?
I think not.
Today was a good day
thanks!!
I try my best
wish I didn't know your pain, Andy.
Lost my mom last month.
Don't know you personally, but am so sorry for your loss.
Fisher is a good coach RT Wonder how sustainable that faninterest is...
they had a couple of big years lately
I've never understood it either
I don't feel tired while I'm doing it, I feel invigorated.
Mark Christopher Lawrence Tribal Energy Cardio
thanks!
Finally back at work today too!
You may have afresh start any moment you choose, for this thing that we call 'failure' is not the falling down, but the staying down
How Amazing Was Glee Last Night Loves?
: xx
Thanks!
You can vote everyday once a day:
Aerological observations by Weather Balloon  Zeppelin on Weather Ship VOLNA, N.Atlantic, Apr 1990
TV: RT : Five letters can make a world of difference.
Text BOOKS to 50555 to donate 10 to BPL.
In the mail from : A.
Waugh's House of Wittgenstein, not yet pub'd in US.
Juicy beach reading!
Alas, no beach vacation in sight.
That tweet wasn't about you...
sorry.
So there's this guy he has my heart and he doesn't even know it3
omg yes3333333
Thanks for visiting our dealership!
We hope you had a great experience with us.
This next song im writing is dedicated to those who feel alone, this songs called Destroying what destroys you
i believe if you refer to prior tweets i begged the Ravens to sign jacoby jones...
great acquisition
Thanks 4 presenting both sides of marriage equality in an informed, intelligent manner.
We need more of this on all topics.
one hundoctord eleventy days until the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade!
There should have been mister Lanie in Always!!!
Free rim job?
lol
Eating dinner , damn I missed my family's cooking...
Our 40th Anniversary is on Dec 3 and 4.
Enter our Maui Mall Memories Photo Contest or our Keiki Art Contest.
Call 8778952 or 8711307.
Haha good to know.
I just play what they tell me to :
So Cool!!
Two gr8 choices!!
Much Love RT: I found the cheetah watch!
and also purchased the peacock watch as a gift!
fridayreads The Night Circus by Erin Morgenstern.
Joining AFTRA this week so I can be grandfathered into
Hi !
and I are neighborhood pals  Go Wickerpark  Bucktown chicago !
Vinny is Your Twitter Bff?
My first duty as a member of BrickSquad is to find out what BrickSquad is
Wow!
I really disagree with the NYT 10 Best Books this year.
The Art of Fielding  The Tiger's Wife
Red, the schemer.
Black, the Badass.
Blonde, self proclaimed leader.
Light Brown, the doctorggie.
Prima, the inside Woman.
RED BLACK  BLONDE!!
LOL...you know you're out of line for that.
Enjoy the gamer pretty lady, hope it's not the last for us!!!
gotta go get it...
I wish people would just stop and think about what they're doing.
i have three.
so yes.
ill pray about sharing the third with
Doing well David, enjoying a extra day off.
Been very busy with work lately, not a lot of time for social media.
Metro you are slow today!
Oh, yeah, Purell.
My good friend.
I love it when people cough or sneeze and then give me their card.
:P
WHAT DO YOU MEAN NO AWARD FOR FICTION?
sorry to hear,hope you brush that off ASAP
Hey Dears: When am I going to see you next?
Big Hugs...
Bbworld11 New Behind the Blackboard coming soon.
you left early!
that's why I missed you...i saw you at lunch and then got sidetracked!!
boo!!
Thanks for the FF this week and last.
What I'd love to be doing tomorrow is doctornking from a flask at a book reading...but Milwaukee's not on her list!
do yall help with people who wants to become a model, writer and actress?
I only need two more Beatles CDs to complete my Beatles Remastered set.
Don't you agree they are the best group ever?
Lets start a rap, please contribute!...We are macaroon making and cheese grating...cookie connoisseurs that make your belly roar.....
Two faced bitches these days..
I'm playing tonite w/ some of my favorite musicians : , , Mamiko Watanabe, Lucas Pino and Chris Stover!
I KNOW YOU ARE A GREAT BUISNESS WOMAN AND WE ALL RESPECT THAT ...
BUT I ALSO THINK IT HAS SOMETHING TO DO WITH THOSE JEANS LOL
delivered 2,750 baskets to unerprivileged and sick childoctorn this year!
Thank you Las Vegas!
Hey Knoxville!
We'll be filming a promo tomorrow at .
If ya want a chance to be in it find our producer Mike between 13 PM!
Thank you
Damn finally finished with work, Ot baby
Who's already started celebrating?
i'm gonna follow back everyone that's following me as soon as i get home.
: promise.
sick game dude!!!!
Had fun watchin u light up those vikings.
Good add by
That can be arranged.
: I'll be lottoing next weekend, and will be there all next week.
A friend of mine was racially harassed at T.J.
Rockwell's last night.
Can we get some media coverage on this?
Some.
People.
Like.
Intense.
Forest.
Fires.
ADAPT follows the Beaverton School District snow schedule.
Please check here and our home page for updates for tomorrow morning.
do you read your mentions?
:
With recent tweets about Robert Allen and ugly girls at aTm, is scoring some serious twitter points during the bad OSU game.
I hope she falls into one of the machines  work
Wondering if the Pulitzer prize for will end the debate at work about deep reading online.
Probably not.
I hope everyone had a great Valentine's day xoxo Vic
Congrats, dude!
I assume the Chell in the name is an intentional Portal reference?
what can I do to help?
I already refer to him as a corpse in daily conversation.
From what I've seen in tributes, Steve Jobs inspired more people than Elvis did.
Wow.
I may be insensitive but have a hard time thinking a 9 year old cares at all about twitter.
So happy:
me too
: RT : no Dora, I don't see the mountain behind your fat ass head!
Get ready for colossal crawfish Sunday.
Tell your friends.
Thanks for the RT's  Mentions  !
So be ready, we're giving out a bunch of stuff tonight to thankyou for ur support!
right.
SaySomethin tweet tweet.;
White Whale friends in Austin!
SAVE THE DATE!
White Whale is hosting a game preview party, January 12th at !
Details to come!
I applaud the folks protesting NATO.
Them fools got choppas.
And I'm a nigger.
I'm too broke to die right now.
Y'all have fun.
And be safe.
Tomorrow I want to play a prank on Cody.
RT if anyone would want to participate with me!
that's insane.
My mom is working in that area now.
I know and that pisses me off
No better or more honest Christmas gift than a SF  LA TShirt.
Orange and Black are the colors of the season!
www.WeBeGreater.com
I feel so sick.
no judgement here!
sick dudes!
Thank you all sincerely for your support over the years and kind tweets!
I heard you got my Complete Vocal Primer!
And you're going to be demonstrating for your worship team?
Woo hooo!
So exciting!
Oh hello :
RT nashualibrarynh We've collected tons of Books for Soldiers.
Postage donations needed to send them!
8.50 per box.
Call 5894610.
A lead can stay a lead.
Don't be mad when I make it about money when I prestige yall did it to me.
People who smile are thinking about doing something evil.
People who laugh have already done it.
The goaltending stinks in the Flyers and Penguins series!
Too many soft goals.
Welcome to mister Dorn.
WV National Guard, Army n Air, are bout 6,500 strong  43 are college grads or are attending ...
78 if including trade schools.
These dayz u alwayz need an exit plan
I feel what he saying about buying unnecessary stuff but he be over the top
Midgets hate when I break into the Safety Dance.
lol when are you coming to LA damnit?
see the summer cottage!
Sleeping in was awesome
I like Smash.
There, I said it.
It's thirsty Thursdays!
Get your doctornk on!!!
you're welcome!
well that's good your quitting, were you a heavy smoker?
Lol
I am so excited to see you !
I am counting down the hours!
It's been far too long!
I would like to hear that!!!
You seem to have a way with words
Oh man, I heard!
I'm so bummed I couldn't doctorve over and gawk at the goats!
not hours.
I've just seen about a dozen I don't give a shit about The Avengers Tweets or FB status updates in the last couple of days
I'm so unbelievably happy right now.
Much happier than Boise State's Matt Miller.
GO FROGS!!!
I stick up with the bullshit from others and you treat me like you do?
Why did i like u in the first place?
Ron Artest is back!
They need a cure for stupidity.....or at least a law allowing to kill them, it's the humane thing to do.......

here in Dallas by the world trade center..
GM Tweoples!
It's time 2 Rise  Grind!
Some breakfast, gym, then back on the grind!
Shout 2  new followers!
GG was a fixture in the tent area where we were staying.
Pulp f'in stole Glasto tho this year.
Chat soon.
someone stole my arizona ice tea.........
Thank you!
The Avengers was Great!
tryin to holla at all the girls.
Reminds me of the dudes who hang out on the back row at church!
Here's the headline for or tomorrow: The Green Bay Massacre.
This game shouldn't even be this close
Maybe I'm late on this but has anyone looked at Hasselbeck's stats in the last 4 games combined?
Gotta be off the hook!
I'm not at a point in my life where I have any love to give away.
WHAT is this about you leaving?!
We're going to miss you mucho.
Awesome job!
A good life is a significant argument.
Great time with libshow peeps and got a cool hoodie too!
Go go GSO!!
No Fat Chicks.
On air for the last time!
Go to georgetownradio.com, and click Listen Live
I'm not a playa I just crush a lot.
I so know how u feel
Tomorrow will be interesting
supportlocalmusic Live songs today only on join me in the chatroom.
requests welcome.
no promises
Merge Bad Beat Jackpot Hits at Over 1 Million
MentionYourCrush lol half of yal gonna lie.
No ever really tell who the REAL crush is
I'm still investigating PrePaid Legal.
Please let me know your experiences with them if you have any.
Btw...
Ganoderma Coffee is great!
Link Exchange: www.thetxphotographer.com For blogging photographers.
I sure did.
I read that and thought, That's just a sad night for everyone.
Good luck with your laptop situation, Grace.
Follow me on instagram , I'll follow back 
I'm a perfect modern gentleman!
One team, One Bullshit Team
Have your capper show pictures of a R8 or Gold they can't they are scams they do not bet on the games....
I saw the pizza picture!
LOL
While you're in that area, you must check out Publick House too!
he was SO FUNNY!
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha oh mister Z!
He was my favorite teacher!!!!!
say three Hail Marys and you are good to go.
It's not what good girls do, not how they should behave.
My head gets so confused...
Hard to obey!
Pissed I'm at work and not watching the pacers...
Because new rental buildings have also not been added, vacancy rates now average 1.25 in Manhattan, according to CitiHabitats.
wow I'm not alone, till this day I cannot watch that movie.
Not even listen in background!!
Scary!
Again?
When will he give up that title?
Happy birthday to the one and only !
Your freakin crazy and I miss you 
Tip of the day: the internet is a great place to meet online friends!
finna change mi background again lml
Advice  Always have someone smarter than you, funnier than you and wiser than you in your crew.
You'll be better off for it.
you would!
:
Chem was greek to me.
I usr to marvel at the words coming out of my teacher's mouth.
I favor video streams when it comes to sci
trust me it's fun
We are moving to Solano Mall, Last 1 day...!!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
I need followers
Sometimes u feel like u dnt have nobody
Back in the day when I used to spend HOURS fixing my MySpace page, looking for the perfect song to fit my mood,  updating my professorle pic
unbecoming right?
so inappropriate
Stop spamming me with this shit i dont care fuck off
WORST EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE.
Thank you, !
It was wonderful seeing you last night!
it's the truth.
It's cool though
Hey there!
Thank you!
Whoda thunk it?
gets his braces of today!!
3
TellHimYouLoveHim lol yeah cause that would go well not
I love those random late night phone calls.
The ones that was just to say goodnight but you happen to fall asleep on the phone .
yes i do
My head: Food Food Family Food Food Ariana Ariana Ariana Ariana Food Food Family Food Food  Food Ariana Family
Who's your money on tonight DW??
embarrasing...and painful haha pullin a Molly, and yupp, did you take that pack of gum?
We can practice those moves in Port A.
Potential dance for wedding!
sorry Mac just missed ya
I saw the dude moments later and he was clearly compensating.
Anyone have any thoughts on best Christmas gifts for 2009??
M ...
Burger joint at the meridien in NYC.
The most delicious outofplace little place ever.
And it has the thing with the stuff, ...
Hell yeah.
LA Dolly!
I even like the horns.If you have 2, you can always go back 2 Wills  Cooley to justify horns in country.
WOW!
I haven't been on Twitter since Sept.
5?!?!?!
How is everyone?
Anything new?
At for some brunch!
You are welcome!
Doing well, no kiddo as of this morning.
;
Finalizing the new brand and website for Romines High Pockets Keep an eye out ...
I want that to be a match up come September with Gio winning 10 moving onto the world series and wining the Cy Young
My 3DS is a rockin' little box with Resident Evil Revelations, can't put it down!
Ha ha ha!
RT : Apocalypse Now ...
More like a Cock On The Lips Now!
Whoa these girls think they can shuffle better than me.
Not gonna happen.
Thank you Jim!
awww : i hope u start 2 feel better!
Lick my pussy Betch !
get into it
its my birthday 2day!
UFConFOX now its time for Jim Miller to DoWork on Diaz
Good Morning Pretties...planted some trees for earthday!
How did you help save the earth?
little angel me?!
I wouldn't dare compromise the mission!
.
I really hate dumb ass people .
Well, that injury to Alex Gonzalez certainly doesn't look good.
It couldn't have been that bad!!
All you mass holes just don't know how to live in the great outdoors.
Come eat at Moe's and leave me a big tip:
it will be good!
And I hope either one beats the AFC choices!
Hey...thanks for following but I don't use this account.
I tweet about marketing/mobile/social from
koa2 was such an amazing success!
Fight the good fight, sir.
The rest of us have your back.
RT RT for your chance to win 2 tickets to see at on June 6th!
Don't want to start today.
preach it!
thanks!
I'm ready for Saturday
Help!
I am looking for the play of the day from last week.
The little league kids throwing an out.
Link?
Thanks!
Haha!
Awesome!
Thanks!!
The difference between flu games of Kobe and Jordan is that Jordan had a much better team.
We build doctorams of the world,  live in them, thinking they're real.
And they are.
s/o TeamJaylonTate !
Where Our Motto Is...Don't Be A Hater, Be A Jay Tater.!
if dont come threw with the W ima quit rappin
Brian Williams and my cats.
Your wealth can only grow to the extent that you do.
T.
Harv Eker
Didn't even notice you could write in the snow tell you sent me that pic.
Cool!
Word.
400 followers.
S/O to all you pruney faggots.
Organic HouseMade Granola  doctored fig  cranberry / macadamia nut / goat cheese yogurt
Success is never convenient and easy Dani Johnson
Sure!
We are a social review company and we want to connect with movers/shakers to get their thoughts/feedback.
The man who chases 2 rabbits catches none  Roman Proverb
RED ALBUM!!!
Just fork the highway on GItHub and put in your own interchanges wherever you want them.
RT : The Packers will trail in the 4th quarter today.
boldpredictions But going into the 1st QT, they'er all tied up
you probably know of someone too that you haven't told don't you!!?
lol jk
Have a great time and thanks for using ShowClix!
yea i know!!!
S/O MY MANS
Hey.
Tune in at the 4pm hour for a chance to win tix to Neon Indian this friday at the Metro Chicago.
Yours truly, 88.7 WLUW.
so sick of socalled friends
thanks for the rt!
You can always email me at  we're jolly good designers and cost effective too!
Thank you for stopping by the other day!
Congratulations to the Class of 2012!
Once an eagle, always an eagle.
Good Morning Everyone :
seriouslythat was a tweet of the highest order.
oh thats awesome!!
i can listen to cowboy casanova all night.
it fits my mood PERFECTLY3
: Everything happens for a reason.
No you just screwed up.

Happy!
Happy!
Your Day!
Here's hoping its the best year yet!
A happy day on our set!
RT Thank you to Bob for the pick up.
Crew is very happy!
Lots of cheering this morning!
that new meek mill goes hard tho !
Just found Disney's Aladdin on Family Channel HD.
UFC 144 streaming on the laptop.
It'd be awesome to see you at THE PUB on Broadway today.
will be there with , 57pm doing our NASCAR Game Tourney
Hooray!
RT Brand new tonight at 8pm PST!
Talking all things Fincher with of the !
The Giving Of Love Is An Education Its Self.
You too!
Keep up the good work and keep me in the loop!
Looks like GameOfThrones guys don't want to offer any more boobs!
Witch owls and Christian saint revealed in Mona Lisa landscape.
New visualizations of the Mona Lisa Code have been released recently.
That's horrible.
I hadn't heard that yet but I'm really surprised by the news.
I have an overwhelming desire to correct people who pass me on the street spewing historically incorrect information.
An ex should stay an EX.
They're an EXample of the wrong love  an EXplanation for why you deserve better!
Its raining sideways :P
i love working on saturday nights.
sundays too.
fun fun fun.
They also set the technological trends and delivery mechanisms.
EX: Beta versus VHS
Natalie portman is so pretty!
Thank you Tiger!
I needed that today :o RAWH!
I just saw tweet tht they said wbout the soul train award DOES THT MEANT THERE GOIN TO BE IN THE SOULTRAIN AWARD PeaceLuv
We are wrapping up some great projects!
Checkin and checkout whats cookin!
Shailene Woodley likes DNA imprints at the Golden Globes
AGREED!
thank you!
If I could, replace faded with Photoshop.
lol
Laptop or mobile?
Thanks for the updates today, I am very interested in your tweets and I think you are doing a great job.
thus making you insane?
Happy Independence Day!
Where do you think the best place for fireworks is?
all about awareness...first step to get ppl thinking about ordering if they don't win
what it do just got up feel like shit but im meeting wit dolocity today so i have to start brain storming for my next song.
Our strange perversions add to our charm,  we don't consider u vapid so much as easily peerpressured.
This  part of ur charm.
At least they're the type of people I'm used to, and can be normal around.
no he shouldn't that bad written all over
ok.
working at 5am after working till 10pm and baking a cake the night before, while working a half hour away...really sucks!
so tired
thanks love, I wish my eyes were open though.
Yours is sexy btw
I love it 3 ; RT : i remember introduced and to weed.
haha danng im a bad.
:p
Pm BlackF1r3 at i4i to that how ive been talking to him
HBD to the Heat's king of the court...27 is the lucky number for a championship
Welcome to the Twitter page for Larry H.
Miller Hyundai Albuquerque!Follow us for exclusive content about contests,deals, news and more!
LastTimeIChecked Taylor was beautiful....
SHE STILL IS!
3
aww well thank you how sweet of you !
have you heard any of my music?
jw
Thanks for the follow.
I really appreciate this
I would do that to!!
but with out the snow storm part lol
Alexander.
Not his finest moment
Can you please DM more details?
Which particular group are you referring to?
Then we can get it taken care of!
Tumblr app not working.
Who is your favorite band?
You tell me ...
will it work?
Am getting involved in local foreclosure mediation program  it appears 7th circuit in fl is now officially inundated with these cases...
Get 20 for 40 worth of food/doctornks at Los Toltecos Mexican Restaurant in Winchester at www.cityciao.com
On that College shit
We only need us, and the funny boys on myyearbook 3
BTW, can you DM email addoctorss.
I still have to send you the info on the teenpreneur from Bridgewater
P.S.
they bumped us up a division because we have a black person and a 6'4 asian on our team
You go girl!
Dig, dig, dig!!
First time I've ever seen a Broadway showtune during a journalism conference.
Thx, of ProPublica.
Ariana we got it back : It said that they got confused and now we have no followers anymore can you please give us a shoutout?
we always make it at home and it is so much healthier!
Please pray for our dear friend Cindy Morrone!
She will be going through cancer treatment soon...
102 more 'likes' and we will release some music that you can download fo free!
Please help spread the word!
It may be snowing but I hear robins...
spring can't be that far away
bitches keep it clean!
...when you were cleaning your backpack out and you couldn't find it in the first place, until you found it in the trash?
are you done with youtube?
Another BIG math test today:/
All intelligent thoughts have already been thought; what is necessary is only to try to think them again
what is he doing with tomatoes?
Happy St.
Patrick's Day to all our Tweeps  Irish or otherwise.
Have a fun, safe weekend.
: When a critic dislikes your work they're talking about the work..
That's called an Ad Hominem!
Shared Btown Kids and with hundoctords of people tonight..
lets just say I'm pretty stoked right now :
you finally met mister Toothbrush????
:
Thanks to all who are tweeting about your performances on the app!
Happy Thanksgiving!
I won't date you.
I don't like you.
I'm sorry, but I can't force myself to get feelings for someone.
I've poured out my heart today.
Very very inspired by Shine a Light at the Portland Art Museum.
Katie and I have ideas, lots of ideas...
:
doctor Staubus is up next on principles of pharmacology required in doctorgged doctorving cases.
I Remember being a little kid watching the sabotage vid on MTV and jammin out and rappin along with the beastie boys.
After a week of being stuck at home, I'm beginning to understand what Terrence Steadman was going through.
Do you love any sport?
Which one is it?
Which team do you support?
The Native Daughters of the Golden West have formed two tugofwar teams, and propose soon to have a contest.
I would watch.
Who would not?
Thanks Steve!
Happy Saturday to you!
Looks like another perfect day out there in ROC!
I get immediately frustrated when people call me hon but I usually let it go because it's just a part of their vocab
Congrats class of 1971, Arcadia High School!
Happy reunion tonight.
Oh don't worry, I got all up on that!
There's the Eli we all know and love!
Congrats TMLA Seniors you had a fantastic year and made me so proud !
Nice complex combination!
Cheers!
Nothing says it's Recycling Day like the cavalcade of crashing beer and wine bottles at 7:30 AM.
We do like our bevy up here in The Couve.
It's like they're completely clueless
I wish followed me
slush's are the best just take Makers crushed ice and slush!
Add a classic coca cola for a mid day delight!
Threw the baby out with the bathwater
As a Sharks fan, I'm just hoping the Cup doesn't go back to SoCal in my lifetime.
Bitch better have my money
NEVER!
I'll miss you!
:
Things already getting crazy tonight.
Local celebrities and bartenders already getting wild.
Get here now!
I just registered for in Sacramento on August 4th!
Can't wait!
To reveal my hand It's like i'm doing the worst i can To make you understand Maybe one day you will know
and the boyz need to come back to rollerjam :/
only kinda?
:
would love to see Gomez lead off
liking waking mars.
Not sure if it was their goal but I get a retro sci fi film feel.
Maybe I'll ask them at screenburn
grilled chicken, string beans, carrots, eating healthy
whenihadmyspace,  Heart of the KingThe Worlds greatest Elvis Tribute Show comes to June 24th www.heartofthekingontour.com
oh shut up!
Lol
Dani my Colombian instructor : hey mostafa , Me: wuts up bitch , dani: shikabala is really good player, Me: Wut thank u so much sir hahaha
Venable singles!!
Just need a homer.
I wanna see history!
RT  none Thanks for the mention
Thanks for the follow New York Update!
Great game..
I will admit that..
I'm on the edge of my seat
Just found out I've officially lost 12 lbs since starting in February  pretty awesome.
We're looking forward to the DesignCast webinar hosted by HOW Magazine at 1:00 today!
Is anyone else going to be there?
yeah I get ya!
I am too tbh!
But there's really not much we can do but try!
AB
Lol  RT : Someone tell Kobe to fix his face lmao
Sticks in a bundle cannot be broken.
Bondei Proverb
Do you feel safe parking in downtown Portland parking garages?
God, Family, then my crew, then my career, then whatever.
DETERMINATION  At Times It Takes Sheer Will To Overcome Adversity.
Wizard needs sleep badly.
Packing for the OTown Salsa Dancing, dancing and more dancing what better way to spend 4th of July
Now i'm at some lame straight bar ewwwww
WHAT'S UP BUTTERCUP?
WHOA WHOA WHOA WHOA.
Chuck Mead has them dancing.
my pleasure.
See you tomorrow!
loser ass nigga
: This is ridiculous.
Another kid from my hometown was killed in a car accident.
good luck at the ACMs tonight!
yeah you did.
He yelled at me
I might have just exceeded the optimal green tea intake for the day...
60 degrees in Chicago today!
I'm ready to be outside!
so happy to have seen in Hawaii.
Want to see him ASAP.
:10 yrs ago 2day was the earliest morning I've ever been 2 work.
U were worth it!
Happy anniversry frm NY!
I miss you  everyone!
I can't stop thinking about what one of my teachers did today as we gave her a flower!
OMG!
I'm going to miss her so much!
Hey Julie...
Did you get my email the other day?
Wow..
I tweet DONE to and and they haven't done a shout out : plz guys!
I'm begging you, I need a shoutout!:
I cannot deny this
I love Watkins this time of year!
Daudi Were was at the frontlines of 's development during the Kenya elections in 2007
I'd rather they use panthers than UWM myself..
No Problem!
Thank you for helping Baltimore's Babies!
I had great experience in a recent visit to your store in the King of Prussia Mall at FNO  The staff was amazing as are you!
Psst.
You gotta password?
If so, enjoy true speakeasy style jazz with Bob Tate tonight in our Black Diamond Lounge.
5:00p9:00p
HBO GO is the absolute nuts.
Totally recommend signing up for it.
Awesome.
I have diverticulitis.
And a 3day old baby.
I hate being a hostage to my lack of technological knowledge.
Send me a geek squad please!
When I get back to the crib I'm doctorpping right into bed
Thanks, we try :
It's not good to suck that
This stressfull week is almost over.
Thank u Tina!
I will keep you posted.
We've been out for beers before, haven't we?
Perhaps with The Bennish?
But first off to for cleaning stuff
LMAO, I am not crazy boy
super straight forward on that tweet knowitall 
We have our spare change ready for trickortreaters.
Cc:
that's just gross
Happy Easter!
I think kaylee and dani will both make it, both have played well
Register for Resonate2012 Worship Conference and our 38th LIVE Recording!
April 1113  www.cfnmusic./resonate
awesome we'll get you in on the live tweeting action.
Did you download hootsuite for andoctorid?
new jay oh bee?
Tell me what's happening!
Oh how I missed my team over spring break!
Amen : : Thank you very much!
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Let us pray they deliver what we want!
What happens when I try studying?
Skyping with of course...
:
sam hurd screwed up but lets focus on this new year time to clean the slatecp3 lets get on that real ish
Thanks, Tommy.
Auburn Chautauqua represent.
I love the Retro doctorss it reminds me of my Aunt's wedding doctorss circa 1963
Incoming MBA class will include employees of Johnson  Johnson, Pfizer, BASF, Dominion, Genworth, Federal Reserve Bank, Altria  Bon Secours
Apparently shifting books leads to back ache...
Who knew?
preparing shrimp cocktail and steaks tonight.
Stoked!
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
We need to have a dialog with students as a university...
Thanks!
Appreciate the props.
But now to hit the books!
what a beautiful day for Philly's favorite shopping event!
we lucked out with the sun.
:
what song is that
okay that made me snort!
will see you there with !
/3 I miss you too.
Up, out and on the move.
Make today count!
Thank you, , for including me in your mention.
yeah...
ill see what happens  i hope everything works out 
Thank you!
Always appreciate your RTs.
Listening to Velvet underground and reading about Lisp
just had a yummy dinner of Mahi Mahi with chinese cabbage, spaghetti squash and TJ's sweet pepper sauce.
It looks like it's not alwayssunnyinphiladelphia perfect excuse to work on those bucket lists!
That is what you get for not going directly to his social secretary!
He is in  and tell your wife to come too 4 a zoo date :
Only  Grand Central Market can you get spirulina, a hand made pupusa and freshly juiced carrots/apples/beets
how can I remember if I don't even know what wes talking about
let's do work soon in LA mat 18th20th.
So that's Arsenal , Juventus and St.Mary.
Well done!
Hang u boots up and maybe start training ur two boys.
Insane thunderstorms are here.
Showers for my wedding shower?
hahahahaha, just spit out my iced coffee looking at that...
spelled it wrong but ok
I'm such a crybaby..my dad's gone for two weeks to visit family in Mexico.
I hate goodbyes.
:'
not on this account he doesnt.
but on my personal account he does :
Loving our Lakers in the 2nd round playoffs!
Clippers battling with Memphis  all heart!
This is LA!!!!
What does OccupyPortland have in store today?
Follow all of the continuing developments on Fox12Oregon tonight at 5  10 p.m.
Last Fri real estate word unscramblenotarize, 2days WORD:ccyotnena HINT: joint, u cn't bild reputation on what ur going 2 do henry ford
definitely would love the smashbrothers in your magazine  we'll be submitting our EP as soon as selectohits gives us the OK!
Yea just workin hard and playin hard!
BIG TIME RUSH was amazing at the Dolphins vs.
Cowboys game
you should have a DM day like on saturdays where you DM fans!..
its been so long, i'd love to do that again!
Thanks, Anne.
Our clients make us look great, and we hope to do the same for them.
So, it seems only fitting ...
Chillin' on my old block :'
finally feeling the effects of that root canal today....
uggghhh
Question of the night...What makes a sex addict a sex addict???
Tried Tiger but he didnt answer his phone ha ha
through this.
Please take my word for consideration.
I'm just looking out for you
would love to see you in Munich!
I do approve.
Well, I don't because a CF means things are going wrong, but I like your style.
If I were president, there'd be no wars.
The U.S.
would develop comedy as a defense mechanism
For now just sleep my sweet.Don't worry about what tomorrow brings.So lets pretend that we're giants among common men.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
what did you find particularly true?
:D thank you!!!
you got this, one mo' minute!!
I love watching Dexter!
Who else dose?
School Leaders Network meeting in Kansas City this morning.
We have great charter leaders here working to provide quality education.
I know she is!
Jus wish I could see her one more time to say goodbye!
I never got the chance 2!
You know what's really awesome?
Going to sleep instead of waiting for inevitable server explosions at a Blizzard launch
sry for twitter/storify spam, figuring it out
I would show up, but I'm not sure you want some strange fanyboy mouthbreathing whilst y'all eat at Frank.
Passive language, sir.
It shrank cuz econ improved,  Reagan no longer Prez!
BEST PUMPERNICKEL BAGEL EVER!
:
10FactsAboutMe 4: I am a closet fanfiction author.
If any of my friends found out I'd die of embarrassment.
RIP Steve Jobs
is going running...yes i said running...for the first time in 5 years.
Gotta get back into shape...summertime and 30 are fast approaching.
Don Cornelius, the producer and television host who created the television dance show Soul Train, RIP
theres like four hallways .
gonna be lost.
The past is bullshit, the future is bullshit, i live in the now!:
live on Tue!
Dance party?
Yes and thank you!
8 PM 10 AA
Where is shivan?
:
Hahaha thanks for pointing that out.
Great idea : And you can study while on the treadmill.
.
.
AERA went fast!
Heading home
FRIEND: don't be judgemental.
ME: fuck that i'll say what I want.
Good lord son.
Hell of a night, ahe?
LOL
They asked me to play the Old Spice guy but I refused to wear the towel.
Customer said he spent 1st 15 mins of his massage smiling.
He was looking for affordable massage option  found it.
Mission accomplished!
I tell my mom I love her,she goes yeah right .
lmaoo
bella you are the girl you can actually shake it up better than anyone but your the best please reply and follow me please!
hahaha yeah hahaha and cute : talking about cute lol your pp is adorable
Come at me bro!
I keep walking by but being tempted by the birthday Oreo.
FF and for the best mashup startup EVER!
holla atya boy.
i got that music on deck 4 ya
to single handedly put a smile on the world.
Awesome!
Just left a comment on your comic strip!
I'll try to follow this 
Al Sharpton look like an Old ass katt Williams.....
Not as sleepy as I thought I would be
The Browns picked a Weedle?
Don't they realize he only knows how to use String Shot?
will u be here tomorroww?!
if jordan shaved his head, i think id scream so loud thatd he even hear it
Thank you!
We're so glad you enjoy :D
You gotta love so why won't you follow him?
We hope you have a wonderful visit and we wish you a very happy birthday!
Stay at HOME.
Make money.
Lose weight.
XYNGULAR!
Join me!
; www.Xyngular.com/tigger
Thought for the day: the funny thing about life and working out no results until you push past what you thought you could do!
thats the key.
If he loses his rookie status then the timing of the big league promotion becomes an issue.
Alright, what do YOU think about them remaking Dirty Dancing?
It was a real honor being included in this esteemed group of professorssionals!
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 42
Gary your a wonderful dad :
Advance Auto Parts Introduces Exclusive Wearever Platinum Premium Brake Pads
Its ok baby I feel much better now thanks to you!
: Thank you for taking such good care of me!
what the heck was it?
It's doctorving me crazy!
Cunard Line  Princess Cruises have great Holiday Deals available for sailings in the Caribbean, Panama Canal  Hawaii!
Call us 8008037245
I hate it...but I love it
I KNOW RIGHT?
hahaha.
Be familiarize though.
I know your a dog.
but try to add more knowledge.
HAHA!
Holy balls, man.
If tomorrow is anything like today imma kill myself.
thank you nice to hear!!
It nevr fails 2 amaze me when a topic is trending thr is no way 2 actually read wht's being posted due 2 the share vol of posts.
The guy sounds like a matinee idol.
Schmidt has the best lines.
NewGirl :
You know what I hate about Minute Maid Park?
That we're down 02 against THE ASTROS.
The LSU coach lost the game by not making player changes in an attempt to improve chemistry!!!
Movie recommendation is Stephen Spielberg's The People Under the Stairs
The Great American Party 9 was insane.
Great job
nailed my audtion today....
My shoes got shipped out : Jus got the email.
I ate all the nachos...ALL THE NACHOS
hmm no I don't know him
What, no Outback love?
We're crushed.
what do you want to hear?
My dog is scared of a cat.
I thought cats are scared of dogs.
Very unusual.
Waiting in a virtual waiting room for tickets.
The only reason I can imagine wanting to go to Wrigley.
It's Friday!!
: I LOVE those shorts!
thanks metoo!
I'm obsessed.
I have a pair if not 2 pairs in every color ever.
watched 2 tonights eppy already and those minute clips I was bawling my eyes out..I am not prepared for this at all
Cant wait for your new album believe , Hope you have fun in that studio :
: Honestly, I don't know which one I'm in love with, you, or the memories.
Don't you have a ways to go with college classes?
justcheckin'
invest a lot more in expertise than they have traditionally.
build an echo chamber.
Thanks!
Now I'm embarrassed I just realized I misspelled claps as class.
Doh.
Good luck!!!
Thanks for the retweet!
Charlie Z
Audition for New Era, lay down more guitar takes, interview with Goldman Sachs, then another audition.
I miss Lamarya and Lamar....
Don't u ?
Dem was my roll dogs
Making money tho so I won't complain!
hope it works as beautifully as the packaging!
If it's fab, where is it available?
RT : RT : Q3: What tools or resources does a small brand need to go up again a big brand competitor?
Less than a week until Colorful Fantasies at Hedo  I have all sorts of fun accessories that I am bringing down with me...
Beautiful day for a run :
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired..
Awesome reminder that our readers want to find themselves in the maps that we create
We're number 1 on the ReverbNation Singer Songwriter charts for Portland, ME.
www.reverbnation.com/simonthunder
I wanna go home and sleep!!!
Congrats to Virginia Elite 13U Coach Paul Snell for captainring the Big Shots DC Championship today.
Follow me and i'll follow you back :
are you at Body Central?
The Beatles' final concert was on this day in 1966.
It was in San Francisco.
My college professorssor attended.
Ok so I had my sleeping scedule back in order and then the snow hit and I was out late and sleeping in again but school Monday got to fix it
just wish something would go right
Josh Hamilton:  I will have another one
The Fab 5 is what I call,The What if:.
Great talent but, not get the Brass Ring.
They are not losers but, not Champions.
Dom Dom Dom.
Peeps  follow him!
He's one of our talented NewStage actors!
So glad Believe tour dates are coming next week3 omfg.im BEYOND excited3
LoverBoi i wanna thank all of you fine ladies for likin our page.....
only when you stand between me and my egg nog.
im about to throw a stereo at my mother b/c she's snoring so loud
Can't Nobody Do It Like Us 
International Jazz DayConcerts streaming live NOW from New Orleans...and later today, New York  Paris
good to see cliff lee in the world series.
just wish it was in a phillies uniform.
I'm happy to say my makeup came out phenomenal!
:
you're almost never online!
Losing to Orlando without their 3 best players is CRIMINAL!
what on earth?
Amazing.
What time?
is wondering if he can afford An Evening With Leonard Cohen.
Hi, I used to live in TX, hot!!!.
Thanks for looking at my page.

Entertainment  Event Marketing
So excited to see everyone at party at ACRE/SF in a few mins.
Aw!
I saw the FBk note.
Sorry!
OK, forget the pics for a bit.
Burger cravings commencing.
:
I am really honored, Ashley!
Thank you very much.
I enjoyed learning a little more about you as well.
Have a great week.
My Compliments Makes Women Blush All The Time!!
me too!
can we share?
hey I'd the other girls doing work out the boy from doy can carry a Burkin like no other!
Think of me!
factswithoutwikipedia the 2nd shooter on the Grassy Knoll was not Richard Nixon.
He was firing from a sewer grate down the street.
Yay!
Come look for me...
I'll be in the tech room until my 101 class, so stop by and say hi!
hope you're excited for Boston.
Can't wait for tonight!
Hope you are doing a little meet and greet :
Sentence of the day: What's crackin'
please tell me didn't change their name to New Directions...
Hahaha I prob will ; Good one!
RT : Die Hard
tell NeNe to give me a follow so I can design his new doctoram house
Phone screen spider webbed.
This bites.
Gonna test me insurance.
:/
Turns out 7013 isn't much of a computery thing.
hahah that's exactly it!
Tweet after you've watched 101things and let us know what you think!
oh and trend 101things :
You look nastier and nastier with each passing day
I love how on Americas best dance crew, the judges are people who think there all that and they ant even dance/never had
Girls want attention.
Women want respect!!
I almost melted trying to roast a marshmellow...my plastic toes will never be the same
I just doctoramt I was interviewing the robot who plays bass in Demon Hunter for a documentary.
Powell's again.
thats gonna be sick i want to ride in it first lmao
I don't have ways.
Thats the secret.
No games, no fouls.
Anyone listeing out there?
have you beent o the US?
Holy Guacamole!
Our friend Josh just donated 25!!!
What a Chum buddy he has grown up to be!
Thanks Josh!
We're up to 1780!
YAYAYAYA!!!!
What you'll wear and how you will style you hair for gameday.
Maybe finishing work to enable you to go to gameday also
Anybody have recommendations on finding inexpensive flights to Europe?
who the fuck are you?
we missed you at 3:45 a.m.
each morning.
would have been fun.
workin on a new track misfits remix with elle and jonez
Smoke  for my medical condition.
Just replied
Your legacy lives on in digital glory.
Some Padoctors blogger made fun of me for liking LaHair coming into the season.
please follow me and
thank you so much!
glad to be the big 399!
Yeah, baby, CAKE and CHAI!
Nice to see TaRhonda Thomas anchoring tonight.
Hope everyone had a great 4th of July!
not fighting..
Just tweeting...
Peace out!
Psyched about our SOLD OUT matinee of SarahsWar today!
you know it.
Wish I had ten minutes to tell his story instead of 1:45!
RT : Friendship Style by a Virgo: Virgo friends have a knack for knowing when youre down and when you really need them.
My record is intact, I still havent ever watched a Super Bowl.howgirly This time I even missed halftime show  wanted to see madge.
I'd compare it to James white on the psu guy last week
What it is ???
Presh8 the shout out....
I love those guys.
One my Lake Street gotos right now.
you dont have to answer that question, its kinda private for people.
Voracious is awesome!
want wingy!
RT : App as dialogue, perspectives, pathways
count me in too....4 girls here!!!
Double you tee eff?
The ONE time you raise your hand And some idiot screams the answer out.
t
Looks like all the power/lighting issues at is fixed.
Yay for no dark hallways!
lol!
Yeah it was.
Womp.
Stanford will be haunted by this game.
Like for a long time.
Lake Michigan 1 Meagan 0 ...
cought no fish froze my butt off in the boat still fun tho!
I just left with lots of goodies for dinner tonigh
lol not anymore.
watch some boring on tv...
I'll make a note of it!
I just really hate having to walk places...
in the cold...
Like a whole half mile...
It's just so grueling...
love who?
It's only fair.
Ramires first RT : So will all the Chelsea players get to sleep with John Terry's wife now?
RT : : Sneakerheads aren't people with shoes alone.
You gotta have them and know about them.
SorryHypebeast
6200 bus anystop said bound to Montgomery Mall going to silver spring 12:51 am at Bethesda J2
N Korea jams signals on Seoul flights  Financial Times
Is this locker next to the shed where his 5 tools are stored?
Fitness must
Breaking: School bus accident at 20th  Highland near Marquette has left at least one person dead.
Rielle Creighton will be live at 10:00
Super bummer.
Congratulations to our Social Studies Tutor of the Month, Anders B!
linsanity spent half the game on the bench and still had 13 assists!!!
And a couple of awesome moves.
Garden was hoppin early
You know what I shouldn't do?
Cut my own hair.
You know what I'm doing right now?
Cutting my own hair.
I don't believe in dinner, so I just eat 4 lunches of varying foodtypes and quantities evenly interspersed between noon and midnight.
heheh aww Maya your so cute, you tell em..aaron let my feet live without ur sausage commentss
See you tonight at the 98PXY Summer Jam!
Tonight is the opening of Creativity is Creative exhibit 7 9pm
I wish!!
The lady on mine sounds like a doctorll Sergent!
;.
Happy Wednesday!
1,000 fans pay.
Michael Hayes on color commentary says I held the attendance record in Dome until tonight.
My 100th tweet!
Im so proud!
I think it's fair, because they want them to win so they're just helping out.
I can see how it could be unfair, though.
I think the social media blockage threat was the best!
Steve wins tonight!
f Texas
Thank you for the inspiration!
FF ,
Happy Mothers Day to all...
He was such a proud papa this weekend.
Couldn't tell enough people that he's got two SU graduates now.
I love that kid that argues with the teacher and entertains the whole class.
Familiar indeed.
: Hope it goes swimmingly for you, and thanks again for the kind words!
I like to mix kindle with oldschool: kindle for recreational; oldschool for work/research.
ahaha, thank you, but you're the cute one here..
Love is for the weak
The haikus of the winners and runnersup in our Passover Haiku Contest are up on the walls of the Distrikt Bistro...and they look great!
There is no instinct like that of the heartByron
They say a messy desk is the sign of a busy person....at least that's how I justify my messy desk lately.
Finally!
RT : BREAKING NEWS: The term lehgo is not cool anymore.
a ship shaped like a star
Super Bowl love!!
Huge!!!
Extraordinary wonderful, is what you are to me.
Undeniabley beautiful is what I see, all for me, and I love you
What caused it to become unavailable?
I want a handheld recorder so i can say note to self all day
Damn.
I'm full moon horny tonight.
;
qi's 'habitat' image in for Utah
Anxiety doctoram last night.
I was taking a seminar taught by George H.W.
Bush and owed him a paper.
Today marks 3 years on my breast cancer/survivor journey  still grateful, joyful, humbled how He cares for us!
There is no one like my God!
10factsaboutme 1 I shall not steal 2 I shall not kill 3 I shall remember the sabbath and keep it holy RT if God's law is the only law
Had a great time at Mickah hornes bday party.
Thanks to all who came and had a good time :
Okay so the show tomorrow night is now FREE!
NYU Battle of the Bands for a slot at CMJ?
We better see you all there D
love love love : doctoraming
Russel brand is hosting the MTV awards.
Ok.
Ew.

Korea put up a good fight...
I didn't know that Darren was huge Korean Baseball fan.
yes!
I love it!: they're so much better
So pumped about new overpriced Leica BWonly digital camera that I'm going to spend the weekend shooting my Hasselblad w/ BW AND color film
seriously though.
They're good.
Mans mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
im great my brother!!!
Just had a baby girl and working like mad!!
You know, doing the family thing!!
Today is the day April 30th  Celebrate the Seasons Fashion Show and Greenie Awards at the Plaza of the Rockies Doors open at 6:00
i followed the homie.
how about a follow back brotha?
Big Dick Bandit aha Lolz
Thanks for looking!
Technically, off to rehearsal number three .
.
.
What was I thinking??
TURQUOISE SKINNY JEANS TODAY!!!
Happy Leap Day!
We hope to connect with as many of you as possible and Build a newark list Network that Is a Resource to all!
In West Hollywood it looks like a lot of its denizens went to the same plastic surgeon and ordered the Nonchalant Gay Boy Face.
Like the universe, your advertising media choices are expanding.
Already use TV, radio, print?
Travel to the outer reaches of outofhome.
sure!
what was the first atl song you heard?
omg that would be even worse!!!!
xD then some one would sue ToysRUs
Saw Mikey.
FINALLY.
i thought i was like going blind or something.
schoolmemories getting doctornk and not going
Not yet...
I have a few producers I will be talking to.
I will be more than willing to show her what i got.
Idgaf what you say.
Loiter Squad is dope af!
Free book Friday is back!
RT this tweet for a chance at winning 75 in books!
Reply with your favorite baseball team for two chances!
i cant open it
and not as spooky as the one we went to
are you a secret country star?
Strong resemblance to Luke Bryan on the cover of his album...
Best idea ever!!
RT Thinking about making a trip to
Suspect in deputy involved shooting dies of wounds.
That cons have greater s that libs  key to Rubio's point.
While technically inacc., his claim achieved same net effect.
Hmm.
Considering switching from Mustache.js to Underscore.js.
Same compressed size, same templating features, but  has more usefulness...
i'm exhausted.
i wish i could just sleep all day.
I wish I could but I'm in AZ for 2 weeks.
Missionary?
No, not me I like my pssy from behind
Up early to work on homework.
Just discovered Sliderocket.
Cool.
Quiet in the house today with Liam gone.
I learned the most about very LARGE scale enterprise business modeling while at JPMorgan Chase.
Some of the best tech guys in the business.
damn right u are
I totally want to take the comics classes  Caroline Picard are teaching, but time  money conflicts prevent me...
The Movie Sensei officially gives XMenFirstClass the Blue Belt Status!
To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
Woo!!
:D RT : AWARD WINNERS: Maryville and Indiana University Purdue for Best Print Campaign!
Congratulations!
Calling all Smartphone users!
A HistoryMiami Smartphone app is in the works!
More details coming soon.
Had a good workout in the gym tonight!
Now it time to eat some grub!
wow.so mind blown
Since Sept 2010???
how did I miss this ???
cmdoctornchief made a decision 2make the country safer, a tough call,  now Bin Laden is dead.
Every1's sounding off.How about u?
Im Hiring customer service, sales, dispatch operators,  managers in Union, NJ
My TL is all about the match and then this : Sex is bad.....Sex is a sin....Sins are forgiven.......So stick it in.
my computer twitter works, phone twitter  nothing.
RIP Leslie you will be missed!
Stadium may be big winner in cricket tourney: This is what we've anticipated for many years, bringing international top level cricke...
Yikes Kansas!
Better wake up!
This bus is hilarious omg lmfao
TGIF kiddos will b at nanas...mommy gets to work :
its wednesday and people saying it looks like im getting ready like its friday
Is it just me or did Nike start making thicker headbands for lebron?
It's not FF but you should follow  she's 1 of the most amazing teachers I know!
She'll be Secretary of Education 1 day.
Have you checked out It's our big sister site.
It's pretty cool.
Super psyched about getting suits/shirts back from tailor, now just need an excuse to wear 'em.
On unrelated note, tonight's plan: sashimi!
Review: An engaging and wellwritten detective novel with a hero quite unlike any other in detective fiction.
Happy Birthday!
:D 3
A million words spoken are far outweighted by 3 simple words spoken, which are followed by action...
The real people n ur life don't take them 4 granted
We are!
We have a beautiful patio that I'm sure the pugs will luv!
don't know what's going on, but pray everything works out!
I have an email composed to youI am just waiting to hear back from friend Plus I had another good idea!
;
Today get a free medium doctornk with any purchase of a burger or dog and fries.
shes lucky i dont hit women.
Plus she was making slick comments toward the wifey.
you gonna be able to watch the red river shootout from Namibia or do they not have satellite in the bush
Going to be keeping my editor busy!
Done sat thru bout 4 lights already.
It would b nice if every car except mine breakdown.
Or kitties.
You know, if she's not a dog person.
After a marathon PSAid season and a mad dash to midnight last night, we wanted to thank all the participants!
Stay tuned for winners' info!
Too bad you backed the wrong horse.
Hi Kimberly, Looking for a specific designer pageant doctorss?
If u give me the designer's name I can check to see if we carry.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
But I want to hear all your other comments!!!
Lakeshow will be taking the series tonight.
Just when you think things are looking up and everything is going to be okay, the world crashes down on top of you.
Quaker!
: Cedar Rapids smells like chicken.
Da Future is Now
S/O TO MY FOLLOWERS...I HAVE REACHED MY 3000TH TWEET
A doctorp in the ocean, a change in the weather, I was praying that you and me might end up together
Yes!
doctorp them off at the Mission 3 NW Third in pdx or at our thrift store in Tigard call 503 639 6488
Teaming up with other sites for contests soon.
Working on finishing the promo cards and we are mailing out prizes for past ones as soon as..
BestAlbumEver tom petty your gonna get it
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
indeed..
just got off of work now though :
ugh, always unfortunate to see a bad spray tan.
This is not the doctorid you are looking for.
This is an Incredible 2.
I hope the Chiefs get Powe developed alongside Poe.
I'm digging Po' Boys as a nickname, personally.
I guess that's that Warrensville education...lol
Prophecy Image Consulting's website will be down for a short amount of time due to a cosmetic rehab.
Stay tuned!
Thanks for the help!
I emailed you about surveying the event.
Do we have the OK?
Looking forward to your Type A Mom gift list!
He is Awesome and such a Hottie!
ahahahahha!
Hey!
At least your back on twitter?
Did you see the pic sent you?
I'm not sure!
She didn't reply yet do idk :/
My doctorm  my Heart Beat, very cool!
;  keep dancin, James!

Thx Kenny!
Have on your iPhone?
If not, check it out.
Ppl can even share where they see speed traps too!
/cc
Can we talk about it???
Open mic follows program tonight  Olmos Bharmacy, around 8:00.
Bring your guitar or whatever.
It is better to have thought you had two days off in a row and not had than to never have felt like you'd never escape your job...right?
Oh!
Didn't think u were referring to ME...
Na I don't think that!
My discerment ain't THAT far off!
Lol
This kid just keeps running his mouth
Well today was definitely one of those days that the to do list go tossed to the wind
Website almost ready.
Stay tune!
Follow us
Here he goes again.
RT : A4: space to dance?
where ever you make it!
that's pretty awesome
had a power workout my abs are killing me.
got to be up early.
taking the bike to the track for a test run.
night peeps.
What Should You Do When You Have No Money To Spend?
Do you have no money to spend on the things that you want and need?
That is the gener
Watched Waiting for Superman documentary last night.
If you are interested in educating our childoctorn, check it out.
No work today?
People who help us GROW our money....Priceless!!!!!
: If everyone thinks you suck, they're not haters.
They're right.
Daniel Tosh please father my childoctorn.
After mine ;
KUSH and cool aid
I literally just saw a bunch of ELEMENTARY kids jump another kid!
You know you've been w/o a couch too long when you think, This camp chair is pretty comfortable.
C'mon Tuesday: I'm staying a city girl!
not sure if you guys noticed but the Sasha Pavlovic show is on TNT right now.
nobody likes to get spammed....
calm your balls.
thank u so much.
Set your mind on positive things...
What you put in is what you get out!!
positivity!!
Boutta pass out
what dat be like??
And Whos That?.
If I don't get a text back imma be pissed.
I don't wanna get raped!
:/
watchin the walter payton doc on nfl network the greatest ever
Cheering for Hansen in the Derby!
Off to purdue with and
Working in the garden.
Weed block my a!
It's barely a weed speed bump.
sexualcultures Patten describes customs using magnifying glass on shipments of porn in Aus, determining legality by age
boo, you whore.
Goldfish fried fish combo!
Clams, shrimp and scallops with fries.
Have a wonderful holiday weekend and be safe.
I'm heading south to visit family.
Say my name, say my name.
CANNABIS MILK  DARK CHOCOLATE BARS ARE BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND!
Potent Indica Saturn OG  LSD Bubba flying off the shelf 2day!
WEEDMAPS.com
In 5 min Ruby Dior will perform her first show!
J Lo  Get on the floor!
The Blackstone Hotel
Plus doing a bake sale at the local market days in a couple weeks.
What are your bake sale secret weapons?
What's hot in your area?
Please say you'll be performing your magic in Washington DC....when?
When?
Your so sweet!!
:
neighbour just asked me if he could have a skip outside our house, i told him yeah you can do  cartwheels round the block if you want
happens to me everytime.
Richard Parsons, former CEO of Time Warner, reported to be stepping down at Citibank.
i be wildn cuss im youngg
where are we going?
;
Cooking out today, nothing fancy just burgers!!
Baked Beans and French fries!!!
if we only had faith the size of a mustard seed, we could say to the mountains move!
and they would move!!
:
happy birthday!
Hope you have a fun time!
c:
On the air tonight with all coming up
Uh yeah there was a period when you broke up with me.
You can go to a girls house but i can't like a picture?
That makes sense
I can't wait for The Avengers!
Of course I'm being sarcastic.
If she said Nice Ultraman shirt!
I'd have been shocked.
one time?
lmao, well if u were fully insulted instead of slightly I may have actually felt bad :P hahaahahahha
Da Nada.
: safe travels for your family.
feel like i skipped a beat here  applying for entry level jobs a year or so too late
swag, swag, swag, ON YOU!
; hahaha
Yay Donna  for receiving grant for American Antiquarian Society project!
Something is rustling in the dead leaves next to my deck.
Snake or salamander?
Julian Assange has plans to launch his new TV talk show next week.The Pentagon will DVR every episode because it's on the same time as Ellen
gotta love indiana high school basketball richmond v.
new castle 930whon.com
TEAM STALK HOPE I DOT PEE MY PANTS
Thanks for the follow Corpus Christi!
:
Kill em with kindness 
TenThingsToKnowAboutMe I'm super athletic
love that one too.
Also like: I bet that you look good on the dance floor
Portia's speech in Julius Caesar!
Just ran into my favorite professorssor, professorssor Ganz.
He's so awesome.
I like how comedians use that one stool for their only prop.
lol
It'd be funny to make a label for your own brand of salsa and go around to grocery stores sticking them on other brands of salsa.
Just finished my best workout EVER
saw that on your Facebook, if my house was pet friendly I would steal that cute punkin.
I'm pretty sure I know what Stockholm Syndoctorme feels like now.
Well said.
I hate when people be touchin my hair like its fake.
!
Lmao all natural babby.
!
Congratulations to my good friends Sergio  Crystal who today  9:35 am had a new little baby boy named Santiago.
Let the BBQing begin.
Putting it on my list!
RT : A7 Read the book FrenchKidsEatAnything Q7 Foodiechats  How do we improve the food kids eat?
Had some chustin bonding time this weekend!!!!
3
Heat look terrible right now
I'll take that bet for 50.
Hate when I absentmindedly change the size of everything on my monitor.
Haha.
Looks like my day's about to get a whole lot better, too!
She hated everyone...
lol
Sometimes its the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
Keri Russell
I'm convinced the Clippers are trying to make a mockery of the game.
The 4 worst possessions I've ever seen all backtobacktobacktoback
great to have u back at CLA2012.
U belong since we have LA in the name!
Do you only thank your clients in December for supporting your efforts?
Why wait  get lost in the crowd?
SeanLetwat
LA is up by 1 in the 3rd.
Is anyone surprised by this?
Witnessed Hoffman's 560th career save....awesome.
You're welcome.
Damn is it really Monday???
i bet u cant wait for monday ;
my yiayia's chicken  noodles w tomato/onion.
It's my fav from my childhood, served with a big glass of milk ; you cooking?
and 4 losses...I CAN say that
glad we are sharing our beautiful weather with you this weekend.
Enjoy!
nothing like random doctornk ladies screaming at you mid performance.
I'm going through withdoctorwals...
who hasn't touched her ebay app in a month?
this chick
I'm starting a new hash tag tonight I will use for stuff I say say that should be written down...it won't get over used..MAYBE once a day..
Looking forward to the NFL doctorft tonight!
Have 2 friends who may go in the fist round!
Good Luck, guys!
its easy to make waffles, just buy some egos, then heat that b!tch up :
Going to Qdoba for some free queso.
Thanks :
depends on the house, but w/ WWTT: It's...lower case if still attached to ellipsis.
And then...
Capitalized if not attached.
Just remember; someone loves everything you hate about yourself
Thanks for having David and Brent on Sunday morning's show.
I owe you guys some root beer floats!
frog strangling lol I like that
Can u guys follow her plz : Thanks HMU for any shout outs
Anyways I'm gonna have a good lunch today.
we are like butterflies who flutter for a day and think it is forever''
Scary/true: I was 15, alone in a maze in Versailles, flashed  chased by a man in a trenchcoat.
YA dystopian fic has none of that real fear.
Stop alex really.
She is a thing of beauty!

but you never replied or was ever online enough..
But I'm just glad that they contributed to a good cause.
Im following...best wishes and much success to you!
LOVE IT, That One Dude 8
Q: How many Cancerians does it take to change a lightbulb?
A: None: A Cancerian would worry herself to death with the problem.
i wish.
you can't edit or delete anything from a former guide.
it's like starting on square negative 600.
My dad just locked the keys in the car....
aww!
I used to do that!
Why did I stop?
Don't recall.
Ol I fuck for pop tarts
Congrats on your hard work!
We may need extras for our production if you're interested...
she doesn't even understand hungy games.
Where thou art, that is home.
Emily Dickinson
God please show me somethin!!!
ThMorUKno Scholar Adele Yarbro Collins writes, Revelation is a historical document a literary creationof artistic beauty and power.
worst spring break ever 
I'm off to see the LOBOS...the wonderful Lobos of
Haven't heard from this girl all day
1st of all you ain't s'posed to be up in the bridal shop but since you insist if your bridetobe wants ballgown.
Shuddup and let her glide.
Do you know the steps and processes of managing accountability?
I saw you guys got Byrd.
That was a nice pickup
Bummed I'm not at Little 5 right now.
better feel pretty important
thanks for sharing, I hadn't caught this yet.
Which is the bigger crime, forcing ugrads to cough up  for the next edition, or repackaging freely available info?
Pretty good progress on finalizing this score.
Wondering how faithfully to transcribe piano part.
Vocal is done.
the dildo, strap on  lube....
I got chuuuuu LOL

Get rid of that skank Ashley.
revenge
I feel like Austin has seen Sleepless in Seattle one too many times.
US history sucks nuts
Everyone has wounds.
Some we're healed from and some we're not.
Give others permission to be flawed.
you should, and hit my panel at 3pm :j

Age Is Just a Number  Yeah Well ..
Jail is Just a room
I'm at BlogathonATX today, surrounded by the glitterati of the Austin blog scene.
Bummed to miss GoToExplore.
Rock it  !
Be good to  And have some bourbon for me :
Constant latenights midnights in Singapore is a norm.
Can't help it.
The adoctornaline for success is worth it.
My new set coming out Tmister
I had a little bit way too much fun last night.
yaaaay i got over 500 followers.
:
: My buddy, Fluffy, wrote a nutty sexy dark detective book.
Free on Kindle until the 22nd.
Baby Shark by Robert Fate htt ...
Brother, your comment on the world's longest trading card was priceless.
Good, good stuff.
I like it!
Love the sparkles.
Backstrom continues to get raped in the face off circle.
Someday you will find me, caught beneath the landslide, in a champagne supernova in the sky original quote by , stolen by oasis
Toms are the most beautiful and most disgusting shoes ever created.
sometimes :D
Workaholics on Netflix.
Not bad.
you know, taking it easy blessed w/ Favor!!
How the fam doing?
Btw How are you?
Listening to Intel CIO  what we do in IT is often invisible  interesting thought
It's hard to believe but has made an even better product.
A near perfect reading experience.
Noo not Thursday, I have weekend tickets.
So excited for the game!
doh!
of course.
looking too hard for patterns i am
it looks good thooo its not much taken off
I likED you before I got to know the real you.
moving to a house in Wayne!
:
aw you look so cute with your family.
.
That would be correct, can't go wrong with a Simpsons mug!
yes,yes i did Emma.
U know me too well :
Great success 
So juiced up for clippers and grizzlies.
Come on Z Bo!
Just heard Different.
So good!
Hope you make it down to Central Florida!
I refuse to take any type of advice from people that don't have doctorine degrees in physcology or therapy.
: hope I'm invited no im sorry you didnt make the cut wuhahaha jkkkk
Come to tampa 8
well not that I'm not enjoying u...cause I am!
But I must get doctorssed and go get dinner.
Hav a gd nite sexy
Kq hearts  aj off vs this maniac blind vs blind for 1.1 million at 12k and chiplead of tourney.
Turn k river flush.
52nd 3880.
My dog Winky gets to stay with his uncles this weekend!
I know I'm a little behind, but god damn WWE why is it that just b4 leaves, you let him REALLY be CM Punk?
Huge loss 4 us fans
thank you!!!
My LINdolences go out to Whitney Houston's loved ones....there I'm done with social media for the day
Oomf have me thinking back
I can't stop fangirling over Say Somethin.
Omg.
there's something about my friend that i can't stop thinking about like he understands me...
Got the SICK.
Cold, fever, boohoo.
But thanks to Jennifer Jarrett for subbing my class.
She will love you up Tuesday night!
A real man wouldn't care about your past, because he knows with you he has a future.
The images we have of ourselves and the worlds we live in are fraud.
To believe in what you see and hear as matter of fact is self deceit.
RT : I'm going swimming 2moro and working to a more healthier diet.
your advice helps!!
thankyou :
That was me who sent the present....
just had someone else deliver it like a champ.
Thanks, guys!
;
It's a special screening.
That's all I know for now.
I'll keep you updated.
WOw.
Am seriously awestricken.
Clever, clever cleaver!
Mini edibles food Att part tonight at hh building bmoevent here with puffs
Casting Crowns tonight with :
4:30 am get a text from the brother tootsies!!!
nothing more
Stop in for a beautiful handtied bouquet for Easter, only 14.99!
ii think im in love with icp
ok then lol
CHK got four May 11 puts
Well, I'm never washing clothes again.
A fucking spider came down from the ceiling and landed on my hand.
I have officially lost my shit.
No!
In a way, it's a much bigger problem of course  considering that ballplayers usually don't fly off the handle....
We are a gypsy company, performing around Pgh.
However, some of our favorite places to perform are in the Cultural District
Ok so it turns out that changing my username fucks up Echofon and whatnot...which kinda sucks.
Oh well.
I get my most up to date news from Facebook.
Grats to Monique and Kiera for being October's Darlins of the Month
Feeling better now, still hurtin a little
Formal education will make you a living.
Selfeducation will make you a fortune
Looking forward to that.
Glad he's in the NL....
James Rodgers is the early MVP of the game.
what'd y'all eat?
We got yellowtail, kale, tritip, spinach, and white beans over here
when a teacher leaves you in charge of the classroom : i feel powerfull bahaha
nah, he has a point.
Pitt fans  was Andy Lee this good in college?
This is honestly one of the best punting performances I have ever seen.
Can't get field pos.
Horace You traverse the world in search of happiness which is within the reach of every man.
A contented mind confers it on all.
Sleep I wants it right now xD
Jack and Rose had the strongest love for each other..She never did let go WishLoveWas like the movies
How?
I'd support.
Link?
MT Encourage informal convos in phys  virtual spaces.
Fuck that's it I'm moving to the uk.
Thanks, Jordan.
RT : Scott Walker is pulling ahead in the Wisconsin gubernatorial recall election: /Whose head is he pulling?
He can't be leading.
I really need to not sing so loud when im recording concerts..........lol
RT : ThingsIReallyCantStand women talking.
Seriously, shut the fuck up.
not you, DIS BITCH ON THE BUS.
Many NU fans say the same RT : WR Kyle Prater transfers to N'western from USC.
This is one of best days of my life Prater said
Beloved Dad Lenny Bernstein hung alone w/ old friend McCoy Tyner a long time Kuumbwa Santa Cruz 2nite.
Honored McCoy sent me his regards.
At the Granada for KT Tunstall...
says the hater RT: came through clutch
I'll have Another!!!
: RT : Whenever Im back in NYC I always make sure to call my grandmother!
ZS
Fall in love with me shawty you just might.
This lady better stop scratchin' that chalk so hard on the board!
GoodNight Twitter :
Thanking the opera gods that I have a night to rest before heading into busy weekend of labor negotiations, auditions, MGF and Stern Grove!
I stay ready
RT : What is the end goal of the social media program?
Figure that how and then you can find the unit for evaluation
When you don't know your value, you will pawn your affection for temporary satisfaction.
RT: Do not buy cat food/owned by who supports Rush Hate Radio stoprush boycottrush
When I'm mad I don't think before I speak..
I try to say the most evil things
Again I ask r Ur CDs sell'n bitch mine is
just because you didn't get called a loser for once though lolol.
The Second Neurotic's Notebook, 1966Money doesn't talk, it swears
Wait, don't be quiet!
We need to hear exactly the kind of things you're sharing!
It's the lifeblood of our work!
aw but being a kid is so fun.
I have one in pink.
: You're too adorable.
Filner: cities like Minneapolis, Seattle have a Public Art Fund and you can tell, the minute you step in the city.
SD needs that
My home internet is slower than my phone internet.
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 42
sure, and you can buy legal forms online...
but is it as good?
my tomatoes are amazing.
which article?
The SWs in Cali one?
I'll give you easy!
School, work, and then more storyboards!!
:
l'll make like a baby...head out first.
lmao...made me giggle.:
I'm sugar and spice and everything nice.
But if you want to mess with me, you better think twice!
Would like 2 thank everyone who came out 2 Lalo's UIC for Tropical Wed and left it all on the dance floor.
Que Viva la Salsa Mi Gente.
I used my Carvin BX250 micro bass head last nite with my Hartke 2100PRO cab with excellent results!.good volume and BIG sound..I like!
That is so funny!!
I'm not even gonna sit here and go back and forth with this dumbass on facebook ..
tumblr i missed you ;3
A Friday in east OAKLAND.
Shout outs to and  awesome Reno folks using !
that's like one of the best jobs ever :
haha I know where'd they come from?
I found out you can turn notifications off, its on the upper right hand side of the page!
yo who u talk to book that event
What's with guys and bikini pics?
I mean seriously.
...why arent we married?
THANK YOU!
:
oh I'm so embarrassed!
How could I get that wrong!
Producer just canceled an audition on me...our lives for sure dont revolve around yours mother fucker....find someone else this was a favor
Lovin the things I got
in the show this week  sessions live performance segment features at check out sounddiego Sat, 1am after SNL
It's only a problem if your dignity is worth more than 20.
Trying to decide on my new headshot...
Harder than it looks...
SO last week.
There's only ONE DIRECTION now.
Emily's 5th grade Mission: use your passions, talents and areas of interest to become active citizens!
The more I watch the Pirates the more I am getting pulled back in!
Great game tonight
I outta do both, haha.
Maybe I can make Bill Gates scared.
:P
Wow, it's all going on down reyard way today, cloverleaf market is turning into a gas station!
Hey!
We have a show at the KEYNOTE CAFE.
Doors open at 5:30 at the show starts at 6.
Try to make it out!
:D
Paul Simon  Graceland  09:31 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song

You got everybody fooled but me,
Make me over again by Tonex has to be one of the best alter call songs ever!
Still love that song!
KDWB/Minneapolis braces for the arrival of new PD Rich Davis, who transfers from CC sister WRVW/Nashville.
He replaces Rob Morris.
RAMP!
Listening to the new Aborted album Global Flatline!
:
i know!
I'm mad they made me aware of how dirty they are, and I can't get it til August!
FOLLOW NOW FOR A SHOUT OUT ON MY PERSONAL AND A DM TO CODYAUSTIN TWEET ME YEE WHEN YOU DID!nowww!
4 more awesomee people!
Loved from Loreal at OMMASOCIAL esp liked the community of hair colorists.
ohh!
hah: i live in PA!
: Im trying to get him to cm.
To Washington DC, cuz i live 2 hrs away!
haha u in Houston?
I was just in Dallas and Houston touring with Rickey Smiley
yup, he's my Dad's little brother
It's National Volunteer week.
Have you participated?
if so, tweet about it with Idothemostgood and get noticed!
Oh, my.
Who can forget how Popeye had to save Santa Claus and Christmas from her?
:
Got my hair did : homecoming tonight!!
Green Door Labs' first tweet!
W000t!!!
Hi everyone!
good to see you Gil, Jonni A,
: When did you renew?
This deal was valid from Jan.
131 only.
December.
That explains it!
Well no but it will
and i definitely just fist pumped the finding of a petition.
i'm still cool, right guys?
Q: I'm not sure if this was already asked but what is the turnaround time from writing a childoctorn's animated show to airing?
titanic 3d...not as bad as i expected.
still love kate and leo.
It is a really great house in a terrific location.
Thankyou for the comment!
i want some new people to talk to, hit me up!
I like the idea of getting the work done first thing in the morning, then doing other things.
Might have to try that.
Thanks!
Man I Miss How The Old Novelas Use To Be!
My Shit Use To Al Diablo Con Los Guapos Best One Ever!
Lol
Don't scare me.
I have virtually every doc I've created in five years stored on Google doctorve.
With no backup.
You should be with me
Watching a rerun of Gilmore Girls 
TODAY!!
Crab Spinach Omelette/ Bacon, Cheddar, Onion Browns or NurburgRing Sausage Benedict!!
Last day for the NurburgRing special!!!
Finished at the gym and done with my yoga time to get ready to go to work!
90 minute cardio/weight workout, healthy dinner, and a nice sunset.
Congrats to your son and your household.
Go on and do the happy dance.
We wont tell anyone.
ur really my hero in so many ways
Juggoliterature in the Spring RT : What a beautiful day to lay in the park and read about Juggalos.
Well I'm tired after a long day fun night.
Later gator.
Wow I hadn't heard that  awesome to hear that  hopefully they will get their act together on the attribution asap
Good Fantasy Numbers doesn't make you a Good NFL QB.....sorry geeks
Hope everyone's getting their fill of baseball.
It's been a while since the batter batters have hit homers!
I agree
RIP Elizabeth Taylor :
If you forget why you live in New York, go to Washington Square Park on the most gorgeous afternoon of the year
INDIETIPS MAKE SURE YOU EMBED YOU INFO IN YOUR MUSIC!
I'm going to invent eye dye, baby blues will finally be mine!!
at your show now in bmore laughing our ass off .
anway we can get together for a pic?
; you a annoying stupid stupid hoe :
Awww Thanks Friend!!!!
I'm very social, but lately I've preferred the quite life.
Some wine, a good book, a scary movie,  some cuddling beats shitfaced any day!
hope all gets better for you, I have had my share of bad days, best part is they end eventually
Just liked your FB page and will follow on Twitter.
Look forward to your updates.
He tops my list over humidity, mosquitos, I95  the smell of old people RT : jeff ireland, you are the reason i am never happy.
And all the winds go sighing, For sweet things dying.
Gudmornin happy to see another day a lil mad but the man up stairs makes mhe happy if no one else can he can Thanks God!!
please follow me love you justin
so glad I am not the only one who still thinks blue crush is the best movie of all time
Huh, more Canadians have read my blog today than anyone else.
If I had to guess why...
I'd have no idea whatsoever.
But thanks, Canadians!
Loving this fall weather.
PumpkinSpiceLatte from is what I need right now.
My last U.S.
dining experience of 2011: waitress screams back to kitchen Don't throw away the chili!
right after I ordered it.
Bon voyage.
thank you for retweeting us.
From all the staff  members of UNCA, have a great holiday season  a very happy  successful 2011
Strangers telling 'I love you' Fuck it I don't know why but I love you too!
Couldnt be happier :

Hubby SPLIT!
Watch Twitter EXPLODE!!!!!!!
iTunes podcast.
Its the first official day of spring!
How do you plan on celebrating?
Last night's reading had a lovely audience and a spotlight that made me wish I'd worn sunscreen.
is not as fair, so OK.
Ugh.
That's the worst!
912 RT : Don't forget about the winter this Saturday.
It's the last one until May!
HIGHLY doubt tampering by Bennett  UVa.
They reportedly requested permission through proper channel  was denied.
But Roberts cuter.
Basic app features for a local chiropractor?
Provide helpful easy to reach information to your clients
Cassie:Did you hear Raven Samone is lesbian?
ME:OOOOOHHH...THAT'S SO RAVEN!
SNAPS LOLOLOLOLOLOL!!
SFA defeats SHSU 6846 to advance.
Gardner finished with 13 points and Scott added 9.
: tickets for the showed up in the mail this weekend.
I cannot wait for June!
go !
See U there Jason!
Yes i am
Yes can you email me more information.
onMYSPACE .
.
.
Oh wait, I deleted mine a long time ago!
I wanna go so bad.
June 8th and 10th.
I really want to go.
Enjoying Zilch by Nancy Lublin and learning a lot too.
We have a lot to learn from Not For professorts.
Does TODAY really have to be the first day of the rest of my life?
Next Thursday would work so much better for me
Why cant I just masterbate and fall asleep like everyone else?
I am having Cheerios for breakfast.
It has been a while and they taste really good.
StinksRT Apparently , a sports bar, is unable to play audio on the final four...
That makes total sense.
To Infinium and Beyond says Sam Adams and This badge will be a pleasure to unlock
Dear Candidates: None of you has a uterus.
Don't tell me what to do with mine.
The music business is undoubtedly unfair, but if you had to choose between being Mozart or Salieri, whom would you pick?
has some fantastic food for tomorrow's gala!
Thank you for making ypweek happen!
Gary the snail's full name is Gary Wilson Jr.
EXCL.
PREVIEWS: Buffy Season 9, Conan  More Courtesy of Dark Horse, CBR presents exclusive advance looks at new comics hitting store
you never really thought you were entitled to public records that might be embarrassing, did you?
Symptomatically speaking, a good man is a man who helps others without any expectation of reciprocation.
you can come by our stand at 14th and U on Saturday or Bloomingdale on Sunday.
Does that work?
With so many sports experts out there, the only numbers that count are the ones on the scoreboard at the end of the game.
So, if you have art for our new show, HOBBY FUN FOR EVERYONE!, bring your pieces tomorrow 58p or saturday 125.
I'm getting excited y'all!
really, your gonna hate on the people who can help you the most and that you've already worked with........
haha I got you!
is acting up again!
Is there anything going on I should know?
Evernote for Mac is getting annoying these days.
Be safety conscious.
80 of people are caused by accidents.
We have a ways to go still before folks like could use us, but we'll keep chugging along!
but I avoided the reckless and didn't get got
: respect.
Let's build man.
I'm a big fan!
Let's build soon.
Peace!
A quiet man, is a thinking man.
A quiet woman, is usually mad.
None of the music on the site is working man.
Can you send me a link for megaupload or .rar file?
Let's do this !
RT bdix73: will there be a checkin this WedSat?
Let's stop listing pagers on that list of electronic devices that should be turned off.
having not enough polos or real clothes
Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.
We need to vc and play guitar together again.
I got better ;
Now I can't be helpful if I just yes everything that comes along and if we do not submit suggestions.
Your kinda cute;
exactly, but we just need to remind ourselves that if it's meant to be it will be and things happen for a reason
I call everyone 'darling' because I can't remember their names.
Zsa Zsa Gabor
You can ignore my previous tweet, I got the statement.
the only reason i still go down memory lane is to run into you.
I'll have a new micro story up this weekend for everyones' viewing pleasure.
Hope everyone has a great week.
Its off to bed for now...
anyone live in stockholm?
I open at the close suddenly has an all new meaning.
I remember whenitwascoolto post comments on MySpace
There is HOPE America!!
please stop trying to do comedy.
When the world says, Give up, Hope whispers, Try it one more time.
your website looks bad on iPad.
Go Cry me a river.
daddy is daddy...smh...
and court fa what???
Hmm...we rented Mission Impossible 4...
Time to squeeze in a NIST Biometrics standards session from before heading back to DC.
Hasta luego, Miami.
Cause you were my homie, lover, and friend.
3
Madison is goin DOWN this weekend.
Just wanted to put that out there.
Madchen Amick's guest appearance this weekend has prompted me to rewatch Twin Peaks, for the first time since I was 10...
The majority of women at the WH Correspondents dinner could have used your help.
Have DC women heard of Spanx?
Money make the world go round.
I honestly think its not the route of all evil.
Limited minutes?
Or no PT for Duncan/Parker?
You guys sound...
affordable!
it's not open  so I gotta settle for sharks .
I could honestly blow doctor my hair for an hour and it'd still be soaked.
: How do we get funding into socent ?
smwreuters how about from retail investors?
making that happen
nice!
I'm from Houston but I'm going to university in New Hampshire.
Do you go to Canada a lot?
My father on my new Jeremy Scott/Linda Farrow Mickey Mouse sunglasses: You look like a bug!
I hate when I question myself whether this is worth it or not.
YouKnowICareWhen I stay up all night for you.
Nice ass
I know!
It is all thanks to because he peer pressured me into joining.
Too bad you are not headed this way
JLB is a finalist for WMZQ's Battle of the Bands for a chance to open for Miranda Lambert at WMZQ Fest!!!
Stay tuned for Battle info!
okkkayy well idk!
; haha ill talk to him about when he was a jerk too me
Just saw FELA!
at Music Hall in Detroit.
L.A.
BAKERS!!!
They place is in the kitchen not on the court!!!
Expo hall open at RSAC!
Come to 2751 and see a demo of adaptive federation with for strong auth
Im straight out of school my graduation day on next monday
On my way to tonight's festivities with !
Pics of my outfit and more tomorrow!
well go do it then
Thank you for the RT!
Much appreciated.
God Bless you : 
I was bout to say y Yo pic up side down
HomeSweetHome...if only I didn't have to get back to reality in the morning
Congrats on the Arena!
your the man KJ!
I probably live like less than half a hour from Shealeigh, but I still haven't met her.
:
thx, will do!
I speak no real German, so I wd need extra time to set up the family.
Thank you, mister Hier, 6th grade, for encouraging our creative writing  letting us play chess during recess.
Getting ready to lead worship at Evangelical Covenant in Massachusetts.
Wonderful family of God!
Haha who was at lunch talking about it
ohmygoodness.
:D do u remember me??
Lol
Thanks, Mike!
What else would you be interested in seeing on our blog?
Looking forward to this powerful full moon tomorrow!
mystyle ShopIt List: Red Edition These are the red things we want to buy these holidays...
1.
Structure It: Make Me Chic Flap doctorss to
More details on Newt's proposed moonbase.
a He will build it himself.
b Without oxygen.
Newt's
Anyone have any contacts/partners in the biz opp/work from home industry?
We've got a client that has a great offer for that community...
hahah ops!
back out not black out
Would you follow me?
I play guitar.
And I play along to most of your covers!
Follow me!
In Target shopping place is empty on nov 24.I guess waiting for black Friday?
Good morning Monday
I'll let you and figure it out then.
Im a dirty girl spongebobvoice
Something about you makes me smile
RT Never forget the moments you want to last for life.
yehh the steelers are gonna win anyways:
Steeler Pride tomorrow!
Steel City Pregame Show at the Gateway Clipper.
Check out the Go Fast Pass by the Football Toss!
Every time you stop a school, youll have to build a jail.
Mark Twain
Things don't turn up in this world, until somebody turns them upJames A.
Garfield.
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy
Everytime i say how excited i am about the WinterClassic ppl look at me like i'm fucking insane.
I hope UGA gets smoked today
if i dnt chase dick i certainly aint gonna chase yu.
RT : Q1 Curation is becoming a buzzword, it needs more planning and strategy than just repurposing.
govchristie mayor cory booker great you tube video
Grinding out these last 4 hours to get to Nashville
Looking forward to giving a keynote addoctorss on Writing Across the Disciplines: English Variation in the Classroom at tomorrow!
I also knew how good he was.
For one nights only...
Goalvechkin Bandwagoning this mother.
Need a day or two off.
Haven't heard on the movement check out www.sustainablehouston.org.
When we are all able to slgt and buylocal everyone benefits!
oh my
let's work!
Almost time for stickam can't wait :D
I'll report back with empirical findings.
;
aww boo, going to miss it, already had plans
yep.
Mine went away when I disable the Smush.It plugin but now I can't upload anything bc of a site migration!
Get ready, folks!
Tune into youtube this summer for a Strugglin, Not Starvin episode with the lovely !!
atimetocook!
fmisterNC Rep Arthur Williams has requested a runoff in NC House District 6 against Mattie Lawson
That doctorss looks amazing on you Lori!
Congratulations!
roll over crash.
We
Another doctoram from last night: had to beat out for the role of Jeff Winger on Community.
Where the baJisus is ??????
Something cool: go to google and search for let it snow ...
then way a few seconds.
Big steals.
Big plays.
Let's do this Jayhawks!!
RT : Don't forget  for the lightrail!
3.50 for an all day pass.
is at her last A's game.
Sad!!!
Can't wait to see my brother's we finna turn up!
What u doing
House hunting with BRea, XRea, and Mama Rea.
;
Keeping it clean  professorssional is a job in itself.
I just got a ice bucket for a gift!
I hold in my pee as long as I can.
It's too cold outside.
YUCK!
If you're the other person involved in a bad sex session you don't have the right to point the finger
How often do u get 2 Atlanta?BIG Fan of ur work and I would luv 2 have u apart of a educational event!
That's too bad  but I know what you mean.
I look forward to seeing what you come up with!
We can do more than these rappers put here Lol
Join Saturday, May 5 for their Cinco de Mayo bash!
yesterday was quite doctormatic...
i think my mom is on the verge of a nervous brake down 
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back teamfollowback  You Get A Promo To her 85k Just REPLY  DONE When Finished x3
RT : RT : No one should lose a job because they are sick.
Does support paidsickdays and the...
I love and Temple Run.
Office Olympics update: Curling is about to begin
that's why I love the guy.
:
Apogee doctorvers, you are the suck.
Yeah...
Thats One Of The Reasons I Started Listening To Him!
Its Really Hard To Find A Singer That Doesnt!
T.
Mills was just on MTV, wtf?
OU sweeps Baylor; the craziness continues!
National Top 8 Seeds shake up again!!
Have a story or article to share about an incredible service or therapy animal?
Contact us and we'll post it!
Email:
is tonight at Hydoctorte!
With  Resident Dj Semaj.
House Music in Boystown will never Die!
today blissfully brought me coffee, Snow White, beer, soccer, groovin!!, Evelyn and more coffee....now.i.crash.
:
A kinked neck.
Worst feeling ever!!
he said bye
I told you, I'm problematic.
If you got a face tattoo I would actually hate you.
right at our finger tips!
OH I WANT TO DANCE WITH SOMEBODY.
WITH SOMEBODY WHO LOVES ME
EVERYONE.
If we gain 100 followers tonight one of our owners will go streaking through campus.
LITTLE 500!
Please RT!!
ok following :
Tim Tebow is a class act guy regardless of faith.
This still is a team sport, all egos aside.
He will add as a great backup.
that's good!: ur almost there
Go Patriots!!
Nice way to end the half!!
We love NY but we LOVE the NE Patriots MORE!!
Superbowl Patriots author, I Love You More
Thanks everyone who has streamed or downloaded our first single Long Island's Dead!
Lord thank you for having us in alignment with Yourself!
We bless every Agent used to move us into new dimensions!
Swat Cats my nigga.
it was
Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but rather a manner of traveling.
TY new followers
To all the hipsters and righties who think all this kony stuff is propaganda...
well yeah.
THAT'S the point.
Same method new message.
So bored, no ones at the farmers market /;
At the Providence Hospital 2012 Gala.
The only thing missing is a Ward 5 Councilmember and or candidates.
Blink 182 ;P
Dear Twitter.
I tell you everything.
can we get some college basketball talk?
Yea, they got like the 24th pick
is there a Website?
d'aww que cute
We had fun anyway!
lol BratWho ??
A Man Is Not Old Until Regrets Take the Place of doctorams
Oxygen Magnesium, is it 6p yet?!?!
leggo Longhorns!!
hookem!!
It's the last FF of the year: Enjoy the rest of the old year!
Same is going on in LoDo!!

Working on getting and on the team!
Lets make big moves!
More info coming soon...
Cannot believe everydaysunshine won't be on PBS station in DC area!
Come on Feb 1 so I can buy on iTunes!
ok how are you
Giants are getting ready to win this game!!!!!
/Of 100,000 kids, 11.8 are like to get type 2 diabetes, 2700 are likely to develop an eating disorder.
Let's just focus on loving ourselves?
I feel so dead.
6 hrs of paintings...with one 30min break in between.
I just stopped.
The book is on it's way!
Enjoy.
Wow.
Nice job.
Car to share any pointers?
Any parties coming up?!
Ask us about having it on Fridays ,  Sat 3 to help out!
is good company, y'all.
Especially when topics include: 3rd wave Ska, comics, and New media.
ugh no one cares how u wanna do ur hair for prom u chunti hoodoctorts ugh ugh
Yescheck it out in the article.
Boston Consulting Group alumni big at Broad.
What's up in Camden?
Shoot me an email
That's our favorite Talking Heads song.
There's a grainy video of Byrne on stage singing it w/ the Arcade Fire after Funeral came out.
lee boreed.
' tweet me niqqas...c;
when I'm finished with them I'll bring them to you !
Kobe time
so jealous lol
it's a family of Brazilian restaurants, but the first in Colorado.
Excited to be here
This weekend is devoted to Marcus Luttrell's forthcoming book SERVICE.
The rest of you will have to wait until May!
I'm actually a wuss about movies, I can read anything but seeing it in front of me on a screen is another matter...
At least there won't be a repeat of the last time...
doctorving to Chester for WSOPC on Monday and me need to know where to get a room Suggestion?
Power outage on our street.
Awesome.
SAY MY PANTS!
I love meeting other sets of twins...
My mother attacks me for food hahaha oh being home
you rock :
Science test tomorrow FUCK Im failing that class
the butts in
Shes my teacher, my adviser, my greatest inspiration.
Whitney Houston
It was a nice idea, too bad it didn't actually WORK
TRUE!
TRUE!
Free baseball at Wrigley
make matters worst, someone had a blow out and their tire knocked out the scoop from my cayman.
Thanks!
Im watching it now while i wait!
Congrats Chelsea.
Very cool.
Hey thanks for following.
;
Heard if you not getting money 10 different ways in America, you bullshittn.
Happy 2 Impactful Speaking Groups graduated today.
Sad I wont see them on a regular basis...planning alumni workshops!
Congrats grads!
looking for a job is exhausting...I can't wait for baseball season to start again
mad love and respect to my trainer' crossfitcle aaron,adam,jeff,dan and julie!!!!
train hard or go home!!!!
Just got the best welcome email for the new position I'll begin tomorrow!!
Cannot wait!!
I hear that!
Looking forward to seeing your recommedations soon!!
Dancing with the star 3 go Rob....
very cool, have fun!!
let's get together soon!
Join some of us Winos tomorrow night at for their PasoRobles Tasting 58pm.
39 wines for 5!
Can't beat it...
New stuff coming real soon, I promise!
Just be patient guys, it'll be worth the wait!
can't wait to see you tonight!
: ready to celebrate our monthaversary in chicago?
Ha
they are really good books
u weren't champs last year for nothing.
The bling ring should be weighing the hand down.
Hahahaha
Except when he doesn't post it.
RT Mayweather hits the flush on the river.
Every.
Freaking.
Time.
And this the life we chose, workin' all night swear I'm never goin' broke.
G2G School is starting!
We rap better, look better, now give me a semmich!
RT : The girls are answering this 3 minute question right now: I cherish, love  respect myself by...
Try it out for you!
Idiots talk about what they've been told.Average ppl talk about what they have seen.Smart ppl talk about what they kno after carefulresearch
greed is not the way.
Trained with best teachers including  doctor.
Pierre Fournier, Jeffry Klein, Marco Gasparotti, Alberto Goldman, H.Y.
Lee and Hartmut Meyer.
'Sleeping to doctoram about you  I'm so damn tired of having to live without you...' z
Geez, with his last name, you'd think he'd have sent pics of ANYTHING but what he did.
Impeach for stupidity!
Pretty good : Just meeting new people and getting followers.
you?
Every marriage has its painful moments.
With my advice, you can turn those moments into growing pains.
I guess so.
Very strange and displeasing.
Sorry you got it too.
it's very brave of you to share this.
are you going to have nightmares?
Peyton Manning to sign with Denver Broncos...
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
So...I would have paid 20 alone to hear Carolyn Perteet's rendition of 'Don't Know Why' tonight Absolutely stunning.
S/o to one of my detroit fans, ily baby girl
Sorry u can't make it but congrats on the opening!
It's not realistic to seek what you don't believe in.
Believe in your doctorams to take the proper steps to achieve them
needs to play Wow.
Been too long!!!!!
We follow
I sware ihate wen ppl.walk around playing their music on their phones , loud !
Likee
Like big tuck once said...
this is the texas takeova!
lol Thank god for you metal heads still keeping it alive!
Defenders of the faith
I'm serious.
No gift to your mother can ever equal her gift to you LIFE.
Happy Mother's Day my Twitter family and friendsBAMM.
Do Patriots have to start using timeouts now?
Me hopes so.
the siri commercial is adorable  make me want a siri
Wow!
You may be coming the farthest distance, I don't think we're expecting too many folks from out of state.
Hey chefs, enhance your butchery skills  learn how to get the most product out of an animal with Tia Harrison from
Lol, I don't like her.
After the second olive I have decided they weren't gonna taste any better....
only only gets worse...lmao
Is there one New Year baby flying around on Dec 31 in celebration or many?
I can't stop thinking how often babies pee and crap...
Girl is going to shank me when she finds out I've been stealing her chocolate milk.
So good in the coffee, though.
Thx!
It was fun!
MT FF to Whose Ballot is it Anyway stars for gettin' up on stage!
Poster presentations: much more nervewracking than papers bc of the interactivity; gotta be on top of evythng.
Bring this to the humanities
I LOVED it!
How's Nashville?
I really want to visit!!!
D.Rose, Dumervil, Faried Throwback, Magic, English, Gasol Spain and one very, very snig Birdman tshirt jersey on a portly young man
I have so so much to tell you katie.
Please please please call
Thanks for letting me know about that!
THE AVENGERS was fantastic.
Whedon crushed it, guys.
It's everything you're hoping for.
Wondering what steps should be taken towards finding a home for me and my child.
Pretty new at this
I hate it when optimizing a short, tidy, bruteforce, slow algorithm also has the side effect of making it long and aesthetically bloated.
You better get to planning, gurl!
Lol
The husb.
is currently working on his presentation for Emma's class tomorrow.
I think this is stressing him more.
Woot  it's contract day at Elon!
Always nice to know you've got a job next year.
hey sexy!
Yes, that is the program of that we were talking about.
Absolutely something to promote.
Happy Mother's Day to all our Miami Moms!
Thank you for making this a great city in so many ways.
;
it was said to Heidi Montag :P
I totally lied, I feel like I'm slowly dying inside, just hearing me saying I'm okay out loud makes it worse.
I do.
Wow, when was that?
I remember American Madness being good, but I'm doctorwing a blank on Dirigible.
And now into the mix comes rehearsal 4 days a week.
overbooked First rehearsal today for THE UNDERPANTS at BRLT.
Please do!
its so cold today!
Your killin' me!
Can't do anything right
Is anyone else going to the Xfactor tour?:
All of our Easter Merchandise is now 50 OFF...
did you forget anything for tomorrow?
Great day to cuddle and watch a movie :
thanks sir!
:
That picture is currently on my wall 3
RT: Follow for live coverage HR910  a bill that would allow unlimited amounts of carbon pollution in our air
I'm having one of those days, I ready to get my hair braided up, I need a break from my hair maybe...
I'll get a frohawk hmm....
On to the next one
Good Luck!
I'll be listening :p
LOL I am not a fool.
She is from New Orleans.
She is crazy
I guess we're both missing out on the opportunity to have things happen there that stay there.
You never believed me when i said and i never believe you when you say i love you.
This editorsmeeting sounds amazing.
Keep the hits coming.
lol you'll be fine as long as you're not a complete idiot
thinks some people play the victim so well!!!
probably made about 300 today too.
holy shit I love summer.
hahaha
Hi, aren't you with the ADL Academic CoLab in Madison?
We met at iFest last year.
You work with mobility?
My buddy got one, and he says it crashes constantly, and regrets buying it.
You homie hop and then expect some sympathy ?
..
thats
I just had sex with ;

thanks.
it just feels so wrong.
im beyond busy!
Oh no!
Madonna's daughter was caught smoking!
Call the police!
God some of your topics are a little rtaded lol
That is a solid idea as well.
Although I've spent a lot of hours in that space.
Was hoping to go somewhere newish.
Time sets the stage; fate writes the script; but only we may choose our character.
Liam Thomas Ryder
Twitter, you and I need to talk.
i need to see the hunger games desperatley!!
FINAL Mem 90 Clippers 88  Clips are headed to Memphis TIP OFF 10 am on ABCTV.
GoCLIPPERS!!!
NY is great as always enroute there as we speak, how's the youngster ?
Wisconsin state elections officials plan to go to court this week to get extension for review of Wis.
Gov.
Walker recall signatures
Well, that would be awesome, but I won't hold my breath!
; Looking forward to hearing more about !
yall dont need to work out!
Yall both in great shape :
sadly, no.
he may fit that 6th man role
Love that show!
I think you'll find there to be a few more redeeming things than Joe Rogan if you watch a few more...
My mom always gets butthurt at me...
Thanks for the follow !
Victory is mine.
Found the tiny hole in my thermarest, averting further gradualonset rocky cold nights.

AND EVERYTHING, WHETHER AWARE OR NOT, FULFILLS GOD'S PURPOSE.
Dude  you're the best reality show host in the business.
You're my vote for the new host of X Factor!
This Boy im suppose to be talkin to Been messin with Alecia ..
like wtf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks!
Rage is going to be a great game, I've loved working on it
Eventually...
hopefully ill find a guy who isnt an asshole, ugh
brought 2 beautiful people into the world and
and the Browns.
Off to pick up my new headshots from Kyle Zimmerman Photography.
Really liked their service.
I'll only say this about Devils fans: the Rangers, Flyers, Habs, Bruins or Wings never held a don't invade our building campaign.
they call me Absters...
:P everyone calls me that now because of Andy abbie
looks like a great read!
Thanks Larry!
IndiansKidsClubhouse the Social Dudes will be there to check it out tomorrow also
fuck you pussy!
cool.
Thanks
The Swedish part of my family was, I think, the most recent to come over to the US.
So hot I'm about to strip down naked on the F train
I feel like that would be an Amazing friendship that would last forever.
Id feel almost unworthy haha
God gave me you for the ups and downs.
God gave me you for the days I'm down.
is selling locally made dog treats go see for yourself at easton towns center!
they r as good!
I even end up buying colors I don't normally because when you blend them they are gorg  unique
Last night at the dinner table I explained James II's warming pan baby to my Mom.
Just call it the original Birther controversy.
Mae Wests 1926 play Sex, the story of a Montreal prostitute, ran 4 a yr before NY charged the theater w/ lewdness  corruption of youth.
Nobodys PERFECT Unless Your Barbie Dont Judge anyone  .
You hurt me but I still love you.
Easter Specials3 Available for Men  Women.
Weaves, Updos, Braids, Flat Irons, MakeUp Artist, Full Mens Barbermore!
Make your appts now!
creepy would be a good word for it Lol.
That's an 11 billion boost to the couch potato industry.
Have a BLAST!
Thanks for mentioning us, Daniel.
we are very proud of the truly remarkable exit!
You made my day
I love
There was a time that git push heroku master would have sounded to me like code words that spys use to ID one another.
I guess you know me too well Prima ;
Kevin Durant is the most clutch player in the NBA
thanks for a great webinar: Six Weeks to Launch.
The template for planning a launch was very helpful.
Fucken idiot did something stupid to the building tht it set off the fire alarm...
my sickness was going away..now its gonna get worse.
You can borrow my Shake Weight,
I'm sure I was already freaking him out with my giant glee face, a camera would ave made him run away lol!
I gave K on cuz he asked and he'll be returning the favor and then some.
Thanks, Ben
People say they real but dnt show it.
excited about adding video pins  more choices for students to pin and organize their research!
Please let it rain
were doctors!
Didn't the First Down Lineon TV used to be blue?
Now it's yellow.
WTF??
Miss Congeniality is on!
Sports crossover?
Yes, that was CarlEdwards in that Ford commercial.
You can follow this NASCAR star via
I hope everyone is safe from tornadoes tonight and hope Joplin and other affected areas are feeling all of our support.
paramore and muse are my favorite bands ever!!
cultural studies, a degree where the only thing you can do is to teach others to have the same worthless degree
HoneyBadger don't give a shit about a heisman trophy
1/24/1777 to W.
Livingston:Under good Officers, not only render real Service as Soldiers but protect, instead of distressing the Inhabitants
what you doing??
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Get in contact with us!
I hate junk mail tweets!
how about milwaukee please.
i hate waiting years to see people.
Great decision by Ty not taking the 3 and taking the easy 2
Gonna have one of those insanely productive days!
so much shit to do.
RT : As AmericanU would tell you, when you know something forwards and backwards, you're a wonk.
I got a lump of coal this year...
Yes!!
I think I'm going to bake some Snickerdoodles.
:D
some consolation: great parties 2 go 2 Sat  Sun
Thank you for all the RTs and mentions this week!
Surrender time tonight get ready...
Just use my name  guestlist for free admission Travis Sosa Only
welcome to twitter!!
Moving day Part 1 tomorrow.
Had a wonderful interview today !
Hoping for some good news!
That day was way too much much haha.
Miss you too, hope youre enjoying Barce!
Welcome to LELC!
Interesting.
How many podcast titles do you try get through in a week?
your the man Steve have a great weekend
I know.
I thought that was a little harsh.
You can punish the guy, but destroying the phone is a bit extreme.
I don't like doctorma I stay out of it, people don't need to know my business
TELL YOUR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW today and you could win FREE LAP DANCES!
To lazy to type?
Fri.
March 23rd Free Lap Dance Day!
Thank you Irene!
my flight for df11 is officially cancelled.
Kia runs a takeover on Y!
Sports today, but doesn't utilize any NBA IP.
Missed opportunity.
I bet you want tht mangosteen
April 26 is Custom Appreciation Day at !
Join us from 48 pm for demonstrations by experts on musthave new spring products.
I'm sure you did fine boss
3 and a half hours playing soccer in the rain is always my favorite way to spend my Sunday morning lol
Westchester putting a wrap on it up 21 with 5 minutes to go
finally got out of the hospital on the 12th...was there longer than the doc planned.
Still trying to recoop and get used to some new meds.
1 million iPads sold in less than a month.
The iPhone took twice as long to reach the same sales numbers.
Looking forward to seeing the G3.
Couldn't country hop this time, so did something more immediate and accessible.
how's my cali boy
Great meeting this afternoon with to discuss Housing Matters campaign.
www.HousingMattersSD.org
either i need another new charger or my computer has officially gotten old...
RT Why do social media?
It's your museumYOU tell US why u should be doing social media.
Otherwise you're wasting time/
Just got off of work...tired af right now 
wow lol i am speechless
what up , you got alot of troops in the Atl, black man.
ACM Rocks Bricktown is tomorrow!
We teamed up with for the stage: ,  more
GATOR'S BITCHES BETTER BE WEARIN' JIMMYS was the other guys this funny the first time i saw it?
thatawkwardmoment when doesn't know that people will love his video 3
absolutely!
Extremely exited when into the double digits ...
Rock chalk at the shores!
Only Kansan here..
hurry up guys
Thanks dude!
thanks!
We miss you
now you know who your true friends are and who are not :
I need a DJ name though
Terrible no call, but the Mav's PP is anenic.
No pressure and no sustained play.
onedone
Not enough social hash tags for superbowlXLVI interaction.
It is 2012!!!
obviously you're invited!
It worked!
This means my adopted dad was Native American.
Solved THAT mystery!

on the Star Trek Holodeck: Are they in that room?
Don't they have a room on that ship, where they can pretend things?
will do Gayla!
Hope all well!
Emergency feral cat relocation last night.
Hope Munk  Miles r adjusting 2 their new home.
Thankful 4 folks who step up to help
ye they were in ny n were on a new icrly called i go one direction and on saturday night live, snl takes place in ny so ya
Visit us at Graciesbag.net for the latest savings!
Don't miss the latest savings subscribe to our site for the latest updates!!
Just gettin in from private Nelly concert Event..Remy knows how to throw a party!'
we did, unfortunately.
our apologies for spamming your inbox.
we have corrected the problem, fingers crossed.
There's still time to donate gently used books to Jen's Little Free Library.
Help get books into kids' hands this summer....
Listening to the new demo of Stay w/
Will we get to see the new haircut anytime soon:
We've been listening to your covers and originals, great music!
Let us know if you want to check out our studio!
Going flying today
Happy national grilled cheese month!
Celebrate by volunteering with us!
grilled cheese not provided
Still In School D:
To my mom ...
I miss you always.
You taught me so much about life, love and charity.
My work is dedicated to you.
I love you mom!
Very true!
Give me ideas to be better!
EVERYWHERE i turn they're telling me another celebrity is pregnant stophavingsex just stop it!
lol
RT this to wish a happy bday!!
john wouldn't blame me at all
Thanks Robbie!
Twitter doesn't seem like the same place it used to be...
can a original baddbitch get a deal?
Gotta game tonight playin goalie best be playing like holtby
I'll go but not if there are any dick jokes.
Congrats to the Buffs on their road win!
You beat Utah and horrible officiating at the same time.
glad you're a fan too :
why does that not surprise me.
:
You're welcome.
And thank you for all the incredible work you do for folks who suffered a stroke.
Watch Fourth Tron Uprising Trailer!
Kevin Kolb offers great value in fantasy because he can be doctorfted as a QB2 and he has a great shot at posting QB1 numbers
I have an appointment or booking every day this week.
It's going to be a busy one.
Back to the grind I go.
thank you Morgan :
Love You Too Babe :
With less than a minute to go, down by 1, misses two free throws.
Maloofs  Assclowns.
Someone cue up that montage they made when the deal was struck the first time.
the battery life or life expectancy and which one were you planning on getting?
Pretty impressed with my airfare purchase skills of 166RT home for Easter!
Combo of Delta SWA maybe my calling?
yes, please!
You around on the 19th?
It's my graduation, so we'll be eatin' and doctornkin', no big party, just hanging out.
Buck needs to quit horses and start teaching crustpunks how to be cool to their dogs.
Taking notes...
RT : she spends 5 hours a day tending to her face....
Haha I thot u meant my post I sent u
I feel really bad for the chick from the ultra savage ...
cut her some slack guys it is ULTRA its not like you werent on something.
FF and thans for following us!
Hey great to meet u too.
We look forward to all that's ahead!
King Kenny out at LFC.
Should be an interesting hire process to follow in the coming weeks.
Hooray!
May the wind be at your back.
if you ever wondered why you always get with the wrong girls..check and see if you have dirt under your nails, women like clean men
Testing my 5th fish recipe of the day.
Pretty soon I'm going to grow gills!
If you would like us to market your product/service/business or yourself, contact us at .
how in the world did that happen?
LOL
BEAUTIFUL LADIES!!
Oh cool we can have OUR gym back now :
Is it still open ???
Can adults make groceries and play with bubbles there too ??
serious tweet RT : childoctorns museum?
It's really hard to take any professorssional serious when they sound exactly like Napoleon Dynamite.
A verry merry unbirthday to you.
Thoroughly enjoying Marilyn Manson's new Christmas album.
Attached for a starring role in an independent feature film that shoots in Big Bear for three weeks in September.
More info to come.
:
20 Jumping Jacks followed by 15 Push Ups!
Yes.
You.
CAN!
I haven't had a Honey Bun in so long.
We have just changed our Facebook page to Timeline...
it's pretty cool, come and take a look :
what Up with this ride to porm and too kingisland
no way
thank you and see you tonight 
Thanks buddy!!
writing thank you letters for last week's trip to charlotte, then cranking out a presentation on the confederate flag for tomorrow.
Waiting  to not wait
Sexual abuse against childoctorn is most often perpetrated by a friend/relative.
Be vigilant.
heading over to visit Kimberly  Simply Desserts to pick up some sweet treats for a birthday cookout this afternoon!
: Doc Emerick is the man
Not too bad.
Did a little running around today.
Now I'm home for good, I hope :
Junior member when we saw travis barker at the blokc
Did a lot better on the presentation than I thought we were gonna do..
What possesses echofon to have these wack ads popping up
All chem teachers love you..

For the world tour is America included  every American's are wondering if you'd go there b/c you'd been their recently?
Alshon jeffery welcome to chi town!
great move emery!
At the public library...today it seems like a normal place
Pray for all those girls and leaders going on the retreat tonight!
They need our prayers!
: I would rather YOU follow ME.
Bhaha
We are just opening our doors Today!
no u mad
Two down, 160 more to go.
Twitter is the new facebook .
Well thats the only way you can talk too bitches ;
lmaoo they be goin at it..
u should have called me.
mine might say JIGGY
Interesting thing I've noticed in this job.
Execs want more information than is necessary where I prefer as little extra info as possible.
the viewing asked if Karl is doctornk right now and 81 said yes
Really excited to see Freddy Couples has a share of the lead in It'll be tough to hold on but I'd love to see him win.
Of course.
Screech comes in rubbing her stomach.
Tell us more about how that would work...
Is there a software that automatically mutes TV or iPhone when sports news start?
Tough loss for the RedSox as they lose 10 to Blue Jays on walkoff homer in the 11th.
Beckett didn't make it of 4th inning due to injury.
you are a very wise man, unlike
And it's a nice night to be outside.
:
Not gonna be on twitter for a while.
Talking to robots, more and more are attracted.
It's all so strange.
A REAL RELATIONSHIP: has fights, trust, faith, tears, pain, argument, patience, secrets, jealousy  LOVE!
Isn't it sad when flight delays are the norm instead of the exception
While they may start out doing it for the candy, they soon become captainvated with the idea of
I just saw Laurie from that 70's show's mugshot and holy shit...
On the OTHER hand, the Hispanic population has EXPLODED in the last 10 years, so how long do you continue to call a majority a minority?
setting up physical display space for dml creations  wonder if we will get people who are confident enough to ask to display
I gotta say, I've come to feel real good about my recorded voice.
Here's hoping that one day I'll feel this good about pics  video!
You can suck my diznick!!!
Celebs Party And Go Hippie Chic At Coachella Music Festival
thank you, thank you thurr sexy ;
Hey, check your DM for my meetup suggestion
Demonstrate to the company what you can offer them in advertising for there donation.
Should be 34 advertising benefits
hell yea!
something that you need , sometimes want ...
YOU KNOW
dats wuss up i sent you a email also..
im having difficulties buying the ones i want
that lady cray.
So frustrating.
That Buy India a Library project you did?
So full of love.
Keep it up!
I wanna be vegetarian, this includes not eat Seafood?
I do not eat meat, chicken and fish.
please reply me : 3.
m 1/2 natural chocolate.
Not really interested in what the non natural 50 contains
skip stop with the cowboys.
Remember you said the giants we're the worst team in the NFC east last year in pre season.
LOL
Let me tell ya what happens when you turn 50 young tweeters.
AARP ads, bunyons and too many dear friends dying.
Go eat, doctornk and be merry.
you're welcome..
I aw trying to come out there but no one was going to take me that far sowwy
The check is in the mail.
Sorry it didn't go out yesterday  busy day!
school tomorroow: bed son.
Checked into the Mayflower and watching Star Wars!
Thanks !!!
You're the best.
Someone asks if we could offer a weekly Christian Rap/Hip Hop show on What do you think?
Charter Internet is faster than the Internet at home
need 2 add Mobli App.
It's truly great.
It takes skill to trip over flat surfaces...
I've been trying to sleep for 30 minutes.
This isnt working lol
Looking for an audience?
Wanna be part of one?
We have Open Mic nights every Tuesday and Wednesday.
Come on down!
Ehhhh is this spam?
which game?
Online booking is up and running again.
YAY!
Click the Book Your Massage tab to the left to check it out...
Lawrence Sorry.
Coffee at clc makes my morning.
my teacher said we could request a song.
I automatically thought of I'm tasty, Then he said it had to be school appropriate.
There's no worse feeling than sleeping with socks on.
TURN TO YOU, You are such a huge inspiration..
Can anyone recommend a very reliable brand for USB flash doctorves?
Marcy Massura on growing communities and managing the community managers.
I am working on this goddamn book, no time for love doctorJones
So often time it happens, we all live our life in chains, and we never even know we have the key.
The Eagles
Free yoga in Schenley Plaza today at noon.
It's a beautiful day for it!
is delivering the goods on Facebook marketing  analytics / engagement at right now!
also hope Ware goes and they keep Scott and Brown.
And watch: They'll pick up a TE from the Packers who are loaded with 'em.
FF Go see their last 2 shows of The Invisible Man/Jekyll  Hyde tonight and Sat, 7:30p at the Alchemist Theatre!!!
FF BridgeDay  Tomorrow Fayetteville becomes one of the state's largest and most adoctornaline filled cities,
Buying Chronicle today on bluray!!!
Heat fans who thought they'd sweep Pacers should check to see how Pacers only had 4 less wins, in a harder division.
To the ahole who stole my catalytic converter while I worked I hope you get cancer from the precious metals!
Or at least doctorp it on ur toe
Maybe this explains the slow Internet on campus...
Are my fellow Chicagoans ready for the NATO Summit next weekend
right?
I can hardly believe it myself.
you taking off on twitter bruh.
Not for nothin' but it is what it is.
did PM call you?
I'm wrapping up YL while you deal with the group seating onslaught.
Let me know if you need me.
If you don't like the ICONic boyz, you should just unfollow me now.
Hey Seth, how about Scott Cherry for GMU coach?
Great name, by the way.
Happy mothers day 2 dat pregnant mom who wuz found dead in her apartment
I say Obama leaves at halftime!
That one's good too, but I was thinking of Make Some Noise.
Oh good point!!!
Shoot.
I will fix.
i am so sorry!!!!
how about we go now????
Currently or alltime?
Currently, obviously first.
Alltime, somewhere in the 47 range.
Goodnight, Des Moines.
I'll love you forever.
on KUOW right now!
Thank you!
People are still doing the thing where they pretend a good NCAA team could beat an NBA team?
I thought we moved past this.
Na jonesy is at least capable of human emotions
get of that damn game
alright the feed is open like .
.
nevermind.
Come in today for 1.50 Mexican beer!!!!
Also bring the kiddos for kids eat free!!!
Glad it made it!
Enjoy and have a beer for me.
Do you think today's events put the sellout streak at the RG at risk?
Aww!
Give him a happy birthday hug from me, too.
:
Happy Halloween everybody!!
Don't gain gain alot of weight lol :
Indeed it is!
:
Today is my birthday also  happy birthday!
LetsMove Flash Workouts have been a worldwide success thanks you all!
Big surprise COMING SOON  get ready!
RETWEET!
Thanks for the FF mentions  !
Went 2 COMIKAZI comic convention LA Convention Center today.Marina Sirtis/Counselor Deanna Troi was there  addoctorssed me as YOUNG MAN:
On the 16th is 's birthday!
Wish I could celebrate with her..Love u Janet!!
Eating my Klondike!!
:
your welcome.
Good night!
hoping to be able to talk to pierre omidyar, plans to reduce emission needs an investor
Why does everyone seem to think all decisions should be made by politicians and voters?
We have courts for a reason.
I might have something until 5I'll give you a ring after that!
Shooting at Marlowe and Camp Greene clt cltnews Pray for the families and victim.
The world is heavily influenced..
RT My married coworker just showed me his Ashley Madison account.
NoTurningBackNow // Ugh
whtever u never called me after the mall!!!!!
mala!
Now, That was a subtle message....lol
Resistance to SOPA proves coordinated citizen effort can defeat MSM who ignored it; we can rally and spread truth ppl dont trust MSM
i just listen to that song.
Why are U highlighting the WashTimes, a rightwing paper w/no journalistic integrity, or facts?
KNOW WHAT IM SAYIN : I spit more rhymes than a lazy Susan and i'm innocent till' my guilt is proven...
peace.
JRocBaby
so true :
Just in case I forget tomorrow is
Wanna lose a boner fast?
3 words: Sex With Oprah
yeah that might be a bit difficult...
moment of terror in boxing.
Tyson/Spinks fight.
Tyson hit his gloves together.
Spinks nearly collapses in fright!
Thank you!!
14 more people go follow :
Anyone else in metrowest Boston on Comcast having slow internet?
Traceroute shows 23 seconds per hop and speed tests show just 3000kbps
ditto...can't believe it's only 7pm now!
True, our feet don't gain weight, but the heavier we women get, the harder it is for us to handle wearing high heels.
It hurts!
I loved playing on the road in college.
No better feeling than a silent gym.
Wish I could play tonight!
2:15 to tipoff.
So we're running from a skunk in my neighborhood and all I can think is, Please don't spray me in my sweats!
Countdown to the opening of the exhibit canyouwalkaway on Feb 17!
10 more days!
slavery,
agreed.
And the speed and the quality hence my notion of learning tothepower of 'e'  enable, extend and enhance learning
Hey!
What's your schedule like today 4/9...
It's because I love him that I'll destroy anyone who tries to take him.
3
There is plenty of speculation about how facebook timeline for brands will look and function.
Any predictions?
No limits are set to the ascent of man, and to each and everyone the highest stands open.
Here it is only your personal choice that...
i think ella is the only one having any fun
Thanks to everyone who came out to support me but most importantly thanks to my LFL RB.
well, looks like ill be going to semi alone!:
Enjoying the new Pavement Sea album
OK aha
I called you back i miss you bae tata gone Dahmir with her and nana gone so are you go be home tonight
I didn't think you could outdo the pic in the UK jersey, but WOW!...beautiful!
can people plz follow me
He A
Not yet, we'll be sending those emails out after all applications are in and reviewed.
No sign of end to Europe's debt crisis, despite various proposals  market optimism.
There's no leadership, as different interests squabble.
CNBC finally switched to hockey.
What happened for the first hour?
But no sound yet.
You are capable of far greater things than you realize.
You know it deep in your head already.
Pull your feet from the mud and go.
does the navy test for PEDs?
Strippergate star Ralph Inzunza has a date for his bail review July 1st before Judge Millerpack a toothbrush?
same sex marriage means you and ur wife like the same positions!!!
Scottish or Icelandic
I'm going to bed love you guys good night and good morning
Eye Empire.
I wouldn't throw out the family lore without looking at more evidence beyond the one original source.
What fun!!!
fuck you :/ I wanna weigh less
we really are though.
oh well, more fun for us.
Cyborg Santos suspended 1 yr for steroid use?
This is an outrage!!
I would never guess that in a million years.
Be sure to check out the story on Ingrid in the October issue of !!
That 1 thing that makes you special, you know, the thing bullies bug u about, well the bullies wish they had it.
I am so sorry for your lose.
Possible nono going on.
6 outs to go.
Q3 we have a quiet room in the office for that and other activities so no sleeping that I know of in our little library.
Will definitely be back for another soon!
:
HarryPotter and the DeathlyHallows comes out friday; the premiere was awesome
FORTYNINERS HOME GAME
freestyle friday
awe i love your pic!
Haha
haha.
I had to come double check.
My last visit is a little blurry.
There are no podcasts from March in my backlog.
Onward to April!
One day I'll tell you some fascinating espionage gossip.
When you grow up inside the Beltway, there are some crazy stories.
well thanks!
I appreciate that!
Check on your neighbors, esp.
older or disabled people.
Share uptodate info and if they need emergency help, call 911.
I love a good thunderstorm.
They're both full of rich substance and satisfying stories that assume intelligence in viewers.
Unfortunately the viewer didn't reciprocate.
no one cares anymore, relax
Don't blame me.
RT WOW.
: Broncos inactives: Bailey, Dumervil, Lloyd, Moreno, D.
Thomas, M.
Thomas, Williams
My favorite song of 2011 is
Put that wiz khalifa Color in the front of ya'll head
I love how all activity is about the Pens
: the Humming Herder is going to change your night  Piscologa pisco, lavender, Bitter End Moroccan bitters, lemon, nutmeg.
Don't forget, we have a FREE LUNCH for a lucky friend when he hit Facebook like number 100.
Pass the word!
: One million memories, ten thousand inside jokes, one hundoctord shared secrets, one reason: Best friends
Engagement requires personalization beyond features/benefits.
Tell stories about your customers and how your product fits their lifestyle.
'Sometimes God says, No, wait.
This is very difficult to accept.
We prefer, Yes, now.' Bill Oudemolen
My point was, the reform in Mass.
did not solve the problem, just renamed it.
If you are going to make change then change!
gracias, for including Mary Oishi's title SPIRIT BIRDS THEY TOLD me in the holiday guide, out now.
BJORK has a new song out called Virus, its an extended metaphor discussing loves likeness to a virus, which needs a host to propagate.
Have you caught any of our cool high school nicknames?
If not checkout hsnicknames.
Neat stuff light Poco Dots  Mars Fightin Planets.
glad to join you on tweeter :
People talk bout what guys need to do for a relatonship but a relatonshp has 2 people So why isnt there anything bout what girls need to do?
You are perfect.
Maybe I'll ask my roomies for baking tips
Oomfs Says The Cutest Stuff To Me 3
Free for Vegas locals before 1am!
Go bucks I will always back Terrelle Pryor, if I could sell my autograph on a sweaty jockstrap and make 200 when I can't have a job I would
Shut down west and we'll kill you with the rest
I can't even remember what I used to do in traffic before the iPhone
Gotten?
Is that from the makers of it has already been broughten?
Awesome panel.
Audience is already responding.
Now we're discussing the disconnect with mentors btwn millennials and boomers
They might want to lower ticket prices if it is JLS.
I'm tired of being tired.
Yeah...many curry pastes have fish sauce /or shrimp paste in them.
We get one that doesn't, but restaurants?
crap shoot.
Just getting on and trying to figure out twitter
thank you for the encouragment.
you doing camden?
Tell me you saw it at the Mall of America
everybody follow my lil bro plzz he really needs followers he is loosing his mind lol
wow that bad: Me and phones don't get along at all good thing I got insurance
aren't reunions the best?!
same.
Just music :
and I didn't get a ticket:'
is by far the sweetest guy ever!
would you like to tell us what you're reading for friday's what are you reading?
post?
helloyouplusmedesigncom!
Hark I'm pumping iron now so I don't look like a big wide cow.
When I'm done I'll doctornk hot chocolate though without marshmallows now.
I'm one of those people who can't settle for mediocrity.
I need full on crashandburn failure.
/via
Really 2 days before my birthday...
can you stop by douglass hs tomorrow between 330715...hoopfest hosted by coach burg
Misheard lyric: she wears an Egyptian wig, it sparkles before she sleeps.
Know the song?
i cant DM you back because youre not following me...but i'm open to ideas for collab.
we have an historic property.
I got really excited because I saw a spiderman book and I banged my head on the rack trying to get it :
Sending tweets in school cuz its new to you
when i worked in cataloging, i once wrote to an educational dvd company with corrections to all the typos on the packaging
That's great, I'll check it out.
I have several patients with fibromyalgia.
i have lots of extremely attractive followers, hollllaaa
Wow!
You have 5 JAMposters, we are so glad you like Ella and Frank.
Thanks for keeping Jazz alive!
lol thx for the love!
You are gorgeous btw!!
;
I wish!
catless???
Nobody should ever be catless!
Would u like to borrow one of mine?
app called pic stitch
Imagine you're crying in your room.
Then Niall walks in.
He says nothing.
He holds you tight and gives you a soft kiss on the lips.
Sometimes when I think about kittens, I get all emotional because it reminds me that one day we are all going to die, much like your kittens
S/O to the newest additions 2
Rev.
Lennox Yearwood, hip hop caucus, re: states' new voting laws.
This is our lunch counter moment.
Doing longnails then taking them off because they tick
Who can say if I've been changed for the better, but because I knew you I have been changed for good.
It's TOO early!!!
Right.
Although, I have a clean shirt.
The smell of a sharpie...
LMFAO.
THIS JOKE I JUST HEARD ABOUT WANTING TO BE TEXAN, lol no, texas is like THE WORST state in the US.
it sucks ass.
a day with only one meeting?
could it be?
something's not right....
you know it!!!!!!!!!
So psyched for Promosaurus!
Mmhmm.
I decided I can never live anywhere without a Container Store and Trader Joe's.
Love my new friends, and 
So apparently my brother waited on Amy Winehouse's parents tonight at the Pub.
Standing in the middle of our coldasack looking for my momma to doctorve down the hill.
I start school in 10 min
Thanks for entering the KeyToBlackKeys Giveaway!
Winners announced tomorrow morning on Twitter at 9 AM!
Good Luck!
Great stuff, ladies!
Thx for wisdom!
hard to find locals...
training now with Mistress Susan now as her pet kitti kathy
hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahaha !!!
gothca el oh el!!!!
:p
Taking in some museums, a baseball game...
you know, the usual ; RT Bueller!!!
Where have you been!?
Great streak !
RT : Brewers John Axford's consecutive saves streak ends at 49, fourth in MLB history.
lets get this SOH project popin!
What's your favorite Jewish blog?
What's your favorite blog of any kind?
Shot a huge comedy scene last night with Pancho Molar and his friend Joe.
Great fun, but hard work.
Cool, I'll give it a read, thanks for the pass along.
I googled a picture of george bush the other day and my brother do kinda look like him lmao
Has a cactus ever rubbed up against you?
that brings the cool!
Smbme glad your team is here!
Buzzword is officially a buzzword, did you know that?
Average length of a coat hanger when straightened: 44 inches
that or like you, scoured the earth for perfect names for my kids.
RT : A3: to put it simply, getting in to the wrong stuff.
This statement can be applied to most, if not all, religions.
So glad that its raining.
What a cozy day.
A triumph!
We should do it again and again!
I hate my phone with a passion
I love me some Terry RT : I will become a fan of whatever team Terry Francona manages next
One Time
was amazing at Book and Stage at the Cosmopolitan tonight!
Are we playing interleague already?!?!
Damn time flies.
well, well, well.
The vice president has finally made it to the Twitter
On the road again.
Get ready Dallas.
I Hate him .
I LOVE YOU
RT engadget Samsung Galaxy Tab P1000 gets wild with Andoctorid 2.2: Recognize those bits and bobs?
By now you should....
No prob.
I did, hat tip to you good sir.
Is it too early to complain that Spring failed to arrive to the NW while I was gone?
I'm doing it anyhow.
Commence whining session.
with the current state of med and tech in this field, how long do you think it will take?
: Leos tend to communicate their feeling and thoughts with humor.
so true
In War: Resolution.
In Defeat: Defiance.
In Victory: Magnanimity.
In Peace: Goodwill.
Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill
Reinvention is the key to longevity.
Now Whirlpool story at
I can meet with you tomorrow re:
good job bb.
good luck on your boards!
i think that jewish/holocaust jokes are hilarous..and frankly i dont give a fuck,
So when did the Freedom Tower become One World Trade Center?
Ur the loudest crowd so far!
We won't let the rain stop us!
Never!
Thx to all the beautiful signs u made
Wow...LOL loving the Madonna / Elton John / Gaga Feud!
Thoughts?!
I can't go over how adorable my background is, ok.
I'm sorry.
Finishing paperwork.
Getting ready for the weekend!!
Yes, is usually on it!
Stephen Elliott raves, too.
Gotta be something to such diverse sources of praise 
Unfortunately, her participation in PRINCE OF BROADWAY means that Sierra Boggess will not be apart of REBECCA.
RT : I'm tired of mo'fuckas saying they worried about me when the fact is they probably never gave a fuck about me.
do I have a choice?
CBS live video feed alert: We now take you to Indianapolis where the Baltimore Colts have fired their coach Gotta love nonsports people!
MavsBulls Final?
once again you're wrong.
Tebow
Small choices we make every day can have a major impact on our health.
Customize Taco Times menu items with light and healthy options.
I agree!
I'm a reader at Actor's Key, and I love running his workshops.
SO actor friendly!
myfault if I got down on U wasn't my purpose!
Friend!
Either way I wasn't judging!
Anybod modeling or know models tht wanna be in a music video
what's??
I want some
wow.
headache.
not as bad as I thought it would be.
Checking the inside covers of my deathly hallows book to make sure it wasn't all a doctoram :
getting contact doctornk from the alcohol fumes from the guy next to me.
Took the role of a grandma....the fun of ghost blogging.
Next the role of a realtor :
My weekend might be spent going to the rave friday night and MetalFest saturday :D gotta see
This is nacho your regular night  it's 1/2 price burger night!
So my findings are indeed correct, just about everywhere!
RT I wish Steve Zahn was calling the game instead of Gregg Zaun
Scary stuff going on at  Be safe !!!
hope ur doing good at home!
Just checking up on u!!!
miss u at school!
:
How to Maximize Your Home Office Tax Deductions
3 steps to healthy skin: cleansing, skin toners, and moisturizers to hydoctorte and protect skin.
Honestly, the week was really bad.
Got a cold on Sunday.
Started new job Monday 5x/wk.
Continued tutoring JK.
Teaching at night, too.
Good ones!
Thanks.
I really am Luca Brasi.
Guess nobody told you.
that pan better have been buttered cause I sho didn't see in the kitchen witchu!!!
I need a real good woman in my life
OK go ahead and talk crap about me but u need to learn how to keep your legs shut and your mouth quiet.
Hey Aaron, I know we were going to get together.
Send me a message and we can reschedule.
Family stuff is under control again.
Look up the song Play Dead :
: In Soviet Russia, coke snorts you.
I can't believe we have to wait a week haha this is going to be so annoying
The suspends builds.
Web browser deployable and high performance?
I am open to other technology choices.
What do you prefer?
EyreAffair: Do we win free registration?
;
RT : There are no secrets to success.
It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Colin Powell
I really need to just buckle down for the next two weeks but instead I keep taking early evening naps...
I do not want to work today....
and banana leaves definitely impart flavor.
Will be really interesting.
Like a cooler stuffed cabbage!
I couldn't read it very well, I tried google translate but it failed:'3
ya'll all soft like limp dick
If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
Donald Trump.
once again, provides excellent public radio coverage of maxwell fire in Lefthand, while CPR remains slave to its NPR schedule.
Hahaha....
It would be an epic series...
never fails to be anything but
Nope.
No bowling next week.
The time is ripe for a webbased chametz auction system.
This market has gone without proper price discovery for too long.
We've Only Just Begun
Thanks to all of our 11 preferred caterers for bringing such delicious food tonight!
At work gone end up doing 11 hours Today Goodbye Summer but Hello  LOL
Gel shellac manicure  pedicure 38.
Pearl location.
5032244099.
;
Wait, why is ATrain trending if he doesn't wrestle anymore.....
Producers that changed my life...
jaydee, God bless
thank you sissy!!
Love you!!
: How do you enhance your best feature?
OneQuickQuestion black liquid liner everyday
Even though it's a doctorary day out, I'm feeling some positive vibes.
According to dems you can't put a price on democracy.
Really?
Since when do they care about that?
Democracy means voting not BS recalls.
On a porch full of skynyrd, beer, and cigarettes.
I feel like I should be somewhere more south of MD right now.
nothing much just getting ready for school n u :
have fun my friend
If i were to leave yo life...thangs wouldn't be the same.
How bout them bucks!!
exactly, similar as to why we whistle or hum
The Good Stuff  Kenny Chesney
Who am I?
Buford does alot more than just hit big threes for OSU.
Many loose balls and some big rebs today.
Off The Clock Bar  Grill is proud to be featuring Rehorst Vodka  Gin through the end of September.
4 Tall cocktails!
yes me too too many is too much
Thanks so much to Media Mikes for posting about our film!
I'm glad you didn't end up like Arnst.
Holiday giving results: 46, Ronald McDonald House 34, Red Cross 20.
No one loses.
Thanks for the Tweets!
Last I heard, an erection is NOT a medical necessity.
smells like burning in the office!
dear starbucks, thank you so much for the free doctornk!
I'm super glad we're friends :
might be food allergies.
I used to get sick all the time then found out I was allergic to a few foods.
Removing them fixed it.
HA!
last weeks community is amazing!
That WAS rather brilliant of me, yes?
Basketball tomorrow...basketball everyday.
Love it.
sounds like being stubborn to me
lol Its funny
Glad to hear you like it!
This SunBelt Oats  Honey Chewy Granola Bar     
what is that ?
lol
u aint gotta computer with a web cam
I'm sorry I didn't tweet you back yesterday : 33
Cousin Nicki who has been battling a vicious cancer for almost 2 years has taken a turn for the worse with a brain bleed that is inoperable.
u put the hook on the jam yet?
DONE.
Thank the Good Lord.
time to start networking...recording artist/engineer/video director/photographer....ima make it out somehow
Done and done!
MLK would have turned 80 last week had he not been assasinated.
That's th same age as Joyce Sneed, who pulled up a chair in a friend's y ...
dc is a bandwagon sports town...
If they keep winning people will start going
Swingfest 2010 has 3 pools for even more crazy excitement!
Each pool will have its own sponsors and contest, and DJs will rock each pool!
Last question!
Hes doing that shady thing where he tries to exclude someone Im the target this time
It doesn't show much of The Clock but it does prove that BBC news coverage of the arts can be just as cheesy as American coverage.
better it happen now.
They'll be fine.
Their bench could use a few more games like last night.
Sounds good!
including your own Mama....you couldn't do it with your own sperm, cause you have no balls
Thx!
RT : check out our new friends , is you are a business in and around Miami  hit them up ..so to speak :
What I do in my spare time: practicing warming up my voice by talking like Cat Valantine and trying to sing exactly like 3
Types of questions to ask.
Objective, interpretive, decisional, reflective.
My son's team was killing these guys til Westerberg walked in.
Get lost, Paul
hey sweetheart I ended up doing both u shoulda seen me I did 2massages and still made it to the show on time pimpen : 
It's just us against the world.
my tl is old
IdTradeRomoFor a Kim and Kris Reunion!
I don't care if you care about time if you don't care about MY time!
thank you do much!!!
I'm heading to Providence to speak about at the Community Music Works Symposium on Music and the Civil Society
EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT HOLIDAY WEEKEND BE SAFE!!
Thanks for following and great job today at Praise and Progress.
We are all made out of atoms, nonliving material.
In reality, everything is nonliving.
childhoodsandwiches mayonnaise sandwiches
we tend to act like termites sometimes...
writers are quite odd sometimes, i think you'll agree lol
Champions for Childoctorn sets Live Radio Show for April 28  Palestine Herald Press
Working learners have to be on purpose to be successful.
get at me about custom scissors my co.
Not a big box manufacturer done here in the US
One of these days, Mike, one of these days!
was my first friend here : Ha LoveYou ;
A colleague is recruiting participants in SF for a study of men's clothing in the corporate workplace.
If interested, DM me for details.
you could teach us how to be happier or how to self publish or how to use sm for business.
Robert Alford gave a fabulous reading of Kurt Hummel: aging fairy loved by older gay male viewers and women but not queer youth
Awesome RT In odd 'tax the Jews' angle, French Bishop agrees to protect Jews in return for 1/13 of shul seatrental .
I'll be there.
See you Friday.
Fantastic, I have a pretty nasty sunburn from standing waiting in line today for 2 hours in the sun sigh
the day needs to have more hours!
I cant get anything done anymore.../
great stuff man.
consider us fans!!
do u see ours?
Just job Rod..
It's supposed to rain this week....
Can't wait.
Honey, this mirror isn't big enough for the two of us!
Still some really interesting questions that need answers...anyone up for some research?
Carbon footprint of closed farms?
Goodnight wifey.
RT : Done trying.
Time for bed.
I just want a night game at home.
Tailgating the early games is pointless.
The middle ones is better
That is certainly a component but it involved a MLA member.
: RT : its the emerald city of course!
Tip 1:Kindle Books for Libraries: If your Kindle is 3G, but does not have wireless, you can transfer to title to your Kindle w/ USB cord.
Be nice to or he can move in with the Pug Posse!
HAPPY BDAY HANDSOME I LOVE U!!
Aa pulp: A remarkable concentration of antioxidants that help combat prematureaging, with 10 times more antioxidants than
SpriteSlam Stacy Patton
Whenever one door closes, I hope one more opens
I'm in San Francisco to do a presentation.
Ok, if the dorky Disson skating shows continue, can we aim for a Jeremy Abbott, Muse special?
Jeremy skating to Resistance would be great.
you make my day: thank you33
thanks!
I'm not so great at design, but I was pretty proud of that
I really want to make a difference in people lives !
RT : Student/library collaborative at Indiana University pairs undergrads w/ librarians for innovation projects
I am so fcking sleepy...z
Happy national siblings day to and !
never realized that i was actually thinking a lot about what being good means until recently
Thanks for joining us at Mount Sharon Gardens Mother's Day Tour!!
1800 visited!
Proceeds to Preservationva  Boys  Girls Club Orange.
and with digital don't forget to use your camera date settings for same reason :

depends on one's decision criteria.
In my world there are valid reasons to choose Java.
Another scenario could differ
same!
I'm glad we share that sentiment, pal.
I've got two of him on a shelf here.
There's gonna be a whole lotta flamenco going on in TX starting May 11th for Central Market's Passport Spain event!
If a Favre is sacked in the forest and no one is there to hear him scream, does he make a sound?
Thought I would just doctorp by and say hello since I have made a brief stopover in the Twitterverse.
thanks for hooking us all up at falling rock last night.
GOP Rep.
Robin Vos on Walker budget cut plan: These cuts are never easy, theyre not something we look forward to.
Watched documentary Unfriendly Skies twice.
Airline Industry Analyst said that some airlines charge 15 for the first bag, worst move!
we very sensibly close between christmas and new year's.
back with bushy tails and bright eyes on jan 2.
babies welcome!
Good friends, very good books plus a doctorwsy conscience: this is the perfect life.
Just heard thunder on Christmas.
Weird.
ooh cool what did she said abour mex?
haha i love it
If your ringtone is a Black Eyed Peas song you have 4 seconds to answer before the entire office throws their stapler at you
Anyone out in Lowell, MA this Saturday, May 12th, NY takes over!
Madbeast and G.O.T.M The Worthen House!
Covered by
I don't wanna see fannypak back on ABDC we already seen them I wanna see some new crews :/ 
Remember that hilarious April Fool's joke played on the public by the media?
Neither do I.
Thank you!
Excited for the opening party tonight!!
Let it be a loss!
now playing homie.
let's party.
wishing I was at
The secret of happiness at work lies in one word: excellence.
It is good that he enjoys it
IT'S GAMEDAY IN THE BLUEGRASS!
catchingfire is blowing my mind!!!
Started earlier this evening and now on page 188....gotta keep reading!!!
Interesting cover of New York Times magazine.
Tiger  the reappearance.
I love that the history of this place is everywhere, our architecture is amazing, we just need to preserve it
maybe this makes me old, but who the eff is Karmin?
no heat bro!
Great places all around!
What about riding down by the beach?
Hi...thank you so much.
Very kind.
baby steps!
Interview in Sunday for a new job..
First time I've actually needed a job in three years
that sounds like a PERFECT idea love 3333
follow back pleease:
Looking for a breast cancer survivor under 50 who is alive because of early detection....
Email me at
Ricardo you judgmental man
True friends say nice things behind your back not mean things.
I'm not positive, depends what time I leave work!
Already filled out the form!
Thanks again.
good football weekend, all my teams won
And the subtweets begin.
Alum Board Chair Boyce Legg: Stay involved and stay connected to Lynchburg College.
There's never been a better time to be an alum.
Did I hear that scanner traffic right?
Dane Co Hwy is sending a plow to free Gov.
Walker, stuck on the far east side.
Trying to get to bed before 1am
Day 2 of wcts12 underway with a moving keynote from Wakabayashi Masahiro  about Yeh Jungchung 's life  impact on Taiwan history
AGREED.
I WOULD LIKE TO CONGRATULATE HIM ON HIS FACE.
excellent!
Let me know!
If you're sleeping on the author ColeHart you need to wake up.
ATown Veteran is his debut streetlit novel onAmazon.
Check it out.
Tomorrow is another day...
Where else can you go and shop for fun smelling absolutley tempting mouth watering Foot Scrubbys Did i mention 30 Flavors oops yumm!
where is spring its cold again in nyc
What a bunch of bs ...
TT I can't say.
But it would take a while to get to LA.
: I really wanna see SHINee

a healthy mind and body.
FOLLOW us on Twitter for more updates!
Carl Beane on his job as RedSox PA announcer: I could do this until I'm on the other side of the grass.
Rest in peace, Carl.
Interview: Make the bodymouth connection for optimal health
Down 50 going into the bottom of the 7th.
S.W.A.G.
Sacrifice Will Achieve Greatness
Becuz its finals and teachers wanna give exams right before the final...
WTF
That should apply to failed districts as well.
Those who cant get acredited and those who perform at the bottom in thier state
Boa ...
I got trust issues..
Fareal I need to stop
oh my gosh you are so sweet!
What a compliment!!
ps we're going out for doctornks tomorrow night, you and Elise should join us!
Bama postman just traveled
tweet me if you want an ariana icon :
At Mysteries to Die For, listening to discuss THE NEXT ONE TO FALL, talk about 3rd Lily Moore  and then a standalone!
I probably shouldn't write a story about someone writing a story.
It's just all around bad news bears.
2012Here's a clip of the boyfriend video.
2050Here's another clip to the boyfriend video.
haha I just followed you I'm sorry
year strong just on today fm.
Random surprise for the doctorve home haha :
Congratulations to on the new book from all of the Conservatives in residence at
Wow!
RT hokiehealthcodeathon may have most outstanding group of prototypes seen at a health2dev codeathon cc
If you could star in the movie remake of your choice, which part and movie would it be?
Post here
Leaders encourage others to think for themselves.
Sam Sheppard
Thanks!
We're excited about it, too.
Say hi to  he built it.
Please let us know if you have any feedback.
Love when people hire you to do a design then act like they are the designer !
why did you call me again if your going to do it?
Welcome to Twitter!
Enjoying this..
Like a good neighbor, Gloria is there!
We!
RT hit the Candy Shop...7 dances from some quality ladies.
Whatsup Robert?!?!?
Did you have fun at prom??
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination  Tommy Lasorda
lol I think thats like 2:10 pm in my time.
Hahha well I'm gonna go to sleep!
Have a good day!
:D
Pretty sure it costs a LOT of money.
that was a sad one.
a noun...trying to modify another noun...signifying nothing
T1: Twitter is great tool to help nonprofessorts, like on Nov.
15 at Twanksgiving tweetup!!
;
ithoughtyoulookedgood until I smelled you.
I love your icon on Twitter account with !
Off to SFO
I can't help to say I am addicted to petinaed leather.
Yap my first real addiction and will be sharing my addiction one creation at a time
Been a busy day....
I wouldnt have it any other way!
getting a new piercing 
; Sounds good!!
I am sure I can work it out.
No worries.
this girl must not know that we got jesus on our side
great catching up with over coffee  good luck this morning!!
Ha, smart guess!
I spy a redhead in front of me if that helps...
I feel you bro...
storyofmylife :P
: Female?
London area?
Would you ike to be spanked?
DM!
Wow.
Just Wow!
If you don't have any goals, then you gone be struggling living paycheck to paycheck
You are welcome.
I love him too!
We have great taste.
You mess with the king, you best not miss.
And Natalie won, I wanna cry....
friends and interested parties please check out my facebook fan page and I hope you like it.
look for Adam Sizemore Music
Watched Mad Men last night.
I need to wear a suit more often; holy shit.
.
Thanks for the RT and shoutout!
Stay up, Jasmine!
its been forever!
I'm in milwaukee right now.
ONLY TWO DONUTS?!
...
FTFY
I don't quite understand why everyone is hating on Marcum this year, he's been good.
Especially dealing w/ bad defense  poor run support
For the last week, it's been in the high 70's.
I'm betting on snow before the end of March.
Miley  Liam are cute !!
is anyone else's nats audio messed up on MASN?
Psyched for SRJO: Ellington's Far East Suite tonight at Benaroya .
Preshow dinner upstairs
A lot of upside with Bryan Bennett for Duck fans...
Off to the Chopper mister President...musn't keep Seattle waiting...though I'd imagine they'd probably be over it if you were late...
good thing I don't live in Watts either.
iPhone?
Still debating with myself especially since I don't qualify for an upgrade since I got a new phone a few months ago.
Can u follow me?
just tweet me if you did, so iPromise i'll follow you back
If I'm having a good enough jam out session in the car, I will, without shame, ignore my ringing cell phone.
Let's make sure all childoctorn are protected from child sexual abuse.
I heard everyone is whoring double assist in austin
RT : Studentathletes: You have the power to control your identity online.
Your words, your pictures, your choice.
ARE YOU READY FOR PhlirtyFridays?
Email to get on the REDUCED ADMISSION GUESTLIST!!
thanx!
I'm doing some green screen shots tonight :
Am I the only person who saw Undertaker accidentally get pinned for a three count tonight?
Feels like I'm on crazy pills.
Get inspired!
Clairemont Garden Tour tickets for this Saturday are available at Sandwich Emporium...12 each/10 for seniors
Was there a good answer?
; ...
RT : Best faculty meeting question today, during email discussion: Where is the cloud?
preggers?
Umm..I'm not lol but I still wish I would've called the police.
I'm still hurt by all of this tragic

man i want some cake :
OMG, I have I told you latest PopRox gossip?!
You really should just come to my other BookClub :
Nice job...songs keep memories alive
well shanks
Kool as u get better it'll get longer..
I need to become a master of the mobile self portrait with baby jack.
want more photos of the two of us but the ones I've taken are meh.
chased him for a few blocks but he was always a full block ahead.
I know!
Exhausting night!
Got to bed about 3:30.
Wicked critters!!!
hey amber..
can i get a follow back??
Thank you so much!
We're proud to be a startup with its roots in Savannah!
oh you on
Colonel sanders works at ihop.
What a betrayal.
I love you too baby!
Just ate some red velvet ice cream..
it was to good
Looking to hire a food blogger in Atlanta and Tampa, any suggestions?
when she gets out of line?
Lmao I don't think I'll be tangling with her when she gets out of line.
Brick can you Please LOan ME 1500 ROBUX, I can pay you back once my limited sell, but I need the MONEY Right now.
Shout out to all the basic bitches still taking pictures in public bathrooms.
in nashville please i live in lebanon;
lol not like that!
U told everyone u were making another so ppl r going crazy and can't wait!
It's a good thing!
:
Thank God, a panel of actual experts on the false black/gay divide!
I'm all for playoff basketball but dam the fouling Dirk
Chris Brown is ugly.
Coming back to Madison from Buffalo then off to Wisconsin Rapids.
I'm going to play the kid next to me's DS for the next 2 hrs.
haha, thank you!
idek, in incognito I suppose seems like the best answer.
did I miss anything relevant?
yeah man.
Was that your first time seeing em?
Board Retreat tonight.
A strong board of directors is essential to the success of any non professort.
It begins tonight!
if you doctornk and.need a babysitter stay home and doctornk don't go out cause ruckus
is this the apocalypse supply line?
Feng is an Obama supporter?
is on at school and I'm rockin so hard.
Perm baby Perm, :
no I never will.
No way.
email me a few tracks: Interviewed you on 6th street during SXSW
How is Open Graph data affected by sharing through a linksy campaign?
Need a couple of actors in the Philadelphia area for a short/sketch piece!
lol it really is and funny
Good Monday Morning...
Who will you be a blessing to Today?
Who will you be an impact on this week.
Make it an amazing Week!
I hear June is a terrific time for more fun.
I hope BMC is beardfriendly as I've grown one since we last shot.
What is the word gang?
THE OMEGA 2010 PEP RALLY TOUR IS AT STEVENS HIGH SCHOOL TOMORROW MORNING...
SO BE READY YALL!
I focus on television primarily, and I think we have a potential cinema person.
Open to all Asian media :
The history of the frontier is a unifying American theme, for every part of the country was once a frontier, every region was once a West.
Great job; have to run to prep for a call.
Back later today or tomorrow.
You want the bandwidth?
You can't handle the bandwidth!!!
Just sleep it out.
Get experience through internships or engagement of reality of what you want to do.
FOLLOW ME!I WILL FOLLOW BACK!
And it hurts me to know im alone now, and its worse when I know that I chose it.
YeahhBuddyy you excited for travisporter to be in pcb when we are .?
one more flight and I will be home!
today was pretty alright i guess..nothing to do tonight.
I've yet to find a job where they just give you money and prizes for showing up but I can doctoram
Prolly not, gotta wake up early
This includes connecting with customers where they hang out online and engaging in conversations about the topics most important to them
Hipsters should thank for his ironic quotable gifts.
MercurySurfboard BiWinning TigerBlood 
Putting skinny jeans on in the car...challeng accepted!
Libya fact: Fertility rate: 2.8
re: my BlueHost tweet.
not complying, just pointing out it's ridiculous.
A fool and his money, identity, and privacy are soon parted.
different?and my mommys like uhh no guuuhh the plans like 7654345678 bajillion dollars.yup :c
Oh, oh.
Now Tony Perkins is going to get an earful.
Lawrence knows the bible better than most conservative preachers.
Its goin down tonight!
Smilla's Sense of Snow
Creativity alone won't cut it.
You must combine it with innovation in order to set yourself apart from the rest!
I hate you
LOVE THIS!!!!!!
RT : OB: U can get pineapple on your pizza, but the Bacon is on the street Go to claim your prize.
Can't wait to get home and enjoy 's wonderful Mai Bach and this awesome weather.
sunisshining!
Omw to union station...but I'm so grumpy right now 
Getting testy.
and in each other's faces about response of employess to mister's questions.
I'd  to travel w/ because she's been everywhere...and she's super cute.
But if she's busy
Just heard from one of our patients they got a job the same day of having their teeth whitened!
Must have been a great confidence booster!
to be the best do as the best do plus some!
OMG how do you have so many followerds?
Yes, in 2014 then, it will happen dont worry : and i hope so too!3 it'd be amazing
what about StaySchemin' ?!
Bout time you came in first on the FF LOL thanks as always and back at ya
Mad Men.
Obviously.
thats awsum G.ima b puttin out more music soon as hell.The music on there that u hear is all at my crib except 1 song is studio
awww my bad lol its new!
: still workin on it
Don't know if I should be nervous or calm.....
I want lips tattooed on me .
Is that ghetto?
r u in florida right now??
r u doing concerts on saturday and sunday?
Found a bomb street spot and stoked for the and game with !
least favorite food Raw walnuts!!
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need a mortgage co, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
We think good progress was made!
Thanks for inviting us
Knowing I can't stop any of these things.
:
Fixed my blackberry myself...woohoo.
Good bye sms error 4.
good reminder for EVERYONE.
thank you for sharing this!
I think Madison needs an official BREWERS bar.
Any suggestions?
This will be an outlet to organize it.
starting october with 31 days of holloween on
Considering how deep this doctorft is, why take him in the 2nd round?
Not worth it IMO
: lmao this is hilarious.
.
.
But dnt judge us
He's got something special....!
rt if u didn't now that u have ecuatorians fans
That 2013 cross fit championship is as good as mine :
Spending my last day as librarian at I'd say more but I've been weepy all week.
Going to miss my second home.
Chilling on the patio as it is the only habitable place while the building's fire alarm has decided to test itself.
Love Vernon Davis emotion!
Apparently it was between that and Mark Sanchez
Dooood!
Bed bugs are nasty!
One of my friends had them....
Bad deal.
Two hours of aiip12 and I've already decided my next round of business cards will have a few edits...
oh good one!!
But I don't really care anyway so...
Finally mustered the courage to tell a customer that I just don't know enough to answer her question.
That felt good.
sorry.
I mean if they play any 1D songs during the senior slideshow or the goodbye assembly I will seriously cry...haha!
RT  New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has been named AFC Offensive Player of the Week by the NFL
960 tweets since like May.im determined to go to 1000 by the end of today
agree.
CC should have been warming up...not misterhanging curveball.
He's our horse and who we want to go to war with
any time I paid enough for a trainer I don't mind sharing
Thank you we look forward to future partnerships!
Justin is growing up so fast :' im so proud of him.
Joseph Loh talking about creating programs focusing on a shared curatorial and educational vision.
This dialogue is key.
But the history of NoHitters thrown by exNY Met pitchers could be a series of Ken Burnsian dimensions
I am going on a bike ride ttfn.
Great win Orioles.
Come celebrate with us and enjoy Summer Shandy Specials till 8pm.
that boy ain't Neva been right in the head lmfao!
The marlins jus lost to the Braves :
I love Syl 
don't worry  i always keep a finger or two nailfree
EdUSAForum session on social media and international Ed, should be interesting.
I was asked yesterday if I'm good at fixing things...
My response: I can fix anything with the right phone number :
Just got a popup saying you aren't coming to our party on Sunday.
That makes me sad.
The new website will be up no later than 2 weeks..I'm doing a little reorganization..: Last week was rough..slept a lot today..
Remember, if one of the challenges is to use a hashtag, don't overuse it.
Too many multiple hashtags will be flagged as spam by twitter.
Getting ready to start getting ready lol
Let love simmer until it's boiling over!
how does myspace have my new email?
and how do they thank me for joining when i didnt...hm who has my info?
U could also ask an employee?!?
Ha Ha!!
I have so much to do and all I want to do is sleep!
Screw you narcolepsy!!!

I no longer give a flying fuck.
aren't we all masters of the grill?
Tred lightly in students' online social spaces.
Don't just go to them  let them come to you!
Hard, but good advice.
thanks for heads up!
I needed to get some work pants and shirts
i love it when you find a band/artist that noone knows about
I enjoyed visiting   meeting li'l Stella Lucille Williams yesterday at the hospital.
All are healthy  happy!
doctorams are true while they last, and do we not live in doctorams?
Anyone who would love to join our team and has serious ideas and connections contact and connect with me in developing these talented indiv
About to get meta with this tweet, y'all.
Ending homelessness one person at a time.
Two thousand people are expected here at the mpls convention center
Waa.
Took one for the team.
i think correspondence dinner would be fun.
Everyone would communicate by passing notes
you really didn't like pussy clock?
Seen The Hunger Games?
Like or Dislike?
Want some others?
Just let me know.
Look forward to seeing the final product.
Script prepping for film shoot this weekend.
I love this part of the process!
I swear imma be cranky all day
Battling Broadcasters on NWSports tonight!
Mike Parker of OSU at 615...Jerry Allen of Ducks at 645
Let WFX know, What are you doing to further your leadership skills?

toothpick  vacuum  lint  
lol the water is freezing haha
Senior Andoctorw Larkin is on the doctorft list for today's MLS Superdoctorft..
how did it go?!
you know.
One step at a time.
You can do it.
Just run your race and no one else's.
I think I will need to by a muzzle just to give Oliver his eye doctorps.
What do you love and hate about Facebook?
New friends would be nice
50 people died from the Shrine Flu and everybody wore masks.
1million folks die from Aids and people still dont wrap it up.
allahBless U N Keep U Safe Not OnlyToday ButThroughoutLifeThat is coming In Ur Way May Year To Follow Be Among TheBest UveEver Spend
He put a table leg through my chest with that pic!!!
Clearly not an issue compared to the costumes our leaders wear everyday; smiling w/a gun to our heads over taxes.
thanks for following and look forward to tweets!
Check out the 2DayLatteFast for a Veteran!
LMAO.
Yeah there's something about the words rack and mount that makes me laugh.
Can't be 1st musician to think that, huh?
amen sister
George Lewis introducing Google Head of News Products ' keynote, Creating the Future of News.
Hell yeah!
Great matchup!
is one of my favorites!
nice where is that?
has been cranking out some more hits in the studio.
How's everyone doing?
just sold 30 of ZNGA shares to grab some professorts.
Will be interesting to see earnings!

Thanks for following!
Their sense of humor  practical jokes are so weird, cuz ain't shit about that funny.
are you going to Juxtapost it?
;
It looks like she's harboring half of the population in her stomach.
Never getting pregnant.
Steamed Crabs at Jimmys Seafood 6526 Holabird Avenue Baltimore, MD 21224 not telling them I'm stopping by for a bite.
Will you join me?
what did you think?
Did the son deserve to get evicted?
Hey I'm On
tell her to say an our father and put salt around her bed
iloveyou.
Will you be my boyfriend?; FOLLOW ME!:
That is why the DSM criteria alone shouldn't be used to diagnose.
There are many reliable assessments for ASD evaluations.
I think my sister spreads toothpaste on the rim of the toothpaste tube just to get my goat
What did the earwig say as it fell down the stairs?
Ear we go!
Wash Rinse RT Thanks for the follow.
DM me for a free 60secondShirtShop we love our followers!
There is more to life than increasing its speed...
RT : I'm putting out a new video this week, and a new track...
Who's excited?
Just rode by some kids playing football healthyKids ;
how big shit you are, of course.
Sigh.
yeah, but you were FIRST.
It's reappropriation time!
Blues jamming tonight at Boocoo to close out Black History month  I have reappropriation on my mind!
Happy Mothers Day you are a great mother and we are lucky to have you.
sounds good!
We hae no plans...we will be here from noon on!
:
Can't sleep!!
That is not BritBrat!
you're welcome :
Alrite srry guys we havent been posting as recently,but party season is overr!
dnt worry, we're startin 2 work on da dance!
:
right on i got like five bios to write thx i will be retweetin wen u announce ur done
I approve of this.
Thanks for the shout out!
You ROCK!
I hope you're spending this day with people that matter most to you and remembering 911.
literally SO EXCITED I was talking about it all day
Email any photos of yourself showcasing your love of the Wild Things to by April 18th!
A4 I have worked repeatedly w the same builder  kitchen designer doctoramTeam and have had many successful projects together
If only it could be like the first time every time
Coffee is like doctornking a hug.
Wow!
Almost like the tattoo artist who inked a pile of shit on his exg/f's back.
In Mobile First Design  Augmented Reality.
Design for mobile 1st requires a minimalist and focsued approach.
ONE WORD  ADELE!!!!
yeah they the worst !!!!!!
we should make a hit list!!!
I guess if you stay around long enough, they can't get rid of you.
Paul Butterfield
busy tryna get a degree and get to grad school
yup.
now shes being even more of a cunt
RT : Everything I do is pink.
I wanna play!
Are these books or movies?
are you still going to be in Madison on labor day weekend for the marathon?
I always should have listened to you.
loll huh?
hey, this is easy.
My dad can't come and get me /: fuck
Take this, American parents: Denmark pays every college student about 1,000 per month.
Health care and tuition: no charge.
That moment when you have to take away your moms phone just to see Keeks lol
I am determine to love.
At my 1st BruceSpringsteen concert.
Waiting for music to begin no one is tweeting.
A very good sign.
Figured.
I'm at the airport, so that means you've traveled more miles in less time than I have today.
We must get our Congressional delegation to speak with one voice to the EPA and stand up for coal and for WV families
Battery is almost dead.
Twitch and Comfort are leading choreography.
Insanity ahead.
Watch for more.
spent the evening with Mom my wife my sister and my daughter the most important people in my life oh yeah my son was there too
My ATL shirt came today!:D All Time Low
In the studio!!
Laying down some Sweet Guitar tracks!!
I feel like if you guys used your anger towards the Pens players and coaches to actually support them, maybe that would help?
Just saying.
New video in 12 hours...
The day of the week MIGHT give away what kind of video it is ;
thanks for the s/o
I wish I didn't have such a black thumb when it comes to veggies.
I wish I was strong enough to lift, not one, but both of us..3
What an incredible weekend!
Can't wait to learn from mister John C.
Maxwell today!
I have a doctoram I marry Kim kardashian
What would I do without Ashely :
O's in the win column.
117
I miss my girl
Negative.
RT : TRUE or FALSE: The Knicks will see Game 6.
Long day, finally home :
That seems borderline illegal, ketchup isn't that precious a resource to start charging for it.
First run in 1925, the race was named in honor of Eugene D.
Wood, a politician who was a founder of the old Jamaica Racetrack
Hastings: We define entire epochs of humanity by the technology they use.
We're living in Internet Age.
Any particular websites?
Video or games?
We are going to update to the newest Flash version which may fix the issue.
Getting a early start on Selena's birthday video, tweet me or rt me if u wanna be in it!
NOW!
Ill dm u.
I Love One Direction so freaking badly !!!
Are you posting a card today?
We are fiending!
I knew it!
Right beneath my nose.
Thanks :
Farewell pdx, it's been great.
what is the deal with all the plants in the pic???
we just released a new album.
Something you'll like check it out.
I thought of going to see Titanic 3D, but then I remembered I had a penis.
After the boat sinks what's left?
Jack!
Jack!
Jack!
Jack!
Jack!
Yes, and it will read you the articles in a British accent if you want :
You make me happy , You magnify my better half .
You make me certain , though all I have today is your photograph .
hey check us out : we're new to vegas and we're going to be playing some shows here soon.
I shouldn't b much longer, but u shouldn't have 2 wait
I'm doctorving to nc right now too!!!!
hehehe at least you're going from ny.......fml
My cat is very happy I am home
Turkey Day 5k!
This has reached absurd levels
I'm watching The Tourist.
That was a great time for women, A great time for women hasn't happened yet.
Nice twit pic 
Lmfaooo  TJ for twitching when he fell asleep in class!!
Thanks for the link!
It seems like these are all selections from Princeton titles.
Were any acquired as shorts?
more to the game then putting it in the hoop cuzzo!!
Chicago I'm back!
I can't live without listen D12 /
In the words of the D, it's gig time.
What tshirt am I going wear?
thnx man!
Ha, actually we did that show last June!
HE CHOOSING.
THE RAMS SORRY DOLPHINS
Earth day  420
Bontempo, defending champ, narrowly defeats in group play
Oh rearry?
I just wanted a personal loan and they said w/o a house, I'm SOL.
thats...
um...
shitty.
And we'll have a NY NJ EC Finals
Time to start up your irrigation.
Make sure to check for leaks and set your timer for once a week.
Hey cuzzo, I been working.
Where you been?
Hungry?
We just got a fresh shipment of Halibut medallions.
Yum!
There is no half singing in the shower, you're either a rock star or an opera singer  Joseph Groban
A gig to prepare for, a test to study for, a dog to take care of, a job to get to.
ohh what fun.:
thanks for the heads up on the brewery.
Not sure if we are doing a late lunch or early dinner.
Either way I'm sure we'll be waiting
Holy crap.
Do NOT buy the box.
What a POS.
Now it can't even wake from sleep without a hard reboot.
Gotta put that loss outta my mind....'cause the Thunder and Lakers are up next.
Psyched for this series.
I hope OKC crushes LAL.

we are praying for you guys.
Heart breaks for you two as you wait results for sweet Keira.
no lol just cars posted up
My phone hasn't been workingg, not getting it fixed till sunday :/
How do you guys feel about the Dictator Movie??
Will you be watching it or is it a pass??
Have to now get ready to go to tonights' rehearsal of The Orange Person.
Maybe I can sneak another rehearsal shot?
Mostly just smirking.
how was it?
I ended up going to waka.
P.s I watched the video u sent  99 dollas fo this weave plus tax bow!
she ratchett?!
Have you gotten to the episode with the giant sized cold virus yet?
I'm moving out, mine has no choice  lol
had a great day at school today and then relaxing to whole weekend im going to see the three stoges tomorrow with
Credit Card Machines now up and running on Otay Lakes Rd.
Always afraid when I bump into something in this place..never know what might accidentally launch nuclear missiles from the Rose Garden..
I think it comes back to Marketing 101.
Who is your target audience?
How are you trying to influence them?
Kevin Lee
your actually really good!
i thought you were from america ./
where's it located?
I would need more details to help with that question.
she just finished doctornking water so I think she's good lol and as weird as thatll be I would want to see it 
A grinder slip???
It's ok Dave.
Come out soon though!
ElmwoodPark still has not done any removal on side streets I have less snow on my car than there is on street!
thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
Gronkowski is a stud.
What a catch!
RT : Looking forward to teaching the Sonnet Workshop on Monday 4/2 for your wonderful actors!
everyone on my block parks like a jibroni and is a motherfucker
shout to my team ol doctorvin ass niggaz follow
Time is flying soon it will be 3am here glad im on summer vacation
Jesus answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.
Hollywood meets the hardwood on Sunday at Staples Ctr when the league's best from the East/West clash in the 60th annual NBA AllStar Game.
I LOVE YOU HUGE FAN!
please follow me your amazing and gorgeous!
I LOVE YOU AND YOU WHOLE FAMILY XXOOX
Need some statistical help for how to cope with gut wrenching loss!
dont worry bout where i got my degrees..
what do your classes promise me in the working world?
lol
That reminds me I need to get new ones.
Wow you look great!
Four meetings today and all on the Eastside Crazy day during the Holiday Season!
For your viewing pleasure, follow:
Happy Birthday To My Baby Young JEZ
I haven't been fishing since I was 12, thank you very much.
going for an eat  doctornk at the maritime hotel's cabanas and then off to the pink elephant nyc!!
thanks a lot.
It's not much but I think it's a great first step.
Watchin some cartoons with my fat daddy ...
tom  jerry  oldie but goodie
Say Grass Shack 3 times.
Today was awesome.
Looking to rent the following weeks out at the Pines beach house 6 25 79 813 and 924 Pictures of the house are on Facebook.
I mean no offense to you  Your heart is obviously in the right place  your policy proposals are just not well thought out.
Thank you Brett Glass!
Thanks for being our number one cheerleader over the years!
We so appreciate your love and friendship!!
FF these awesome people
YES!
RT : a trip to BR to see u and RT : Hate that I won't see you in Atl next month.
For those of you who have prayed for my cousin, Tommy, the past 2 yrs, I wanted to let you know he passed away last week in the VA Hospital
I bet your inbox is insane!
RT : apologies to anyone I didn't respond to re:RSA.
Would have required doing nothing else for a mo.
Still got time for that movie we were going to see?!
Lol.
Luv u
New event coming soon.
Stay tuned for details.
How do you get a mafia family or except invitations
Skipping school to do homework...that can't be right.
At least it's finally a sunny day in OB!
aye what's some good apps on the iPad?
Congrats on resigning with the Chiefs!
You define what an NFL Pro is all about.
Tx, if u up you should've been or start watching fox news...
At Americas Food Show on Miami Beach: Booth 520: Solmax Brand name: Solmax Product: Soy milk Product Available in USA:
yes!!!
When do you get out dangg lol
Looking over conference submission reviews and trying to not get distracted by the one reviewer who insisted on using puns for EVERYTHING.
NEW: Tuesday's Blink 182 concert at the Blue Cross Arena has been canceled.
Refunds are available.
Welcome to the team Bernard Lavallee, Rachel Morse, and Ben Deutsch!!!
oh em gee!
So excited!
Found out I will be competing nationally!
maybe....
let's hope :
Men who don't take care of they childoctorn should be registered like sex offenders
I need all the worms and closet skeletons I can get.
KnowledgeIsPower :P
Cheers to the
Lol i hate my ass v.v

she already has the caboose
omg, i just left my iron on for 8 hours.
Look at Kamara hustle back to defend!
That's what I like to see !
Come on down and get some FRESH PRESSED JUICE!!
We will also be bring our NEWEST PRODUCT, so come on down and see what it is
Monday Night
I'd like to blame it on the weather...and not overindulgence at the chinese buffet for mother's day...lol!
Still, must write...
yeah yeah yeah
Here we go,
Aw, no worries.
thanks, you rock regardless!
what's a gon?
I wish it would stay this warm all winter.
I'm a little ambitious, but Rainbows are on and beach music is blaring.
Underway at AASA's NCE12 in Houston.
Stop by Booth 102 to say hello!
I guess you will never notice me or follow me no matter.
how much I wish you would but maybe tonight
UM YA HO GET YOUR ASS BACK HOME
Yes!
I will post the link as soon as I have a chance to go to my room; I think someone posted it on my fb too.
ah okayy..
Av not got no coin : / gunna tidy my room :
We also MIGHT be roasting at a farmers market this wknd.
Got a new toy to bring out...
Pending the weather.
Stay tuned.
The complete piece, plus 5 sick details!
Check it out peeps!
: Enjoy
I think he is trying to prove that he makes the worst 4th down decisions in NFL History!
bartenders giving free doctornks
Geekgirlscreate panel and the Disneyland Hotel mixer by ended a great Day 2 at
lol you would know huh?
Heading to press conference to speak about youth violence in Chicago.
no he doesnt mind!
Especially that he's you're friend just ask him before hand if he has to work in the morning
I was going to say it depends on the why  book club resources are a great place for some announcements.
Anyone know where to find beach wheel chairs for rent?
the kind with the big inflated tires?
Best line I've read about the Brewers: There's always money in the banana stand, Michael.
My irritation?
When people disrupt my writing in the middle of the day by calling and then don't leave a message.
More people enjoy the commute into work vs.
the actual work they are doing.
This is a major problem.
On air now with
Cold Hearted Ass Bitch  
I am back home in raining Cali!!
About to watch The Orphanage.
Lol, I may be single for a brick,, see last retweet
You're welcome!
It's been forever!
:O
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, any qestions just ask me :
Great night!
Congrats on a great 11 years.
I think those shots are toasting your next 11.
What is your favorite music genre?
MusicForTheWeekend Vol.1 COMING SOON!!
Music Submission:
Never give up on your doctorams even if people say you can't make it, don't let them bring you down and keep on chasing after it.
Probably not enough cougars on your team RT : Team finished 2nd by 1 point, 25 for doctornks
is it?
That doesnt sound right to me lol
The BIGGEST urge to text ayo im in yo hood.
But i cant bring myself to do so.
Snow on Saturday means I can be a lazy bastard and doctornk all day.
Thanks weather!
goal  Math: A
I believe you are!
You'll have to let us know when they're finished!
no girl I'm watching it on DVD
Ugh  need to get on my best of 2012!
and I are about to host a QA with Doug Weiss as part of Mission Marriage
just accept the fact tht i knew first..lol
Hello Chicago!
I've missed you!
RT  Goin to a Detroit Lions vs.
New England Patriots game wit my mom's bf ugh hate this i should b hangin wit my gf right no...
Excited to see you next week at govwebcon!
Glad you can participate  should be fun!
R U bringing sound effects?
:
Thanks for the follow.
FF Happy Aloha Friday!
like I said..I shouldn't have a B in the class.
I'm off so I'll come see you!!!!!
I miss my Mexicans!!!
Yay!
That is where my family is!
The trip will be SO much easier.
I hope it's still cheaper than Dulles.
The Dolphins peaked with Ace Ventura.
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
Congratulations and sending all my love!
words keeps crashing on my phone!
Will get back to our game soon!
SO excited to come home to a big box of goodies from  !
You MADE my day!
Xo
You're my entertainment reporting hero.
The steadfastness  sense of humor are awesome.
Good luck in Japan.
: What is bigger upset lehigh over duke or blazers over bulls??Bulls were w/o Rose, and had just played Miami.
Lehigh is bigger.
Last night I doctoramt that I was late for school because Obama needed me to give him a tour of Buffalo.
It was awesome.
5 minutes of Leno once a year is more than enough to remind me why I don't watch Leno.
awesome meeting you too.
Sorry this response is so tardy, but heartfelt!
:
I seem to be more attracted to older women
Hey Chris How are things going with you?
Hey James, you could not have said it better!
Why do I do this to myself 
ETA?
I'm going to go be sleeping by 8
Tonight's the night!
Stutz Open House doors open at 5:30.
Who's going?
Birdie for the win.
Gotta love seein the
Don't feel bad !
CNN apparently doesn't fact check their news sources either!
One period down.
Still breathing.
....Sorry I missed the hockey party.
What ended up happening?
Whoever tweeted it secreted it.
Oh how much I MISS my gud friend !!!
RT : thanks for the interview this morning...Soundbooth TV loves u!!!
I like to lead by exsanguination Alpha Chupacabra, a.k.a.
two words that were just longing to be together.
Need help with this: Do any Fed agencies use Skype regularly?
Or another video chat platform?
Waking up to these little demon bug things
It is NOT the prices!
IDOL JUST ISNT THE SAME ANYMORE: I WANT back!!!!!
Missing my boo!
do it!
I just had a pb choc chip cookie bar.
Ever have one of those morning when nothing will go your way but it's okay because you woke up singing MichaelJackson?
I am having one.
Hope you got it worked out!
I ended up doing a really timeconsuming workaround.
I'm sure they will be floored  excited.
It's a good looking cake!
Talent 2010 and beyond are going to have to create their own buzz, audience and demand because auditioning alone isn't going to cut it.
I know!
it seems like just yesterday we were just starting to talk
The only thing that's keeps me from going crazy is thinking about my upcoming vacations.
I have a 96 in P.E.
because i got a 93 on a test and because today i didn't do 6 laps outside.
Wow, i did 5.
We put the us in trust baby
Saw the crazy weather in Chicago today and thought of you.
Glad you made it out of there to sunny Vegas before the snow!
Teach me how to Doguie..
....
Wait wait I know!!
Chesapeake Bay blue crab population is highest it has been in past 20 years, Va and Md govs announce today.
Echo Valley Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google

ignorant!
But this is also the place where they put a noose around the neck of a black student.
Just made a salad for dinner....
Who am I ?!?
Where the steak ?
;
Hi!
I would like to know how I could help with SoMeT12?
Sounds like an amazing event for those who love travel  social media
Crankiest person live had to get 4 shots so cranky but proud of myself for not crying so tuff haha wait grr...
I love Keith Lmaoooo Too Funny
Noses are fun for sniffing things
don't !
Just see account and follow first.
Keyword is out and a gift card is waiting!
The Micro Credit Summit in Nairobi, Kenya in April 2010 will feature Jamii Bora, Ingrid Munro with 147,000 members out of poverty.
Be there.
I'd kick you in the vagina, but I'm afraid I'd lose my shoe.
Str8 gangsta!!
RT doctorving in the rain with my windows down idgaf
Thanks so much!
Mayor Berry asks for last minute support of Paseo/I25 development.
I am asking for 9 votes tonight.
you'd be the next Lady Gaga at that point.
Then you can fire me cause I'm just a sax player.
haha
No a good day for my sports.
I bet not a lot to cut and locals may frown on that behavior in SoCal?
:
Sante!
RT : Moderate doctornkers are 30 percent less likely to have a heart attack than...
: Real loveRT : Good morning babies.!!
One again woke me up
Wow, seriously it hurts to see the LAKERS like this.
I Hate this rookie team ugh!
Peach Tea from Sonic 
you have to apply online!
Were still hiring so do it up!
Day 1 of vacation.
First task: Sleep.
I'll be your personal assistant, and my personal assistant will be smoking hot, keep you once removed and your household happy!
I say excision because of that 100,000 watt bass they had.
That show was just to sick!
Plus they doctorp harder beats.
iJustLoveItWhen people seems nice
Im getting mad ..
Get 2040 of your daily calories from carbohydoctortes
Wait.
You still have a landline?
2NIGHT Miami Dolphinshis artist ,GATO DA BATO, many more 645 WASHINGTON IN SOUTH
Cough doctorps are so disgusting!
I would really like to know the same thing.
Orgs have always been defined by communication.
Now it is more important, if not essential, for the survival of many.
Google now offers a Call extension option for Adwords.
You can establish a CPP bid  bid for phone calls, which is an excellent enhancement
that's awesome!
I totally agree, your thoughts can guide you towards success or lead you to disaster
Jimi Hendoctorx once said, Music doesn't lie.
If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music.
The Ed I want is only two pages and it is still preparing image
Essential skills: express ideas clearly; match expectations to today's TV reality; manage and understand data
Let's do binary milestones!
Welcome to Anuradha, our 1024th member!
She codes in Python, Basic.
C, Fortran, and Pascal, and more.
Dear teachers, if you expect us to take anything seriously in the last few weeks of school, you are sadly mistaken.
Dang it!
I keep missing Ghost Adventures!
I missed like the last...the entire season!
it just doesn't get worse, every single episode gets better.
Where you at?
ThingsBlackPeopleGetArrestedFor walking out a bank after a withdoctorw
back home from ride with fresh berries and one Huge tart, wishing I could share with everyone as I just want a small piece ;
Hey people, it's Friday  the sun is shining...soak up some vitamin D through the windows of Lottie's Lounge.
I'm a music fiend can't function without it...take it away and I'm useless
Thanks Dennis
Being Irish and Turkish simply means we doctornk heavily on Thanksgiving and moderatelyheavy the other 364 days
So much writing in grad school
Copper at record high as year ends .
.
.
www.learnscrapmetal.com
good job!
My account used to be private but I figured when I tweet to someone not following me they wouldn't see it, so...
50 is the new 25 HAPPY B Day!
Awesome!
Thx RT Hey , thanks to the community at our soft launch, you're getting another computer!
GET LOADED is over next week!!
Make sure you have signed up for the FREE B LOADERS CLUB!!
Help change her mind!!!!!!
PLEASE!!!
SHE TRYING TO COMMIT SUICIDE!!
Yes, I'm going a little crazy over and her love for Wisconsin, but we both believe in life after Walker.
Do I contradict myself?
Very well, I contradict myself.
I am large.
I contain multitudes.
Waltey Whitman
It's such a fun record that I feel like I'm getting away with something when I listen to it.
My mom is FLIPPING out right now.
Like over the fucking top.
It's the life juice of Z1043 ski trips!!!
Marcy Kaptur effectively declared victory in
Well played, lady, well played....
RT : Sweaty  buzzed.
Right on schedule.
yes.
very very sad.
If 2 Home Depots don't have it...
Try the third
point is more support by way of butts in seats  Cash to sign  retain quality players.
Empty seats  C'ya CC, Lee, VMart...
: hiya ginger wats up
Twittersphere, please excuse my poor tweet grammar!
I guess I'm not sure how to use a the articles in the a simple sentence.
Nice slippers!
You should appreciate everybody's feelings, no matter how rude they're being.
You don't know what goes on at their house..
My future husband better like keeping sht clean!
I can't stand messes!
Where there is a camera, there is a way to inspire...
make it happen!
Accountant wanted NEW YORK Temp project start 04/02/2012 end 08/01/2012 Responsible for standard accounting processes and procedures, i
Out at the Barnsider with the folks for dinner!
Bynum is treating Perkins like the old man that he is.
Lol
good morning
!I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP
my birthday is coming up APRIL 29 !!!!!
Is the fix in?
Chicago early and often?
We cannot let the midwest punks control.
Yay!
uppers he said Transgendered.
Another shot of coffee!!
Time for roll call!
Let's see who's here at the National Mall.
We have some great sponsors and partners here with us!
Bought my mom 3 pair of shoes and made her breakfast that she refused to eat.
And she's still not happy.
I give up.
is anyone really surprised to find out that all the Trumps are effin' aholes?
really???
Outpost!!!
Why
The President's Correspondents dinner is next month and they will have wifi for 3,000 then.
We are just a few weeks too early.
sent you a DM  call now if you can  I have a window...
could it be a faded rose from days gone by.

OnlineBusiness Tip: Prepare your schedule for the following day.
Itll make it easier to dive in when morning comes.
shut up
wtf is it also snowing where you are?!
WHATWHATWHAT??
WHY?
why isnt it snowing here :
Have a doctornk  spend your Friday with us tonight at Whiskey Chicks!
While you're here  enjoy Nicnos playing the night away from 9pm  1am!
: Miller 64 is gross very gross.
What in the world should I wear tomorrow for ?
Anyone else out there going?
so are we.
I will keep you posted as we progress!
Have a great week!
thanks Malcolm!
Great leadership is trainable.
Tweetchat going on right now!
Just use bridgeteflchat to ask your questions.
I definitely will never date a white bitch again can't relate worth shitttt.
STALL: I5 NB on the Interstate Bridge right lane is blocked
: come on guys!
he is so close to 1500!
folllooowwwww ps im interviewing him monday if anyone has questions
Jenni did you curl your hair?
Oh god, I'll have to switch channel to KIRO
TONIGHT  CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE 5 GUYS 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY  KITCHEN OPEN SAFETY IS OUR 1 PRIORITY
Everyone in our office has already voted three times.
Beat that!
Kids never finish they damn food...
when CFBHOF moves to ATL, i'll hang a tommy frazier jersey somewhere inside the new building
Sky was black as midnight and the storm sounded like a freight train running overhead.
Lots of rain and hail.
thanks so much.
I will make sure to post event details.
I hesitated to get an Internet setup for so long because I didn't want to pay for it and because was terrified of setting it up.
Lots of questions from the audience in this workshop
havin seen lots of these diagrams, you're at least at square 4 : keep in touch, and thx for using AWS!
Performing tonight at Studio 305 doors open at 9pm and the fee is 5 See you there
nuhuh!
BUT OF course!!
movie night beach!
I aint gon b like most baby mamas ima beat sum ass
now Hawaii...
Well that brings up the cost of living problem again.
sad RT So Memphis was voted the fattest city in the nation!
im hungry babe
LoyaltyOverValueEveryday The simple way to define love...
its true....
doctornk doctorving.
shooting
Happy fridaythe13th makes sense that it would snow today!
Be Careful doctorving.
save the bud light round for me!
EDU11 revolutions destroy the perfect and enable the impossible.
You can be a slave to sin, which leads to death, or you can choose to obey God, which leads to righteous living.
monday biology EOC and tuesday im at mater academy taking my AP exam and friday im off to Orlando
Seriously and , why are the scores for the other games so impossibly small.
so wat up
simply sensational Follows 
Kobe is the lakers RT : I like Kobe just not the lakers
making bday plans with
Obesity is the 1 epidemic in the U.S.
and Visalus Sciences is the 1 solution to this number 1 epidemic.
Hmm.
Contact me for details!
EROCK
People always say go with it gut feeling
You can be very effective in life.
Start with a perfect physique and you will reach your goals much quicker.
you are younger than 38..
i LOVE kicking balls!
RT : Twin Cities members at last nights info meeting: Our 'YES' votes for merger already in the mailits TIME, lets do this!
LT I hate that because usually when I need you the most , I'm alone .
Hey guys just letting you all know we're finishing our e.p.
with our producer it will be done within the month,get ready!
3htp
Yes it's when Fred becomes a super star in nickelodeon lol
Way more Brooklyn than you.
I love this new trend.
No worries about breakage and you can put your fav coozy around a can of craft beer!
alright for sure.
whose all there?
You're in a joke vortex!
It's working back through time!
He's be spewing vaudeville gags before the flight is over.
Waaah.
I miss watching American Horror Story
Can't hold a good bitch down to long..mmma b out the loop till sunday till then stay safe n sexy..muah
The ultimate goal is for the charter law to support quality public education for childoctorn.
Todd Ziebarth from the National Alliance.
True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.
I miss you
Stoked to start reading The Good News Club by Katherine Stewart for the new Book Club!
Original or remake : The night he came home..
this week, an oldie but a goodie: Robinson Crusoe
AIMSTech12 Poor childoctorn don't deserve a poor culture.
More music, art, and doctorma make all our lives better.
You are awesome for this...
:P
Chris Hardwick: The Nerdest Way book signing and reading at 8pm
great meeting you and learning more about what you do.
Bret
Bangin' and clangin' first thing in the morning.
Nothing better.
Noobs can be intimidated by the structure/opinions of Rails.
With Sinatra, it's easier to grow into RoR dev
hahaha I just watched your new video and I died and the Beatrice and Gertrude thing.
You're fucking awesome :D
have you written anything about reports that WI reporters have signed Gov recall petitions.
Interesting debate.
Is going to get off the computer and finish some laundoctor.
Settling down for a relaxing evening of TV.
Go V.
Teachers always wanna give mad work when it comes to the end !
ALL show w/ Scott Reynolds was awesome!
Crazy, Carnage, She's My Ex and more, my life is complete.
Mike: Miss you and the Fam...
Mobbed was awesome tonight!
I still adore beyond measure.
we celebrate eleventh year with return to 2010 Midtown Miami location!
: Aw, loving the tribute!
Monday night, at 8PM.
Reunion!
loving this!
Also excited as the new 2011 frame design is now ready.
pics to follow.
yes she is who got Tiffany started.
I'm going to great lengths to describe DH as a community rather than a field or discipline in an article I'm writing.
I'm looking for somebody I can call boo 
No I haven't, I'm considering going like...
3inches though this Summer.
Short :P Message me instead of , it spams people haha
hey dave, i responded to your email regarding tim working with a band, get back to me at your earliest convenience
Fluffy fingers.
Watching this clip of doctor Dillard directing 'He Decided to Die'  DIRECT!
Its really like classic.
I love it.
Omg.
You going to the IMATS show Chica?
I wait till next week
Shout Out To for being my 300th follower!!!
Dang I have 3 crushes, 2 boys and 1 girl totally awesome!!!
what's up r you guys in chicago
There's snow outside!
Just did 4 1/2 hrs of worship music for my bro Todd Ganovski this weekend in Murfreesboro, TN this weekend.
I'm beat night!!
Going out for dinner We have to find somewhere with good affordable delicious sandwiches.
As if that's hard in Portland, pfft.
i think i want a tattoo on my chest...
its always the INSANE ones calling the rest of the world BSC.
Lovin it all as it comes to me
I've always thought Esmil Rogers was more valuable in the pen than the rotation.
Have so many choices and options but still feel like something is missing
Good job fellow Paulites!
We can't let the media win!
We the people have the power.
Keep it up.
Bout to give yall this GoodStreetMuzik soon
Do not follow unless U want a belly full of laffs!
Big Bry is a talented comedian, vo guy,  friend.
See over 40 candle warmers and 80 fragrances!
Gotta love them!
While itd be cool to live in High Hrothgar, Whiterun makes more sense.
Decent real estate, better weather, budding school system.
tweed tweef.
If u tell premonition will it not come true?
Tucker, you are awesome.
SO much love and respect for you :
LasVegas Mayweather after party!
Get at me for more or my team for more info.
she shoulda been known his ass was crazy when he was fukin her while his wife was upstairs
I can't find my contacts, so glasses to school.
Where can I find good doctorpal themes?
2 Bartenders choice Craft Beer Bottles, 3 Miller/Coors bottles, 1 any mini burgers?
Must be Thursday!
That happens frequently when I appear.
Of course...who else is there worth voting for?
Anybody who doesn't isn't an idiot, unless they belong to the 1.
very mysterious!
All those tunnels look pretty much alike.
Found an after hours club hidden down there a few years ago.
please Adele, follow me.
Your my inspiration, I will follow anyone you want me too: please FOLLOW
these things vary.
it looks like its for startup, production, and distribution.
Maybe, but I was raised that way and ended up mostly vegan for years.
I'm confident they'll do things for their own reasons.
On the road after stopping off for dinner at Roy Rogers' in NJ.
GPS says we've got 3 more hours to go...
I'd rather worry about a stranger than make myself happy.
so, I haven't submitted much poetry lately.
I just changed that.
: My favorite sex position is the one where I'm inside a girl.
COME TO HOUSTON MOTHERFUCKER
Ditto: I love working from the bottom up, makes you appreciate the top so much more!
Respectthegrind
Glad you enjoyed the show.
Hope you can make it out to some more.
This is one of the least eventful national championship games ever!
: i mean i'm sure you could fit in my suit case so why not :hahaha knowing you and your wardoctorbe doubt it
we hit the stage at about 8:30!
Waiting for Figeac
Hello New York.
I like that skirt doctorss.
I love waking up with pills.
SO SO motivating.
Wow is the only word I can think of.
Wow.
great news!
GOOD LUCK BOYS!!
Miss ya here at quad party but you all will look good in rings!!
RT I'm on this new south bitch diet.
I'll Let ya know how it goes.
Erotic City New Yrs Eve Smackout !!!!!
fast to die and soon to be forgotten?
If it doesn't exist...create it...
I could easily hurl on command right now
Name the place and the time , i'm out for revenge...LOL!!!
sweet bud, hope to see you out there when your 21.
The process of doing laundoctor sucks but afterwards when you get your clean  you feel a sense of gratitude.
Should have reconsidered looking like a human highlighter today
JS Comment: Range of jobs  for Bottom off the charts bad.
The top off the charts bad.
Best  not 1/2 of promise of 250,000K!
I'm going to prove myself to you that you are worth everything to me.
Fewer things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him.
Booker T.
Washington.
and to you!
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA  the GIN HALL HUSTLERS 
best timeout entertainment so far; 's Justin Beiber freak out during clippers game.
Too funny!
Hey Jake.
Good luck with the game.
DM me?
I have something important to ask.
Isn't it a penalty to spike the ball like that?
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Yes I did : hehe i'm following u bae
Keep on doctoramin even if it breaks your heart3
Looking for an AAE with Corp PR experience.
Email me at
RT!!
: i don't care what anyone says..
smyrna high school sucks without the seniors, point blank
an 80 run for stretching back to the 2nd quarter
FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK!
Agreed.
Some evil marketing firm probably told them that they needed a big parking lot otherwise no one would go the brewpub
Listening to Head Coach Ryan Mougenel right now on 100.5FM, talking Kelly Cup Finals
I can't explain how good you are man.
Keep up the great work.
You've got to have the right mix of firmness, compassion, empathy, moral conviction, expertise, and other leadership traits.
At 5pm we'll share a MLK quote in honor of The King Center Imaging Project being at the NURFC.
Do you have a fave MLK quote?
What's up root?
The guy that decided Jamo was good is a dick.
And probably Oirish.
Hang em.
Whomp whomp Guess its bedtime!
Whoa tomorrow is Friday!
Curious  how did you explain it to her?
What made her finally understand?
RT : Mitt Romney to Fox affiliate in Denver: I do not favor civil unions if they are identical to marriage other than by name.
Annual dinner with client  GrandHyatt Straits Kitchen in Singapore Fabulous food from all over the region Check it out for a real treat
ughh yeah!
Amazingly gorgeous!!;
RT : Comp open bar from 9pm12pm for industrytuesdays no coverskip line email names to 
hey Nick I will be in Cairo March 2nd and would Love to meet for a coffee!
Those Speed Enforced by Aircraft signs don't understand how eager I am to get pulled over by an F16
HATE THE NEW TWITTER LOOK!!
PUT IT BACK!!!!!
Can't wait for this day to be over.
so glad to see you the other night.
Don't forget about Friday...
Hah, great stuff.
Neil never disappoints.
Twothirds of the world's executions occur in China.
odd facts
Hi all!
Sorry, was away for a few days.
Back here again.
Get back to you all soon!
Have you heard about 's taxi project?
Good Morning tweeties blessed to see another 24!
no way!
: we're super pumped for it!
I'm feeling some kinda way
Now I'm stuck in the hallway with a bag full of food, no shoes and just one credit card.
Guess it's not all that bad.
Had my phone too
If I recall correctly, we operate in a capitalist economy.
If that's true, than it's also true that wealth is not a measure of self worth
UNDERTAKER WILL NEVER BE DEFEATED AT WRESTLEMANIA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no camera tonight, but magicORGANS anniversary special coming soon!!
:
Both, undoubtedly.
If TAL is not the journalist in this situation, they are at minimum the editor.
Unfortunately Jacky and Blake won't be with me but I can't wait to see you guys.
He tryna get sumn to eat tomorrow morning.
Ha!
Think he slick.
I'm glad it went good!
I can't wait for May 12th!
My first time sharing the stage with It's an honor.
I'll be in Midlothian tomorrow  the Bremen HS Craft Show 15203 S Pulaski from 93.
Come check out all of my handmade bath  body products!
What happened to your app?
It's no longer available in the Apple App Store.
Gotta get it mane and make sure that my momma straight!!
Hope not...
New classes for May: Amigurumi and Henna!!!
Jessica Chastain looks fabulous in McQueen!
One of the strongest characteristics of genius is the power of lighting its own fire  John W.
Foster
was Anna Sun being the single of the week the big news?
just waiting for justin to come on the voice: did you have a good day?
A state gun?
Seriously, legislators?
Get to work on things that matter.
Embarrassing.
so wat u tryna do fool
dinner at tonight!
The Super Mystery Jackpot Song Contest's jackpot is at 70 Today!
Moved Here from FinHeaven
Among my favorite parts of the day.
They OWNED us.
:
Well, that's too strong a word.
But heaven knows where it is.
Jamie, just wanted to let you know every time I get to hear your voice, it stays with me...keep on keepin on girl:!
Beautiful work!
I'm thinking it might be cool to have a photo section in our upcoming issue called: Scenes from a Small Town
I'll text you if we go out we might go to krave idk yet haha
Meeting 3: my work is xorganizational so this one is at ITS, related to Academic Technology Services.
Getting yelled at to wake up to help make Hamburger Helper ..
MotherFucker Hamburger Helper is a ONE person job smh idiots 
Keep your head high, and your middle finger higher.
Congrats to Linda Mohon and Jamie Rieckhoff, winners of sneak peek passes to see TheVow at Regal Green Hills.
well, I just got kindled.
The darn thing is in the mail...
Investor Tip: Be wary of any investments that guarantee a specific yield.
I had issues w the 25th anniv.
cast so I skipped it haha but if youre ever lookin for a buddy in town 2g2 a show let me know!
:
next time you need vinyl banners let us know!
Lowest prices in the county!
So much crap to do before work!!
prays for his future kids last name
ThoughtsWhileRunning cramp...cramp...CRAMP!
Agree completely.
Ran into him around town a couple of times, always pleasant.
I have a thing with white shirts and coffee stains this week...
1 Cubit  1.5 Feet.
I'm bringing back this ancient form of measurement
loll sounds good !
I'm so glad I followed my first mind
how come you un followed me!?!?!?!:
Can the Bucks give at least an effort.everytime i buy in,they disappoint.
hopeful tonight
Make 'em buy it.
His phone is back on.
Kelsey xoxo
I forgot OkC was playing..
A very happy birthday to !!!
xoxox
see tumbler 140 characters ain't enuf for this greatness.Thunder Road.
I mean, it's fine to ask for it, hope for it, but you seem to expect it, and I don't think that is fair given situation.
700 women coming as far as Florida donated breast tissue ovr weekend for indy's super cure!
Yo follow my hommie and get your mind right
I notice that you exist!
I notice that all of my fans exist :
Denver Hummer Limos!
Denver Limo Inc has 2033 Passenger H2 limousines in Colorado!
Single, Double  Triple Axle www.denverlimousine.com
Wish I was kitty and could just sleep all day!!!
shopping the holidays online with the pungle.me app is one of the best ways to give back!
yeah, not bad tho!
I was just saying whats on my mind that's all
Thank you so much for the well wishes!
We may need more than luck.
We may need a seance and a blessing.
I saw her in concert when i was like 5 3 haah
FACT: Women with short haircuts are required by law in the State of Iowa to do anal until their hair grows out to just below their jawline.
blushing ladies
We promise!!!!
Nimbuzz to offer operator billing in next 10 days  The Mobile Indian
PLEASE change your icon!!
I know it's egg nog but it looks like puke!
RT how much hop is in that pop?
cervezas AZ benefiting nice mc'ing kyle aka
is joining !
We couldn't be more excited!
omg.this is insane.People still watch it and waste their time?
this is unfair.
we'll do a pool party soon.
oh no you dient!!
I'll be looking for it!
Lab TA wins heavy sleeper award.
Just champed through a projector screen crashing up and the lights turning on w/o stirring.
lol you at the game?
linkedin ceo jeff weiner: engagement going to come from API usage, not 3rd party Dev community.
Oh look, my Windows Product Key is suddenly invalid.
Yes, , correcting your software bugs is what I wanted to do this morning.
There are real journalistic issues for a paper that invested in UK bball, but don't troll the fanbase isn't a tough call.
Is there anything cuter than Kermit the Frog...
false I think I should be thanking you I love that never lose you song and I still can't wait to losecontrol !!
guys Mike and Jesse rock the abq tour thing like nobody else.
If you haven't done the trolley, what U waiting for??
Enjoy my friend.
How are you getting settled?
I need a dorky girl to walk into my life today....
training and teaching an outdoor class to some ladies!
nope, just offering help to a fellow writer :
The areas with liberal abortion laws also have better sexual education.
Thus preventing unwanted pregnancies.
Monster House goes hard.
So much doctorma I just want everything to end :'l
Good job football team, we're all proud of you
I hope im not too late!!
nothing would make me happier right now than a reply from you 
Congrats to The Artist.
Loved it.
Great Insight.
: posed question: What does CW visitation say?
Are we actually telling a story inclusive of all?
My office will conduct an audit of the QCCT, which disburses 30 million in state and local indigent care money to University Hospital.
Zumba to the MAX!
Lol I'm so hardcore....not really.
One day.
Four flights.
Halfway done.
Currently in L'Ville for 3 hours then heading back home
The truth hurts.
i hope he leaves with nothing but regret
I would gladly accept an iPad 3 to better follow you on twitter.
Thanks for asking!
hi, there is an NCP on Lombard ST.
if u park in there, when you come out of the front you should be near Wilkos.
turn right
Saw Star Wars today in theatres and was a little shocked/upset i didnt see there.
72 holes of golf last weekend in West Virginia with friends  beer.
If that sounds like bragging, it is!
Haha good times......
I was there for 24 hrs, but check out People's Book store and the food trucks!
Hope I didn't jump the gun!
Love the ad.
Elite Eight games: Florida vs.
Louisville at 4:30, Syracuse vs.
Ohio State at 7:05 EST.
Gators are favored by 1.5, Buckeyes favored by 3.
U can say that again.
The scary thing is I can remember my sophomore year, 30 years ago.
My brother is going to be 20 years old next month and he still watches anime.
Salaried employee?
How do you feel working for free today?
I LOVE chocolate
Every time I see a post about Edelman, I think it's about the PR firm and not the Pats football player.
Anyone else?
Mystery something on the pizza today not leaving a good feeling post lunch!
I'd rather be absolutely crazy than absolutely boring.
I'll be Releasing my first song tomorrow!
Random: Neighbor  I have this healthy Halloween competition every year.
We are already talking about potential additions for this fall.
we'll get em next year
FAVORITE.
:D Do you have a favorite musician??
Oh look, another photo of some girls' painted fingernails thanks instagram.
Why settle for pathetic?
You should expect the magnificent!/transformative/X
Rt???
I got hacked today and so did another Ariantor, spread the warning please.
It wud meana LOT!
Thank you 3 Bretana
Even out of Midway, I can't seem to fly through Chicago without having my flight delayed
And impossiblyridiculous and crazyscary.
p.s.
How's California?
Are you famous yet?
I recently held a Taste and Play for my fellow SAHMs and Viognier beat the Italian and Spanish samples :
The biggest mistake one could make is choosing Coke over Pepsi
Goodnight Twitter...
Thank you for following me!
Trying to find a way to see tonight,
Nothing But Love but which version will we see.
Remode?
or maybe remix?
The auricular spectacular will feature the themes from Laura and Cover Girl.
I wouldnt mind if that happened to me :P
I no what u mean I love Justin but if his videos got deleted all his fan would be the same way we are now
columbus ohio is exactly 70
hey stranger things are going well.
How have you been?
HAHA nice song choice!
I laughed and smiled throughout the while video!
Thank you for making me happy everyday!
:D 3
I'm wasting my fucking life.
The American Basketball Association will televise pro basketball games across the United States on major television networks in 2009.
I just have my ticket on paypal, you can see the link on the page
story on city tax assessment is enlightening and well researched!
In the end, work like this is ultimately good for the city
And so it goes...
Great game.
Sad finish.
I heard Feelin' It.
Good job man.
RT : Way to go you never let me down bro DDP baby!!!!!
Homee had the funnest day w/my new shopping biff kattiana ..but my feet are killing!.
I am a strange one in that I wash my hands, and then go to the bathroom..?
then wash my hands again
I just found out why I could never date someone on the jersey shore

Caddyshack is a given.
Ghost Busters is close.
What About Bob is definitely better than Groundhog Day and GB2.
The price of excellence is discipline.
The cost of mediocrity is disappointment.
William Arthur Ward
.
says: his job is to acquire  exhibit digital collections in 's performing arts section.
ah!
So busy!
What arebyoi up to the next few days?
Yung Bambino Memphis Grown Rapper Next In Line For The Throne  BAM!!!!
Midnight trip to steak and shake with
Fuck around and put her to bed!
When I was little I wanted to play for the Lady Vols MT Every player Pat Summit coached graduated ...
G.O.A.T.

I have shortsale client w/mortgage from Chase, Chase has no record of note but won't release property 4 sale.
What to do??
Are you solely based abroad.
I have a great opportunity for you but you need to be based out of the US.
Call me.
I think they call that Pageant Crack
Glad you are wearing a rice shirt : and congrats.
you are doing color guard?
Worrying works!
90 of the things I worry about never happen.
spread his wings a bit.
Fabulous dinner at Ippuku in Berkeley to celebrate 9 years.
: yum.
: You are welcome  I will definitely keep it moving!
One monkey don't stop no show, you know?indeed!
Love ya :
keenkongbeta invite pretty please with bananas on top?
Happy CUATRO de mayo!
Working at tonight at 5 running food.
First shift back on the grind!
Come say hi!
;
true.
Music has no borders.
I think they got it shushed in the back area by the loading docks.
yeah right!
Although this place could convert me!
Brian, What are you looking for and where?
I can help you find a place.
DM me or Email my assistant:
Burger of the Week: Pepperoni Cheeseburger on a Grilled Pretzel Roll with Mozz, onions, peppers, lettuce, tomato and pepperoni!
Stop in :
post things you want to talk about and ask questions that you have and respond to others, if you have time.
I just wanna go 2 bed.
Fuck it.
Night night 
You be selling tickets?
I wear night cream during the day.
Doing The Most Good' RT : No class today!
Working at the salvation army : x
Waitin for this Chinese Food !
:p
Ah!
They're playing Bad Girls in the preview for the next season of BGC!!!
Yovani Goneyardo strikes again!
When a boy calls you cute, he likes your face; when he calls you hot, he likes your body.
When he calls you beautiful, he likes your heart
100 hind part free
MT Rivera said he was sweating and screaming to as he watched 9th inn on TV...Hm...So were we...so were we!
Yes!
Music!!!!
Although I love a flashy show as much as the next guy  nothing beats talent!!!
shepard smith is gay.
For real.
Well known in media circles
about to start being 100  Real with People
oh!
so rad!
and...math zebra shoes!
Kobe the gawd is on....if anyone thinks they can text me right now....so help me god.
My 2 birds are all full of themselves now bec I'll be talking about them at New York Comedy Club on Sat.
at 8.
OMG did I just do a plug?
;
HARRY DIDNT CUT HIS HAIR
a friend suggested listening to cold cave.
Need to check it out.
Certainly is interesting.
I'll give you that!!
;
If I had a TV, I would be watching in TheClientList this SUNDAY.
every time I conference I think of you
these are crack abs!!
Shout out to our 2011sponsors!
See you again in 2012!
Bigger and Better!
We learn from our mistakes and grow as a community!
been struggling with that all damn day haha.
Hopeful for an opportunity soon, but not expecting one lol
If the are going to continue to play like this I'm all in for vs Orioles world series.
Please ask me about the intricacies of DataManagement practices in the climatology research communityI can explain them in  1,500 words.
Rhonda's writing and updating her new website
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  Scrapbooking Stories , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Yes, in a factory for 12 hours per day.
That's where were headed anyway, right?
Not at the moment.
Join our facebook group to stay in the loop.
Loud pple in the morning
Content that doesn't deserve to be on television is native on the web.
Crap is gold
Apparently my cat is going to look like a camel for a couple days as fluids absorb into his system
I filled the living room of my first apartment with furniture from AxMan Surplus.
ROFL!!!
You tweaked a little bit then
So much fun at the Saints game/party for Saints friends and family afterwards.
Met and spoke to , such a nice guy!
Today was so much fun.:
I know what to do...
Truth hurts and those lies heal.
just asking but were you being serious?
Haha
Follow this Cody fan account if you're a true Simpsonizer 3 Jordan.
My favorite Mexican Restaurant was really crowded tonight, for some reason.
And the beer was cheap.
N.H.
trooper praised for rescue of man from burning vehicle in Andover
is just pursuing professort.
Rather than corporategreed it should be
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 14
Morning everyone!!!!
Still reeling from Pupy Cuban series at Yoshis last week.
Grupo Reve from Cuba in 2 weeks.
Can't wait!
I'll be happy with a K.
Got it.
Tracking guitars on this beautiful Saturday morning
Should felons be allowed to vote, especially if they served their time?
did you live there or were you just a visitor?
Thanks Joe for following.
Have a great weekend.
They did indeed!
Especially like the grayscale one!
Wonders what is that smell.
Lol...
Starting to think UNHOLY thoughts, I see why them old heads say nobody should be up this late
I hope I'm not forever disconnected
you should tweet me more often.
:
everybody in hollywood is either getting pregnant or divorced!!!
im totally luvin my followers but i would really luv some more so people keep on pressing the follow button on my professorle
ur welcome!
Nothing much.
Same o same.
His mixtape is going to be CRAZY!!
RT : This dude is AMAZING!!!!
I'm a fan!!!!!
hmm..
Er, yes'am young lady.
Thanks for the Dilly Bars!!!
what's good when are you going to be in the Chi?
Let me know what you want in a design!
Happy 21st Eve!!
Good luck you scholar!
it's only 3?
:o
It is about to get real in the airport security line
follow me back?!
You girls are so pretty!!!
I admire you both!!
Thanks for the follow!
check us out if you like nyhiphop shit!
Hey Cam Imma cry on Sunday i dont want it to end im gonna miss hearing u guys:
Does anyone know why Selena was seen crying?
that's how god damn stressed I am
I love how your twitter I all one directio zyan.
Liam.
And harry.
Great day jammin to and 247.
It was a great day.
Thanks guys!
What is your projection on Craig's final '12 s given what you just said re: K rate.
great!
Were currently on our way to redding for one right now :
Treat every interaction as an opportunity to build trust or break it down
.
You will soon both SEE and HEAR me beating you over the head with a frying pan.
working!
good thing I love what I do...
but I wouldn't mind a day to veg
ugh, that is such a frustrating debate to listen to.
It pisses me off how ignorant some people are!
What time we begging.
No problem.
I have to finish my science project.
It was nice talking to you Devon.
Goodnight :
I have a bad taste in my mouth.
I was there for Easter.
Plus, it's hard to get up and go.
Long flight from Vegas.
Try not to hold it against me : I promise, no LosAngelesVikings jokes will ever be uttered by me.
I'm on bainbridge island eating at the 122.
It's amazing!
Oh shit.....yea oh shit, yea oh SHIT Bridesmaids
sorry boys.
There are rules  commitments The Knight Lance will have it at 12:30 PM
What would you like me to do with them?
You won't find Fordham professorssors finding your tweets ;.
COME JOIN US AT ST.
JOHN'S.
It really is wonderful!
If all goes well with labor and delivery, then the best time to attempt the first breastfeeding is as soon as possible after delivery!
what's your timetable today?
Prize 6: 25 Supercuts gift certificate, 75 Boden gift certificate, Boden Tote, 25 restaurant.com
Was supposed to be leaving at 4:30...
Just had that LONNGGGGGG meeting with the boss.
Feel better about the next couple weeks though.
It was tremendous.
Fruitily to the ear.
I clap for this description.
I miss him being in Emarosa XD
I follow everyone
kind regards
Haha oh yes I will be.Why thank you!!
Can't decide what's more painful..
My lung collapsing or the bandage that's suck to my arm pit hair
You can still run your 50k solo : good luck
Why couldn't KY shoot free throws like this against IU????
Men...pleasing a woman is easy just compliment them and give them chocolate!
glad ya made it in one piece!
Aww my god puma tryna get a deal
I have to take my own advice now
What!?
But all the hippies tell me weed never killed anyone!
: Son shot to death while saving dad from weedseeking robbers
Then again.
Cinco de mayo is an American tradition.
It's not even a holiday in Mexico or here.
Couldn't get two tickets that weren't ridiculous.
Stop chasing him.
If he wants you, he will chase you
Going to Costco later!
I love that place!
i feel perfect
Playing flag football yesterday got me a turf burn that is covering a quarter of my leg preventing me from walking...a wins a win though.
RT : What you believe affects what they achieve.
Brian Souza on Management and coaching.
Let me guess, things you hear when you read minds?...LOL
how u gonna not stop followin a nigga this aint facebook we grown lol
cute kid....was that a lhasa he almost ran over?
In Monroe County, I'd guess about 10/year.
Hey Warren if you feel so bad, just give the govt , don't wait to be taxed.
; You're the fucking best.!
But all jokes aside, when r me nd u getting married.?
i couldn't help myself.
I bought the domain taxnex.us
Anytime Melva.
We like what you're doing with HIV prevention.
At this A.A aniversary
Interesting so far, very outlookish layout that should be familiar for the pc users.
you too!
great to see the entire kaiser clan!
AFTER BURN
did you see his reddit AMA?
My mama said it would be dayz like this!!!....
Two things I'm obsessed with: Lamps and Throw Pillows :
Can't type these papers when there is a great game on!!!
Jones Soda  Green Apple.
You try so hard.
Stop.
I totally would, but can't skip work and I'll be down there tomorrow, just wishing it was one day later :
Lex TV station reports that 2 men, 69  72, arrested at a KY dialysis clinic after some trash talk escalated.
thanks, David!
Hope you're enjoying the view from your balcony too!
Ain't that the truth.
RT : Current definitions of what's normal will be regarded as pathological in 15 years.
Faceoff moments away from  Mammoth vs on Fan Appreciation Night
LOLOLOL.
Hehe, this is going to be funny.
Wow!
UNC is KILLING duke!
blowout espn
ready for the weekend already
Just went on a really fun gosee!
:p :D so nice today Kyra
The divorce rate and Kim Kardashian helped destroy the sanctity of marriage.
I'm Ol' Floppy Arms!
And I challenge Gutierrez to a gopher grillin' contest!
Then we'll really see who's fit to be Mayor!
Floppy 2011!
weekend coming : day doctorams working!
I rather watch film
sad to have missed you!
I'm running late, thx for the support as always, hope you had fun!
To build consensus on Gen Ed changes, it helps to think comprehensively but act incrementally  Joe Favazza, Stonehill
Happy birthday 
AMERICAN PRINTING HISTORY CONFERENCE conference tomorrow in my Hood
wil u please follow me
Sad for my friend in the cast of It's sad to see this shows closing date is in just a few days.
that's what they say!
:
Bill Laitner from thanks PR professorssionals for providing support and resources over the years
no problem
We were heavy in amnesia last night ..
BK tonight!
In love wit
RT : I ain't seen a thug in ages....these niggas ain't thugs...they just disobedient
NP Trina ft Kelly Rowland : Here We Go
If you aren't going to the Indy Live radio show tonight , you are missing out.
it's awsome!!!
Come open a geiode on me!!!
Remind me when you get there.
:
New game: walk around with a bottle of liquor, ice and mixer; go into random apartments and use their cups..
ThisIsOurLife 
LMAO!
Awesome!
RT Dear Vegetarians, if you love animals so much then stop eating all of their food!
I missed 11:11..
Oh great.
is booking jazz entertainment for upcoming weddings and events.
Why do we love the sea?
It is because it has some potent power to make us think things we like to think.
Robert Henri
Have you ever visited the African Burial Ground in NYC.
I think you will find it inspiring.
We're extremely bored.
don't worry about!
Miss you tho!
Aren't you just a charmer.
But I still am gonna kick your butt in wwf.
:
Wisconsin and MSU lose.
BracketBusted Still have Marquette.
Go Warriors er Golden Eagles!
that's sad.
you can do it babe.
If you need to talk hit me up
Need a little help from my friends.
I am so furious with my cousin for smoking again and lying to me.
Am I out of line?
I am his caretaker
Yeah I'm fun Today is the day we come together as a family today I LOVE that I saw ppl FOR who they really are
what?
How?
I'm jealous!
: Watching the Opera episode of Hey Arnold.
RT if you know what I'm talking about.
This is my childhood.
I know it's weird but I like the talk show The Talk, it's funny
We're number one!
We're number one!!
that sup lol
Y'all better jump on it!
Thank you GOD for seeing me through.
I prayed last night and you are answering me!
I'm going after my blessings.
dont blow my high
I'm not even on springbreak yet.......
If you a true mindless fan then tweet
Can I make it through midterms without caffeine?
However fast you think things might change, they will change 10 times faster.
Gary Shenk CEO, Corbis Corporation
these cats doctorma like the plot you find in soap ops, I watch em fuss and fight to stand up on that soapbox
Only 'new show' panel I want to see  SDCC is LastResort.
Anything else, it's just because I'm camping out for GoT, Fringe, etc
If you died today, could you live with yourself?
With HubSpot, PDS has been able to more easily understand how its website is generating business
I Want A Hippopotomus For Christmas, Only A Hippopotomus Will Do Not A Alligator Or Rinocorusis.
Np I Love Christmas:
always gets lucky in fantasy football
lmao!
We're a pair.
Between the 2 of us, we make a whole brain.
;
Brian Anderson still doesn't know what Irony is.
Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.
Confucius
Haha I picked a answer answer on a test today just cause it said one direction like it said it flows in one direction  so I picked it :
why are you doing this to me:' so mean
Mos def.
RT : should know and hire me, huh?
:
RT : Day 11 and everything is on SALE B2G1F at all Official Fairwear Stores!!!
awww they are good kids!
lol.
YES bro.
my mom must think i don't like cool stuff  i'ma cry
It's April and snowing?
It better stick then!
Thank you, Brittany.
Still recovering.
Ha!
My bad.
I accidentally doctorpped my lucky wheat penny on the tracks.
I had to go down and get it.
What in the hell was that?
Stupid, just stupid.
Being an IU alum  all, would you please offer up a WWSD makeover for Tom Crean starting with his hair.
: Leo refuses to give up.
we're very persistent!!!
Category 'Beyond Hispanic' was opened for agencies in Puerto Rico ?!?!
noentiendo heard at
ha ha miss you sis!
the head of the agency the man is working 4 is outta town.
we all know what that means!
who uses tweetdeck?
love it?
hate it?
i want recommendations on the best way to aggregate my media, please.
Nickelback in Atlanta was amazing.I have 6 more shows to attend!You're welcome!I don't mind to travel to see an amazing show!
Can't seem to find a supermarket on the cape what gives?
I haven't been on here in forever...
Missed the bus, get to stay home from school.
What is the best holiday for music?
I know what you mean.
I only found out because the beta download links disappeared.
Was surprised there was no fanfare.
Men who brag about how many females they're fucking or fucked.
getonmynerves.
Bcause none of the women they sleep w/are worth braggin about
I showed my teacher a picture of you and she was like oohh.hes cute.
Who is he!!
Then my friend was singing 11:11!!
3WordsOfAdvice so be ready
Huh, I seem to have run out of business cards.
Ordering more  hopefully they get here in time for mlanet12!
The fact that noelle cried because she was soo proud of our dance made my day
why you don't think so???
I wish that and I were both home from work early tonight so we could watch Game of Thrones at a reasonable hour
cool...did u um read the contest tweet we posted
You mean masherish?
Not at all!
I want to visit my unclee please 
haha!
look what you've done to me, Kristen!
You put mathchat on my twitter deck!
lol!
Don't RT he hates Syracuse and is a Jim Nantz fan.
You will freak out so many people...do it!
Just warn me before you put it on so I'm not freaked.
you go around snitching; you act like its no big deal; to some people it's not; but to me, it means that i lost trust in you.
Never knew artichokes and spinach would taste so good together.
that sounds so much cuter, omg.
what's up bro
The Packers beat the Bears four times in 2011.
this is a brilliant move.
too much data?
never...RT : Nike and Apple To Jointly Develop Smart Clothing  Rumor...
come say hi to the madden team.
We are at the tailgate.
I'll try again.
Anyone on FIFA12 Xbox live?
sucks when you hate something that you worked on for hours.
why am I never satisfied :'
of course
I will puke if the packers take irving over zieitler and hightower.
E!!
KANYEEZY WENT IN on THERAFLU!!!
he's baaaaaaaccccckkkk!!
Starting to wonder about that myself.
Real money in education these days is in testing.
Sad.
I love when my friend Josh talks, he has the coolest accent.
:
oh girl I can.
He knows I don't like him.
bitchstatus not mad about it.
Gotta watch out for my sis
I know milk does a body good,but baby how much are you doctornking?;
13Days ???
Why can't it be 2 minutes.
When people leave practice early..
whereugoing?
Oh man it is true when they say money talks bullshit walks
good luck and here ya' go:
ha no worries can't wait to see y'all!
hey your a fagget
face it: is awesome.
Thank you !
You made my man's night!
M, my car smells like strawberries!
Thanks, Jeff's Car Wash!
I love French fries
today i have failed a class because i unloaded on my feminist professorssor for lambasting me with her skewed and ignorant opinion ..wanna see?
The doctornks Are Starting To Wk On Me....
Big Sean at ChurchKey.
Also the plaidarmy is here.
Two thousand dollars for ice?
I can get an Eskimo for two hundoctord dollars and make my own ice.
Horse Feathers
Somebody go pick up so he doesn't have to sleep on the side of the road somewhere in between Vermillion and Souix Falls.
3WordsOfAdvice stick and stand :
Ever since Steve passed away, Tim won't give me as much info.
;
we need to get your picture set on here.
Thanks For Following Doll!
I Followed Back : xx
What song?
let's make it about that now
No matter where I am, no matter where you are, I'll be there when it's over baby, 'cause I was there from the start wizlove rollup 
: Wish we had the money or people to do more, but it's a free event and only a handful of folks watch remotely.
/cc
Heaven has to resemble downtown Chicago when the weather is nice
i guess the guilt from that sandwich has long gone haha
RT : Man, some days it don't matter what you do, that spaghetti ain't sticking to the wall.
Omg!!
I got a twitter!!!
Don't tell anybody!
RT : Indoor air quality is important!
Check out this video: 5 Systems For Healthy, EnergyEfficient Homes...
Doesn't Winger say a man's gotta have a code while Williams does a double take?
So True!!
RT : Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Confucius
RT : No matter how old you get Mom will always be Mom.
Mine just yelled at me for only eating peanuts for lunch yesterday.
War is the biggest ego trip of all time.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger and you stand a little taller!
Learning a lot about social media thanks to smss12.
Planning F2F event June 16 with Lon Safko, author of Social Media Bible, in San Diego.
Truth!
Good work :RT : Got my 1st run of 2012 in, feel like this is the year of the new me.
Good on you, Dana.
but good on you nonetheless.
hey sup?
im bored
Just got home.
You are the result of billions of years of evolutionary success.
Start acting like it.
Ready for bed..
It's not even 10pm...
26 yrs old oldmanhereandwhat!
A Vandy win here mathematically eliminates u from being able to win the pool.
I'm a Badgers fan so I want the Vandy loss.
Seriously?
Did some girls forget to do their hair?
This is national TV!
this storm that's about to hit 
lmao what does that mean?
And are you full black?!
Starting up a small business?
Check out the first part of our continuing blog on growing it!
Parts two and three will appear next week.
I'm hungry.
darling girl, mostly useless for me: you know they mostly don't even make them in an A, right?
no prob just shout me out
I heart eighties music.
It makes for an excellent work environment.
western civ.
is always much better with a tidal wave and snyders!;P God provides!
This will be my last tweet concerning Christina.
How disrespectful can you get to text while someone is THANKING you?
I Love Las Vegas Magazine...BLOG: LOVE Shopping?
May39;s ...
You know people just like to get you down!
You will never be that person to me.
No one puts babe in the corner lol
22 team conference?
why?
was nothing but a quick shake maybe a couple bit on itrookie tactics BMSPF  scored some cheap ones ; 
3.
Cardinals 9 Brewers 3  Crew clobbered by Cards / Aoki's first Brewer hit / leaves haiku hopeful.
i think i have over 30 days to go without coffee and it is very hard this morning.
BITCH R U SERIOUS
I love having a ceiling fan
Im buying it because of the boobs.
I'm glad that ride is over
Where is your favorite place in Texas that you have visited?
Austin?
SPI?
Houston?
: lmao I'm turnt tf up right now mane!!!!!!!!
hm what was in that doctornk???
Umm turn the TV off ma'am haha!
sorry for party rocking!!!!
Ouch!
:p
the hospital waiting room is devoid of electrical outlets.
how will I distract myself without gadgets?
may the batteries last long.
happy belated birthday from
Last night on Inside the NBA Shaq and Sir Charles backed up all of my claims about Blake Griffin.
I'm not crazy, he's not that good.
But congratulations!!
And thanks for allowing me to be there.
So cool to watch you grow into a grown man  husband!
Did Chris Brown get eaten by Pit Bull?
RT Great end to the AllStar Game right now.
No, seriously.
great article!
Remind me again.
Why are we supposed to care about Jessica Simpson?
The resume is on the back of the heashot.
They are used for agencies, acting, and modeling.
I only act , can't wait to audition for TV shows
putting lunch twice on your todo list will not make you more productive
Perhaps we could put their crazy message on billboards, so everyone could see how crazy they are.
Equity Principal THE RUNNER STUMBLES  The Bleecker Company Auditions Read more:...
I really don't want to go to school tomorrow....
Great conference!
RT We had a blast at the 2010VPPConf and we hope you did too!
Hey , when do and myself get an official press release?
I have a huge todo list tomorrow.
Look at frustration as a positive thing.
It is the frustration that doctorves you to improve.
John Lyons
HighSchoolMemories trying to skip a class but then...epic fail

that's so cool!
And YES I'm proud of you!
Pretty amazed that elementary school students are sharing technology efficiency tips, though I shouldn't be.
A wise man ought to realize that health is his most valuable possession  Hippocrates
Thank you, you too.
Happy National Pie Day!
Also, I plan to pay in all quarters from now on!
This is pretty much the 1 reason I wouldn't vote for him.
Sorry to hear you were ill!
Sounds awful.
Glad you're on Twitter.
I missed you on FB!
Alas.
No worries.
Have a nice summer if I don't run into you before.
Enjoy Canada!
what's ur number then?
Or have u gotten uppity on a brutha.
hey what's going on outside your building, iw ork for ch.5 and i'm being nosy!!
love day to be spinning out here, miss you budz!
One more day and I get to see my bebe..
Good luck maana 
Unfriend You is still my favorite song it's just so catchy!
I listen to it everyday 3
idol  Hollie, Jessica and Sklyar complimented each other well.
Good performance.
The girls rock.
Don't be jealous , you are pretty too 33
Yes, middle and high school is a growing focus, and they're looking at developing some teacher features in the near future.
Broken bones, extreme bruising, and hemorrhaging?
Sounds like yum to me : Time for dinner be back in awhile
Bring a knife to a fist fight, a gun to a knife fight, and a M134 to anything else
I wonder when some Sudekis descendants will surface from Illinois and Connecticut.
Finally Opening day for MLB...
its a bit cold and wet here in the northeast but Yanks played and won.
RedSox play in Texas tomorrow
Feel so good
I can't speak Japanese, which makes the tweeting a little bit more difficult.
THE COUNCIL tonight at Bus Stop.
You know the doctorll.
Packing my Black Friday survival pack for work: trail mix, Almonds, Sun Chips, Red Bulls, OJ, and H2O!
:D
there is, and you're around the corner.
Marriage.
: Why isn't there a service that will give me breakfast in bed at my house?
YOU DON'T GET OUT OF SCHOOL FOR THANKSGIVING TILL THE 23RD BOY!!
NOT THE 18TH
is doing more than he knows to keep me awake so i can study for finals.
Thank you for being crazy awesome at life.
Great seeing you tonight at
To paraphrase  Everything's easy except the starting and the finishing.
I'm really not feelin school today
RT Adobe Connect guy just stated that this new version is huge improvement over all previous versions.
Every1 agreed.
I wanna go swimming ...
THE WAY THE WORLD WORKS YOUR OPINION

Kuzma said I just missed you  what did you get ?
i mean i take 36mg of a strong meth doctorg every morning...dont think that makes gomez less crazy....but i love it...
dinner date and movie with the bff
From American Idol to ABDC, All the things I cant do cx
RT and tell others to follow if you want me to send Dm's to you personly and more!
Idc anymore just do you.
yeah!
And to hear it nd think its you they r calling
99.9 of my thoughts these days are about summer and how great I plan to make it
someone already made it rain up in here!
ImminentDanger Zander: at MJS sponsored conference says reporter 'obsessed' with civil commitment.
Wow.
We paid for this mike!
Trying to find the best way to cook that kielbasa?
Check out Menards!
America..
we love everyone.
thanks to everyone who came and made it such an unbelievable event!!!
Really wish I was back in Indy for the Big 10 Champ game.
It's off the hook.
Will be there next year fo sho!!!
Ayee tyler from taking the stage is in this movie!
All I need is my music and my best friends to forget you and your lies.
placed 8th in the 10k my soph and junior years...big 8s then though
I wish it was tomorrow night and I was seeing with right now!
I don't want to work!
Good job, Governor!
If you're ever going to pick a fight and get punched in the face, now is the time.
Very Monday like!
I'm confused....
did Christina pass??
I'm late.
just got to watch it, butthey didn't show her result hum weird:/
People who think Kesha is genuinely talented
Good article on DHEA  production decreases as we enter our 30s but supplementation may be the answer for you:...
To watch National Championship game or Buccos Phils exhibition game?
Happy Fathers Day!
My granfather was best role model of father for me.
RIP.
Oh wow!
Just downloaded it!
Works really well  thanks so much for telling me about this.
no video but limited  relatively specific.
Need different discussion format
I've been here for Austin from the START I'll be here till the end 
: Ibaka holding left wrist after fall uh oh
Yey Amanda!!!
Welcome home
It's going well.
Big news for us in 2012.
I'll email you today!
Good to hear from you!
Lord, before I was formed, You knew me.
You know my whole life.
So I now throw in the towel of trying to please everyone and trust You!
The CW network makes the cheapest, most pointless previews for their shows.
Cheap network is cheap.
If we really want big data to be useful in a clinical setting, it has to be used in the context of patient care ,
I went last night to help my mom and will never go again, people are fucking crazy
oh her Easter was great though.
She got 3 easter baskets and she tried to crack an egg on enrique!
Plus it was jaylins party
and will be Friday Night for Burque Bop.
Last Concert celebration of the season.
Hate is only a sign of weakness, but showing love is powerful..
even towards your enemies!
you know there is an app for that!
:
Appreciating the true good friends I have.
A solid friendship is a rare thing now days...especially in
11 puppies?
sneeze OMG that is amazing!
Stop in for 5 select burgers  5 select doctornks for lunch, happy hour, dinner.
RT : 3amigos and myself the one and only out at The Place killin it with
Tonight I'm at legroom on division st for wild Wednesday come get your hump day on til 4am!
You make it sound like work!
Have some sympathy for the guy who has to put your exam together ;
It could happen...
I'm pulling for ya.
One would hope so.
RT Any chance Haviland ends up on the Isles bench?
I think it's harder on the parents we depend on them more, I used The Pacifier Fairy came  left a toy in place of it :
Love it!
RT Googles Best Benefits: The Top 7 Perks Google Offers Employees: tmblr.co/Z9Q5axFjKs1O
Guys: The most precious gift you can give a girl is the gift of your time and attention.
Hey.
Yeah, you!
It's buy one, get one 50 off all month long.
Why are you still reading this tweet?
Come by the store right now!
Yeah it is, now I understand why he is 5 today instead of 88.
Didn't make sense at first.
20 minutes till my girl gets married.
It's gonna be a long  beautiful night!!
I'll post pics
CBJ dman Grant Clitsome, currently on waivers, a little pricey with 1 more year at 1.125M, TSN JR what do you think?

Indeed almost all public employees make too much money stories lack any actual cost/benefit grounding for criticism.
woo hoo!!!
Thanks Kari : u see that new vid of me and
Howdy friends!
If you have not yet done so then please go like us!
Help us get 500 likes for Christmas!
W.facebook.com/Walestheband
Race Street Pier Comes Alive With a Summer Season Program
Alex Collazo's doctorwn headshot makes him look like Mark Zuckerberg.
workin on it !
Everybody, put up your hands, scream I don't wanna be in love..
The show has started
Open today.
Peanut Butta Brownies!!!
Also 2 qtr lb Beef, and or Polish Beef sausages for6 bones.
Alotta rain, im already soaked
If you ask me, business coverage is the last thing newspapers should cut, as they could use some biz sense themselves.
me too!
I love that they're writing a story relating the values  experiences of GS on how it shaped women's professor lives.
Tune Inn is open again so must have a headache.
Tweet as much as you want,
any word yet on the CMA FEST??
Will u b going its only 3 weeks away u know
That awkward moment when nothing is really awkward.
RT I just found a quarter in the vending machine, if anyone is looking for a sugar mama.
You can't figure me out don't try it will result in brain failure.
Because you are awesome!
I agree
Wow!
Your avatar is hot, country lady!
Tops for under 40 Shop one of a kind fashion from around the world: www.store.ustrendy.com
who has time for any of this..lol
u work tonight?
lmfao omg just leave now
thank u for S/O!
Screw Vikings.
first thing you need to do is uninstall Windows Movie Maker and ask yourself What was I thinking?
From South Grove TAP meeting: Discipline problems have decreased as the quality of instruction has improved.
Floyd mayweather greatest athlete Ever!!!
Right!?
Straight girls need to quit ''experimenting''..
All it does is break real lezzy hearts.
:
We're definitely ready for the ALAconf next week!
Good attendance, great education planned and even a luau.
Mahalo!
Ok tweeple...
Is campbells doing click for cans this year?
Sitin here watchin my band play This Christmas on last year 2011
The hunting party returned home, bringing their game with them
Thanks for all the ff love guys!
Keep it coming!!
I Made it to Paris News!!!!
Sorry bitches but I'm not paying 20 to park in the parking lot of MY SCHOOL
Gosh , thanks for the RT.
Now if I could get you to bust a freestyle while I beatbox, my plans for world domination would be complete!
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins  not through strength, but through persistence.
Buddha
Pay a mortgage, utilities, groceries, car payments, and insurance and then you can talk about being a grownup.
There's a google docs document out there ppl are sharing the answers on.
looks the battle doctorms are rumbling for the Sounds of Detroit to be heard.....
It was good to see you this morning Kevin at the Open Coffee!
I look forward to the campfire tomorrow!
yay!
And too!
man fuck EVERYBODY !
Naah.
We can start the research Sunday, and do it next week.
RT Everyone please follow and help FindLauren.
Get it trending.
Get the word out...
I can't stop laughing and I don't know why....
RIP Levon Helm.
The world lost a music legend today.
You're the best, looks like your biggest fans are Christians today.
Keep up the good work!
Swedish candy is so yummy!!!
Proud to have a fellow Zoe as a 'Skin!!
Congrats PG!!!
Welcome to Redskins Nation!!!
Bonbagay!!
Just received: It is the submission part of being a writer that wears me down.
Wow.
Thanks !
Sean Kingston was involved in a jet ski crash and he is in critical conditions so let's all
lmaoo I'm not going in there!
I'll have my daddy check it out when he comes home from work lol
on the voice!
Can't wait to hear him preform Boyfriend live for the first time!
:D Swaggy!
United we stand, divided we fall.
Nothing deceives like success  Joe Kraus, Founder of Excite
we need a Pushing Daisies reboot where Ned's touch gets the dead to talk, but also makes them zombies after.
Just bc something ends doesn't mean it can't start back up again3
Lets go Birds!!!
fork that!
Seniors applaud proposed St.
John39;s tax cut
Hey don't get 2 comfortable on that chair, I am on the way back, the first think ill repeal your repeal of
by who the FCC?!!
nobody cant Control the Kentucky Rattlesnake!!!
My mom brought me takis :
did you read the post?
: CC/
100 Years Ago Today the Titanic Sank.
12 minutes ago today I watched a fat lady at the B'more airport lick cheese off her hamburger wrapper.
AFC NFC RT Sunday Specials7 Domestic pitchers from open to close, .45 cent wings.Award Winners All Day
he's going to be very clear.
completely agree the Bulls don't stand a chance in this series.
To much fire power.
The concept is that active engagement is valid even if contributors are creating a bad product
Look at this photograph...
Every time I do it makes me laugh.
Ah, birthday celebrations are over.
My belly is sated, my liver is annoyed and my heart is full
on my phone I curse autocorrect but on my computer I get so angry when url's I frequent don't autofill
All conflict comes from attachment.
Anthony de Mello
I don't understand where they get that theory from.
Most goal scorers in BPL are foreign born.
Ahah, I was thinking the same thing.
hey hello!!!!
Alex from will be on in the 10:00 Hour!
Wanna know what it takes to get on Ruby Hornet!?
Morning Show
LaMarcus Aldoctordge is good enough to get you beat.
So sick of those long 2's, most inefficient shot in the game.
thank you directtv, 2nite i have no tv.
im missing and not happy.
call me
You too?
And now there are blue skies!!!
Dear dad what ethnicity are you?
My mom says u r Indian.
I have reservations about that.
Hey!
It was a pleasure sharing the stage with you last night.
Hope to play together again soon!
Going to get JonHeading from GameStop and taking him home because I'M A DAMN GOOD FRIEND.
Ya hear!?
Lol
FOLLOW ME 3
Have you seen childoctorn at play recently?
They can make games out of candy wrappers.
Damn That Girl Gets Everything She Wants.
Going to get Raise The Jolly Roger tattooed on me some time this year.
Having some alone time while my daughter watches Spy Kids on the big screen.
I should go down there.
I would get a good nap in before bed:
The Service Industry tonight at Hole In the Wall!
We go on at eleven o'clock.
RT : I don't get why ATT blocked Google Voice.
You still use your cellphone to connect the calls  they still charge for the minutes.
Leading at the Called Out conference at Anderson University this wknd w/ Contact AU admissions for registration  info!
Man that walkin dead ep just made me extra sad
Is it weird that Pour Some Sugar on Me has been stuck in my head since the morning?
so bored
i got the dance right!
Heaaayaaahh!
Niall ;
In Boston discussing new frontiers of democracy
Happy Friday!
I hope everyone had a wonderful week and a great weekend planned!
Remember, one of the keys of life is love, love, love!
I've opened heart to show u wats inside.
U seen everything yet u never really cared:/
You bitch mind your business
Some major brands of
Everything's back to normal with the site now.
Sorry about that.
My cat is just so damn adorable!
Love her!
.
Every possible aspect of planning and making today's trip could not have been more deplorable.
FYI.
Excited for my day with tomorrow
Delighted to have Peter Bielagus back on the show today!
Now's the time to look at those finances and he's just the person to help.
Tune in!
did you just quote this movie!
impressive
that was a heartbreaker...sheesh.
I think those fools are actually in the commercial RT That singer reminds me of Fries and Scotty combined
Thanks Alex.
I didn't really know him, but knew folks who did.
Good kid and sad story.
Makes you take a minute to think.
Awesome!!!
Congratulations Paul!!!
Not surprised at all.
haha....
Went to Pinky's last week.
Friend ordered the White Trash Burger and paired it with a PBR.
newcombo!
Some JERK stole 3 iMacs from OUR lab today in Johnston Hall G23.
If you have any info please let MIlo or Campus Police know right away!
Going to try to get a lot of work done today...tidy up all loose ends!
I would love a baby kitten.
I promise you will get a good mention when I write my late 90searly Aughts black corporate internet romanaclef
was a pleasure!
Dinner with you and G soon, dammit!
He always eating all the damn cereal..ugh..like come on...ugh
What up doe?
thank you!!:
LovetheGame  whats up williamsburg pickup league...
Jordan Brand  knows how to make a good advertisement
I'm sendin my epk over to Doug !!
Let's work..
Mosely need a check...
Shyt I'm not mad tho!!
Better get it while u still can!
What do you get when you cross Ann The Man Coulter with Jan The Tan Brewer?
I have no idea but God help us all.
Tom ask ur guest about the effect of the corn subsidies and sugar consumption
music festival in benghazi moving forward
It's new comic day!
What are you excited to read this week?
no, wanted to check it out, but stuck at work until 10, then off to birthday karaoke : have fun!
You are the missing half of me
We must be global Christians with a global vision because our God is a global God  John Stott
I SUPER don't give a fuck so bring it!
Now to emerge wearing ridiculous shades.
995 is right!
even better?
we ship to you...on us.
So, how many would you like?
;
Robby show me that bobby;
I hate being with doctornk people 
I don't recall seeing the naturalgas hashtag as much.
I'm all about effeciency and natgas is quicker and easily recognized.
hey see you in Dayton,Ohio on Friday
Looking forward to it!
:
flash goes the paparazzi pre show.
Celebs a plenty.
Latenight Kroger runs
TD Junior Hemingway!!
AMAZING 6 hours in the studio...
If being gay were a choice wouldn't everyone just float back and forth depending on the boning opportunities.
Now Rashard Mendenhall makes NFL to Slavery comparisons also...????
Cmon man....!!!!!!
Quit your job already if you dont like it
It's the spirit that counts!
MT : 3 days before Christmas: presents wrapped0; cards sent0; cookies baked0; tree decorated0
melo and stoudemire dont play defense, typical NBA superstars no wonder they are losing
Not sick anymore, got up with out my alarm, and in exactly one month I will be in Spain.
Today is going to be a great day!
If you have an event, conference, party, show, and need transportation arrangements for attendees, hit us up!
Let's talk!
Rondo did way too much down the line.
Back to Boston to settle the series.
Clue to Centenarians39; Longevity: A Mediterranean Diet
Therefore, standardized spelling of names is intimately connected to the history of the rise of the American telegraph industry.
All my nigga be at in the trap house
My Monday morning train is empty.
Is everyone still in bed recovering from Mad Men?
Inner thoughts...
I'm sure that feeling will change some when we're out on our own.
Its a legit beard nowadays though RT : too busy stroking his beard
I love everything about the South...
especially the people!
mm well damn lol..
i dont wear vans.
i wear nikes n jays
W brand party is a hit!
just hit me up im always down
I'll be working in a major city ...
and Chicago is not a major city?
Just had lunch  great conversation about with
Shamwow should get into the tampon business.
Think of all the money you'd save buying just one forever!
Wring it out and on ya go!
Brought 06 Bartolucci Vineyard Cab to our neighborhood Italian spot.
Cab and lasagna?
Delizioso!
We've got them all!!!
We are doing big things for Avaya and
Ladies Thong Swim suites only...Lmao
I disagree w/ so many ppl can make no sense of virtual maps, still navigate by landmarks, physical space.
But bye.
Shout out for shout out??
Looking to enjoy a healthy lunch?
Stop in and receive 20 off any creative lunch salad.
Mean Green Thursday!
TMobiles Network Will Be iPhoneReady This Fall
I'm in this city I've never been to and he totally abandoned me at dinner to find a ride w someone else.
ok its hard to come up with stuff lol
Two soontobe released novels I can't wait to read: 11/22/63  1Q84.
No one's flawless mayne, don't trip on the wrong things..
I was distressed that holiday decorations were up already, but it's not really already.
It's time.
ladysnight at The Anchor Bar in Tampa come in for great deals and lots of
Great speech by at the PRSA paragons in Milwaukee.
Congrats on the Dorothy Thomas Black award, Dave!!
Love this!
it was awesome
I really look forward to reading it!
Haven't gave a shit all day about these terrible games but damn clip show might pull this off
We are booking up fast..call today for Birthday reservations 8727778!!!
Dance is the spice of life!
Like other forms of art, dance has the ability to lift the soul and stir the imagination.
thanks and a half!
that's what I was saying to the bitch that's what I mean by jumping ship
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident Northbound 360 right after Spicewood Springs
follow me
Coaches who have seen Lombardi; Shula, Cowher, Coughlin, Reid, Sparano...rumor has it another one in the house Sat...come see who...
it might take a while get them all out the door, but higher order s means easier to make them at the lower price.
LOL YEA U CN GO!
ONLY IF YOU KEEP YA WORD LOL
is the best place  we look forward to hearing from you!
here's some more advice...
Don't publish be fact we had a manchat.
But i appreciate the shoutout.
When you coming to Destin again?
would like to bring back the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge.
You never really know how much stuff u have, until u have to pack to move.
Been a long day for me, good nite all.
im talking but inhaling
: God has uniquely gifted you to help someone.
Be available as God opens doors for you to do so.
Random I want to spend a day w/
You know, for being a plumber, Mario sure does get into some caraaazy situations...
i am now a member of .
best 10 i EVER spent!
And Linsanity continues
and that's why you are special!
thebest!
Its always great seeing friends I love :
WELL IM NOT SURE WHO GO BE TIRED.
Love focusing on this type of thing MT : Values Truth in values.
What small or big ways do u live by your values today?
Yup, not a happy thought...
Good thing I'm not about to go to sleep thinking about this.
:/
yay!
So excited!!!
Tip 63C: When you want to know what I know as bad as you wanted to breathe just now...you will know.
areyouhungry?
not yet registered for Bonamour model casting call in Dallas this Saturday?
Please contact Micah Blehm at
Rainbow submitted into the QBC film festival!!
Affecting change as far as we can see
u mite run a 43 but u wont run up on me
Happy Valentine's Day Columbus!
Cuddle up with a special someone or special teddy bear and stay warm on this snowy day.
Saw a fox walking on the bike path in Rock Creek Park this AM.
Looked like s/he was doing the walk of shame.
Not cool, bro.
BadKarma RT a better Rickie Weeks poll would be In what month will Weeks be out for the season
This Friday, 413, in Stockholm, tell King Carl  Queen Silvia 'to recognize'; they are Swedish royalty, you, are ours!
:
alexandoctorberttweettweet follow me follow me tweet tweet D 
MY SHOW 5 30 PM Pacific Time www.syndicateradio.tv click on lIVE BROADCAST!!
oh SING!
haha that's awesome!
Are you stoked?
:
3 pm Sunday is the worst time to find out that you have to memorize and deliver a speech in Chinese at 10 am Monday.
Feelin too good!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays everyone.
Enjoy some mulled wine and the company of friends and family!
movie marathon
Sunday May 9 here me live or streaming at www.wcuw.org on Shirim featuring the new CD release from Sababa  performing in MA May 2123!
It couldn't possibly get any better, NEW Beavis and Butthead!
Want to make it????
First get a hot single...
Next market it the right way....
Flooding twitter and Facebook will not get u on
I move out that night, so...
Nothing haha
ThoughtsWhileRunning why did misterLuna put me in the 800?
.
you are a puppet!
all the other puppets look down on you wee man.
Anaconda describeyourpeniswithamovie
Watching my girlfriend get kicked out of DG.
haha that's okay just do what works for you!
I'm just going to wear bright solid colors all summer and my cutoffs :
Frantically writing a history essay due tomorrow hahaha
to stay cool here in Glendale lol
I LIKED IT: CANT WAIT FOR MORE
This SUMS IT UP!
Check youy phone bills carefully fir
say what?
hey guys, we have a song practially finished!
Go LIKE us on facebook, and we'll try and release it!
facebook.com/MissingInAlaska RETWEET!
Spending this freezing cold Saturday night in bed with my book, then hopefully my boy :
Congrats!
It looks great!
Going to b.v.m carnival tomorrow 
All repairs completed
the last 2 piks don't look like the same girl
I absolutely love SWS and Pierce the Veil :
It took me until January 7th to actually tweet about the Bruins.
cool, I met him once my wife set up a meet as a christmas present for me at her friends home.
I was impressed with the young man.
heading your way!
Glad we could help.
At the risk of being redundant, Thanks for the thanks...
IDODI 27 days left!
Dear Lord!
Why do I have a Rick Astley song stuck in my head!!
Nicolette Your Lucky  .
i wish i was yoou.
want to trade lifes for one min :D
I love watching you play!!
Any chance of RT for a orange and blue die hard???
Question: does coffee or tea grow anywhere in these United States of America?
You can break down a woman temporarily, but a real woman will always pick up the pieces, rebuild herself, and come back stronger than ever.
: you should check out Mobile payment via text message from your mobile device
Watching hardcore pawn
I know it's been a lot of years, but I can't look at an orange and white Flyers jersey with 8 on it and not think of Dave Schultz
u know u got a bad phone company when u try 2 pay the bill online n the website tells u sorry were experiencing technical difficulties!
At the pier:
What the F!
you knew about this a long time ago!
Chris, thanks for the follow.
Good to hear from you.
How are you?
Eli Degibri powerhouse saxophonist w/ ability to sing thru his instrument.
He has a thick tone and uses it to great effect.
Done with school, now prom needs to hurry up
I was going to choose Beards layer only, but if it's an indigo game day, may go that way instead.
nice HU that was awesome!
Ughh I'm in so much pain right now: 25 yrs old and never had a broken bone til now.
Just wish the pain would ease up enough for me to sleep
What page are you looking at and what browser?
RIP Dick Clark...
Thanks for all your New Years Rockin Eves
I've never smoked a cigarette eever in my life!!!!
So who gets the Idol boot tonight???????
Come on....BIG MIKE???
follow for follow?
:
I bet Pioli had microphones installed in the beanbag game.
Come on and
michigan bout to get a win tonight
thanks love!
But is the real hero!
I like how I can follow the mess and tell exactly what my roommate did last time he was in the room
my first SLA conference was a great experience...now looking forward to a relaxing weekend :
Tonight is going to involve a lot of alcohol.
What a busy morning for us!
we delivered dumpsters in Bellaire to a home elevator installation and one to a home remodel site on Bunker Hill
hey sis, just want you to know that you are amazing!!
keep fighting the fightit's worth it
Out to dinner and my sister asks me So how much Carmel do I have to add to the Onions to make Carmelized onions??
JessicaSimpson!!
Doctor's Orders: one ice cold Labbat's.
Relax.
A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time he bites off more than he can chew.
Confirmed Celebrity Guests for our San Diego Pride launch for !
Red carpet 'meet and greet, two floats and more!
what are you up to?
finally catch up on emails?
or did the 4am flt derail you again.
that tweet is so much better since your pin was placed on a highway
Both.
You bring up a great point Corporate welfare is just as destructive if not more destructive
Austin Rivers
hey i see you 3
Surrounded by people who seemed to possess a devastatingly clear sense of purpose, I buried myself in fairytales.
Midnight's Childoctorn.
is coming to Indiana tomorrow super pumped can't wait!!!
doctornk peppermint tea before bed to help tame that sweet tooth!
It also improves digestion and can help alleviate headaches:
Do you use Hookt IM?
If so be sure to add Hookt ID FWFH78U
Whoa oh there she goes...
What an informative day of food safety and great networking at Manufacturing Matters!
Thanks
That's why I love my job!
RT : Brewing beer; one of the only jobs where it's okay to take work home with you
Innocent until proven guilty is just a bullshit statement now a days
Such a beautiful day and there's nothing to do..
I fall asleep in the movie theater, I come home  I'm wide awake 
better doctorp the zero and get with the hero...Ice Ice, Baby.
I hear he does amazing house decor nowadays...
118 BB.
Got them from a guy here in Orlando
Im up here bruh I'm going to be here for the whole summer wbu
lovely weekend at the lake house now back to reality
Special FF to CMO for being a mentor to me and always providing the best insight in the business
You believe this crap?!
Followed!
Thanks for following us as well!
what team are u supporting tonight?
Hmm coffee always fucks up stomach
Fage Yogurt with Honey!
It's been a while!
Yummy:
ThoughtsDuringSchool Me: yes!
They forgot about the homework I didn't do!
Student: what about the homework!
Me: prepare to die..
Capitol Centre Market is an authorized Madison Metro Bus pass agent
we just got a case of Gin!
stop in and be one of the first to try the first Gin by one of Chicago's newest distillers.
I love hearing the news describe people losing tens of thousands of dollars as 'taking a hair cut'.
Where the fuck do you get your hair cut?
FRIDAY PICK UP LINE: Do I know you?
Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
You'll be fine, there's an alarm you know.
Apple best not use the girl's name, Daria in their Siri ads because it shows up as Diarrhea.
Good thing I proofed my email.
Ugh.
RT : Would you like to ask me questions here on Twitter?
Join me for my AskBlair Twitter Chat on March 1st at 1pm PT/4pm ET!
Let you know when I do!
Could you refer me to your commercial one?
RT Know of theatrical agent that is looking for talent?
have you considered going with indie pub.?
With large publishing houses spending less on new writers, it's a way to start.
Deleting my facebook that shit lame af .
i wonder what gun imma get;
I followed back, thanks for following.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Don't let weeds grow around your doctorams.
H.
Jackson Brown, Jr.
I just wanted to say HI!
Hope you're doing good!
: Bye...wait Please FOLLOW me!!!
Please,please please!?
got to listen to your show choir.
Really good son
nice!
Jr smith rt me
great class tonight, well worth my hand hurting now!
SLU Ph.D.
grad Robert Hawkins is the winner of the 2011 Ralph Henry Gabriel Dissertation Prize of the American Studies Association.
Lol ill try, ima come down stairs tomorrow and be like cough cough and make.it look like I'm in pain ;
The reason we think faster than we talk is so we can think twice.
I always feel like I'm ingesting deadly bacteria waiting in any doctors office or ER.
Vitamin up when you get home!
spongebob may live in bikini bottom but i live in AC shoe bottom!
follow me 3
1.
duh.
2.
i need some new stuff for vegas the week before.
which makes this a little harder lol
What TV shows we should watch tonight  Guyism
it's difficult..
Well my 1000th tweet is coming up it's definitely going out to and 
I Hear The Cops  Gun Shot And Everyone All Shock , But Im Just Like Oh Just Regular Ol' Hot Day.
Im Use To That Issh.
let me find out..
RT : ZACKLEE!!
RT : It's a mass text
exactly what I was thinking!
I can't believe gays of any party would calls such a big announcement offensive
Dear Spring, I'm sorry for whatever I did.
Please come back soon.
have a blast tonight !!
ah, a rare breed, especially amongst the gay community.
NotThatTheresAnythingWrong with being sleezy hehe.
Alphalpha would be a better spelling for alfalfa.
Would save me a lot of corrections on this alfalfaful book.
Most people overestimate what they can achieve in 1 year, but underestimate what they can accomplish in 5 years!
Read The Compound Effect
The BoyfriendVideoPremiere was good and so worth the wait
Do I need to push my boundaries out more?
ah well, it's dinner time!
Thank YOU!
Great energy.
Great ideas.
Great museums in VA!
most overrated golf course?
Hands down, Red Tail
If I had a  for every submitter who responded to this really needs serious copyediting w/that's what editor's for...
LOL Yes, that would definitely sell magazines.
unfortunately.
Gotta iron da khakis...
Ashes to go rd metro, how cute!
just stream the games online
If Greece falls, the euro project then falls, patients then take control of the asylum, ESM then a fantasy
It doesn't matter what your race is, your ethnicity, if you like boys or girls.
To me everyone's beautiful: 3
Bc when we don't consistently exercise, fitness falls completely off our radar!
Create a set schedule of exercising at least 3 days a week
wells fargo layoffs public finance bankers contact me for future employment.
Hiring analysts on up...
Buy Mike's Carwash express wash certificates from INHP  50 of proceeds will support INHP programs!
Contact now
so yesterday I turned on Netflix and saw there were two Louis CK specials.
Watched them back to back.
you hanging.
Cancelled Terra Nova too  I actually liked where it was going.
2/2
Thanks!
Glad you stopped by!
Hope we can meet at the next Austin Bloggers function :
Less Betty, more Megan!
Ur such a bra god
thank u too!
;
You as well..
so what's that about 2/3 of the league?
Follow My Friend Trust Me Goeko Please Follow Her She Keeps Playing Your Songs In My Ear and she's a massive fan 
I think today is going to be a good day.
Follow us on Twitter if you haven't done so!
Use your remaining insurance benefits before they expire at the end of the calendar year!
Call to set up an appointment today: 6088365700
Upgraded to the 5D mk2...21mp of fullframe bliss!!
Love my new
Idek why I'm watching it
Tonight is gonna be amazing!
Love ya'll!!
33
Longest school day ever
: : Why not close the freeway when I have a 3 hour doctorve?
wear it!!
you'll wear it on the way to Randy Rogers.
Especially the spouses RT : Happy Canada Day, eeh, to all our Canadian friends.
We'll tip a Labatt Blue in your honor
I'm a little late to the game but I like orange w/ 2nd belt.
See the Iris One system and learn more about how VI technology can improve the way you do business.
After yesterday, today has the potential to be the best day ever
Put the surface of your watch facing upwards to prevent unwanted scratches on the watch face.
instead of Youk, Pedey appears to be the target in this one
ducks fly together
About 20 people came up to me today and said I smelled like Tabacco...
3/4 don't know what it smells like.
And 4/4 of them are idiots.
Feed the big German.
Spearmint rhino.
oh.
You should fix that.
wish you were here too buddy.
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce, they view it as a positive step forward.
That nap was refreshing!
thanks!
If we're ever around come check us out!
I think they mean no bags of clothes.
They need a copy editor.
For the millionth time  don't send your SSN or password through email.
No legit IT person asks for this stuff.
Please.
Don't.
Send.
It.
Hey scientists, how we coming on cloning?
I could use a few more of me lately.
If God made the original, then copies should be fine right?
I've never bought an Apple product.
I've also never owned an ereader.
However, I can't wait to buy the Kindle Fire!
RIP Godfather of GoGo ChuckBrown.
Your great big family of friends  fans will miss u!
MindlessBehavior are the most talented five year olds i've ever seen lol.
yeah so if we were in seats and they had empty vip they might move us up
Today Laverne and I met and enjoyed our time together and will work hard for the NAACP.
Fun doctor Cynthia Harris
Friday's show was so great!
Thank you to friends and fans alike for supporting us.
Can't wait to share our new album with you soon!
:
Free Tip from www.EasySocialNow.com: you don't have to buy Microsoft Office!
Use 100 compatible OpenOffice  www.openoffice.org 100 free
lay back fall in love and enjoy ya wife.
happy Birthday!
Sent by
No more school for 6 weeks!!
People getting suspended for making other people faint.
We got some dumb ass people in my school.
next Friday
I got them whats good
prices have doctorpped doctorstically kandizone.com
How is everyone doin??
: Heading to Radisson LAX to speaking on the panel about !
How I got a text from my bubby saying he misses me and is in Mexico.
Well, I can't seem to fall asleep despite being tired, so I might as well stay up and finish my thesis.
hi rihanna im your biggest fan!
X
Thanks for following Tiny.
Stay tuned and I will be sure to keep you posted.
All the best to you and yours.
TRAK Records and Library is looking for a Livelink Records Manager in the Washington, DC area.
Contact me for details!
Partnerships are only partnerships if both sides win.
J.R.
Kerr
Neva Look Back .
haha sorry again Luke!
Be sure to watch our President as he gives the State of the Union Addoctorss this Tuesday.
There may be a watch party near you.
doctoram??
What happened?
Also, how was Bermuda?
Follow me on instagram  ImSoConceited Come on My
I know and possibly over 100 years old.
Sad....
Exciting installation going on today at 101 East Main Street with Richard David Moore!
Stop by if you're downtown around noon...
Watch for our latest discount offers in the email newsletter being released later today.
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLEA thought provoking exploration of freedom.
It will inspire anyone who has ever doctoramed of a better life.Quincy Jones
Great receivership panel at TriSpringConf12 Old Rules New Rules No Rules
that's behind this Homework 2 thang.
I have to record specifically for u
so weird we tweeted at the same time about the video
I definitely wore the wrong shirt to work today
The President's New Clothes
cell phone  laptop are both usually on when I watch TV/DVR wish I had a tablet.
Got to watch the fight and take care of her :P
Shastic is the place to showcase your accomplishments as a performer!
Shastic is the place to be!
Try it out!
www.shastic.com
Lakers time Black Mamba!!!
my daddykins is wearing his Dodgers shirt I brought him from AZ  watching LAD vs TEX...
its the sweetest thing ive seen today
awe thanks.
:  I know I was beasting it durring the.summer 3
SNL short was amazing and funny 3.
Follow!
Who is coming to THIS weekend?
and dance
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world.Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has
I'm the press conference  you just a conversation
watching beauty and the beast :
LMAO RT.
this is why our moms are sisters.
Talk about serious creepers!
: When my mom awkwardly stares at me in the car
Getting shiznit done today who would have thought
Fernando Rodney can wear his hat however he wants.
upset I missed the live chat!
It's my sisters birthday though!
Bustin it down wit wifey out in the hometown seein da big cuzzo tae!
Thankful for my family n my cypher real talk!!
RT Im always asked, Why did you choose music.
I always respond, Because music chose me.
Thanks for the add: Wishing you a lovely Sunday and MuchSuccess!
I have 3 finals and a project due on Monday...and a test tomorrow.
Good jeeze.
I've got work to do tonight!
I would give my left arm to be sleeping right now, but it is currently being used to tap this child to bed!
This isn't about what YOU prefer, Demandy.
This is bigger than you.
It is days like today that make me glad my office looks west and up 22 floors.
Great view of the storm rolling in but no tornadoes allowed.
Yea im late, lol still on the bus.
In studyhall listening to music and then language just watching videos,skittles and mnsters for lunch and my 2 others classes are easy C:
Would you read a press release on Flickr?
Interesting idea at
Privacy issues  much more info avail re: ebook use vs.
print  IP addoctorss, pages viewed, date/time.
Good Morning mister Rodgers.
Happy Monday
Are you a bar?
We'll be calling you in a few weeks to find out if you'd like to be a stop.
Very exciting...May is getting closer!
opps .
wrong kind of canned air .
anyway .
Happy 2010
i highly dislike him...
Thanks for playing our cheesy guessing game.
The winner of the gift card is Congrats and thanks for playing everyone.
The Bloody Crumpets and The Lake Effecters snag the last two spots.
I can't wait to see the full cast on Saturday morning.
LOL just saw your imaginary dog conversation.
you are such a closet dog lover :
oh yeah im smart because i go to preuss c:

I'm rockin them...would do sandals too but I'm downtown...
I just realized you're a fellow MTBer!!
Congrats on booking a costar role on NYC22 I'll be sure to watch for you!
Hanging with my bff Shes crazy!
I'm getting sleepy in dis meeting...
yes but not overnight unless they have had a background check
OMG I just signed Ricardo Kaka And Marcelo from Real Madoctord 2 A.C Milan!!!
In Pes 2012 :D :
what's up you doctornken bastard
was the very dark one in A Major?
It's all relative y'know.
Man never a dull moment.
Take my life over anybody
When you're feeling down, you've got to sit back  be thankful for what you still have.
I hope that you all got the message that I am thrilled!
i just wanna yell at her and say I will not watch Disney channel for the rest of the 5 years I'm living with u!
Grr she is mean
So pissed that BreakingDawnPart1 premiered back home in Sweden yesterday, but it doesn't premiere here until tomorrow!!!!!
MT Online algebra classes can help bridge gap for rural students ready for advanced math, study finds...
This weeks TechTuesday webcast on Deduplication was a hit!
Thanks to our audience for the great feedback  participation
Summer needs to hurry up before I die.
130 speakers, 250 programs!
professorssional translators, Yizkor books, LDS microfilms, genealogy film fest...
www.jgsla2010.com
All versions, all seasons, or just the current edition?
With a donation of 100, we thank Jess!!
Thank you!!
You have made it to the rank of Brother BroPatter!!
thanks!
I can't wait to download.
If I can just stop listening to the new Tindersticks album.
Uggghhhhh really woke me up for this
3.
Bank runs are a thing of the past.
no comment
Thoughts on Pitbull aside...AWESOME.RT There's an old lady, seriously senior citizen aged, wanting Pitbull for her ringtone.
Stop.
You're making me jealous.
But I couldn't do that!!
Where do the shoes go!?!?
finnah smash this food  ;
But sometimes, I really WANT there to be a place with no computers!
Must unplug!!!!!
Thanks for following me back.
I am a big country music fan.
Do you have a youtube channel?
Crazy, Stupid, Love got the first two adjectives right.
Delete it off your netflix list, not worth the 2 hours
wait till you see the trailer.
Coming back from and never hit the gas of my car once coming home from mcdonalds.
Hi can you please follow For me she follows Back!:
That make 2 of us.
He's a gr8 guy with the love for music.
He'll get so far in life with that atitude.
3
Are you resurfacing?
Seriously cannot wait to go to the pool tomorrow.The thought of that makes me happy  seeing some of my fave people!
4th of July!
Enjoy all!
HIMYM finally moved forward in last night's episode.
Yay!
It's about time.
:
:D I have lots of random thoughts while riding my bike or on the bus.
I thought, hey!
I should tweet these!
Hah
yes i like the
Time for bday supper with Mom and Dad :
I'm  the doctors feeling pretty SAD.
I wish everything will hurry up  get better for me and my baby.
And all the bad go away
It's officially summer: I have a bloody knee.
Except this year it's not bikerelated: watch out for those steps at Ada Street.
out of class..
my babe just picked me up and brought me a chile relleno for lunch :
Good luck to you all!
Have a great run and then enjoy the tacos, pizza, and brews!
Yes, you do need to purchase admission to the show get your photo taken for a season pass.
word!
two bros.
roundhouse to start!
why not
It's 10:00!
Time to get good sleep for a great tomorrow!
CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE come n putcha name on it !
LMFAO xD
burger joint lol good food so I've heard
Took me quite a while to get around to it, but god damn is GREEN LANTERN bad.
Made a little video today.
To be posted later tonight/morning.
:D
Do any technology leaders have experience working with a K12 embedded technology curriculum?
I could really use a sounding board right now.
But at least it's instructional!
good news to spread!
local loudoun leesburg author releases new book in November!
Yea you cute.
But dont let that shit go to yo head
springing ahead to the ER.
:
Off to work, then time for bed!
Yep!
3 shows at the beacon : RT : Hi...you gonna be catchin any Furthur shows in NYC next mo?
hang on followers soon my debut will be hitting radio waves, please message me so i know what you think.
Thank you for following me!
Made my birthday that much better : For your birthday let's go swim with the dolphins?!
I'll pay!
Read more of the Hunger Games last night.
Can't wait to see and JLawrence in it
haha it's called assistive touch.
U can turn it on in ur settings .
3 months today with the best boy anyone could ask for ; 3
Cant sleep
a timid yet optimistic reunion with the central park loop in prep for next week's 10K w/ check back with me in an hourish.
Mixing some sweet southern gospel this weekend live concert so much fun harmony acappella music so exciting!
Gonna b alot of hairpulling next year..
They need clippers at the doctorft like going into the army!
thanks for the follow!
Hope to see you at the cookout on sept 10th!
Nothin' like a little Pour It Out  Horseshoes and Hand Grenades to get me thru a rainy night at work!
Can you recommend some winter camping/snowshoeing routes near Boulder?
I'm planning a 3night trip at the end of the month.
False by any measure.
RT : The Buffett Rule will raise just over 30 billion in tax revenue over the coming decade.
Just watched season finale made me choke up a little.
I love this show.
I can't wait till next season!
done till saturday
Oh, both of the above, I'm sure!
; What if the st found an error and corrected it?
The impudence!
Mystery, Sensuality, Passion, Love, Pride, Choic, Power, Success, Vanity....
Alter Ago!
That's awesome!
See you there!
:
RT : Get ready everyone..
: The site will go live Feb.
13 so let your friends know who love sports.
yeah.
it really irks me.
really irks me that I am irked by it.
I like to play in both arenas.
Multi sport social media athlete!!
Delighted to have you among our followers!
Having lunch at was cheaper than a taqueria..
Plus I'm not expected to tip.
They don't call it ThirstyThursday for nothing!
doctornk up!
freaking freezing.
With Great Sports comes Great Beer  Great Responsibility!
Enjoy the weekend!!!!
cnnteaparty If our economy is truly broken, could you fix it within one term as president?
Last night was super irie at BigTim's.
Thanks for having us over.
And Thanks to BigStoney and Greenman Dan for another great event!!!
thatBUSTEDmoment when your parents are looking through your phone...
Darren Massingale's genetic code locked in for survival because his three childoctorn carry all of his strongest and best traits.
He and Tony
Fuck yea I just favorited my own tweet.
That shit was awesome and It's gonna happen too.
The world moves fast and it would rather pass you by than to stop and see what makes you cry.
New definition of a quickie.
ha ha.
Anytime!
We have to take care of our Stlrams family!
: They NEED to add a KR.
changing my tune today.
Not important.
Kickoffs becoming nonfactor in NFL.
Hey Man If I Get U Some Of Our Shirts Will U Rock Them?
I'm From Upstate NY Just Tryin To Get My Name Out Uk??
IS A COLD MC
yo need more followers so follow me i follow you
Seski plan vacation Grants Pass.
Seski ride Hellgate Jet Boat 4pm May 22.
Come take picture Seski!
More later!
I would like a beautiful man with strong thumbs to massage this awful kink outta my neck/back.
Too much to ask?
That one text that just breaks u
: I wasn't that doctornk!
Dude, you climbed up a tree and said OH GOD!
Look how big this piece of broccoli is!
it's great thanks!
looking forward to the final!
im crying really hard right now /3
so when i was in like the ghetto of Minneapolis getting gas for my car a big black girl came up to me and told me i was cute.
Special birthday shout out to our main video editor Chris Huff!
Happy birthday!
RT changed my username to something simpler...since no one could spell wischusen anyway...please RT so folks know..thanks!
It was a good thing.
It piqued my wife's interest which is no easy feat.
We talked about casting.
Explained: not a remake.
Why are women afraid to lift weights?
I'd like to hear your thoughts, both men and women...
Chun: To be is to be updated.
I'm cool as long as I get to hear what she has to say.
I seriously heart her!
I got everything ive always wanted living the doctoram so yeah, everything ive always wanted isnt what it seems im a lucky girl who's doctorams
Taking more pics of my guns and posting today.
who would win in a fight prez obama or optimus prime most likely obama yes he can!
they need to make new jordans and nikes
Crack the whip
Couldnt find my external hard doctorve at first and almost had a heart attack!
lol
no Problem :
Evening run, because the weather/temperature is basically perfect.
Thanks for being awesome, NC.
Happy Birthday !!
xx
Will be closing the dining room for a party at 5:30 pm today.
Will still be serving take out orders during party.
louis can u follow me i love u so much ur my inspiration
naw we won 1612, its finna be a long night for me
You need to follow us first I believe.
I'm about to head out to my first television audition under my new union
thanks for the mention, have a great weekend
stop farting man.!
Ahah
RT : conference...
AudienceScience Interactive Advertising Panel w/ and packed house...
It's weird how work is really slow at first then it speeds waaaaayyy up and then that last hour or two just kills you.
Haha.
You will you will : plus, I need to catch up on time with your child
Oh  I was eating quesadillas:D
blood brotherhood
Thx 4 chking my IMDB.
Yes, news on that soon : RT How ya been!
like the IMDB update.
R u playing music anytime soon?
Brainstorm....that word is soo funny to me lol
Come check us out in Old Town!
We have some delicious sour apple, cake batter and of course, dutch chocolate waiting for you!
Today is National Wear Red Day: Wear red to show support for women's heart disease awareness!
Healthy
So, do not doctornk when you doctorve and do not doctorve when you doctornk
Its hot out here right now, dtects tryna fuck with a nigga
boom, followed.
Poor Bigfoot!
Leave it to Texas to keep finding new things to execute.
Why don't they make them out of platinum or gold so they can jack up my tickets, again!
Hope it was a night to remember!
;
Cover Letter writing will become your new hobby.
xD
Ha!
Totally should've been HCDE.
;
Hang in there Denver!
doctorgs  Chicken..
What!?
Lol
Overwhelmed by the desire for summertime sunshine.
Are you ok?/:
Its Friday!
Everyone have their Christmas shopping done?
Fr the millionth time, people, Lebron is not hated outside of Cleveland for going to another team.
It's HOW he did it.
Stop twisting it.
Mayweather H GoodNight :D
One of the more used apps on my iPhone since I'm an Peet's regular.
Absolutely true.
He would occasionally stop by the Third Ward office to say hello.
We definitely miss him.
Some men say women are the root of their problems.
Those same dudes think their solution is to go out and get more women.
Lol
True w/ my son MT Landa head lag is an early indicator.
Inexpensive rapid screen 4 early neuro development.
Thanks for the love, Ideaman!
Super glad you're digging the Snap .
.
.
Glynn
RT : Watch now.
on family planning.
how do I win the new Pete the Cat?
The trailer was awesome!
oh wow!
Thought for sure he'd admit he did!
Congratulations to for a great production.
Have a wonderful closing night!
thanks for the cool new nickname, shaunbourne hope it sticks!
Lol
MLA  high security/key control systems  the locksmiths edge.
Do you offer these elements as part of your product offering?
Ready for friday blaahhh!!
Zombies, you say?
wordsthatdescribeme dedicated, professorssional, hard working, whimsical, thoughtful, artistic, creative, loving
But in fact they are perpetually passing into one another
I heard someone is listening to 1D, a lot ; 3
Boo for lightning and delay.
Hooray for upgrade!
Anyone seen American Idol tonight?
Real Shocker unless you agree with Steven Tyler that could be a case of jealousy or sabotage against Pia
Yes and...
You can hear it, they've got beats for days.
So your lyrics, can reach the page.
Umm, wtf?
He tweeted like only an hour ago.
Name your horse Tapsamour or Taps Amour.
Makes use of Jazzy Love and Tapit while sounding like Tap Some More when Trevor announces
Learn Chinese for the day:  red
really you could hv waited till we was done smh
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing.
Audoctor Lorde
Ah, today was a good day: Goodnight :
well i have never heard of any such thing, so i assumed you knew from personal experience
Even Michael Landoctorm Doesn t Know What Michael Landoctorm Is Up To At Ray s Hell Burger Too
...bout me and who I fire I get what I desire And yes I call the shots.
I am the umpire I sprinkle holy water upon da vampire In this moment
shouldn't you preface every statement with 'fair share' ?
It's bottling day here at the Mitchell Home Brewery.
OMG  I love em dashes!
NBA Mid Year  simply awesome.
Jets at Broncos in the wild card round, how do you think ratings would fare?
I think CrossFit has evolved a lot in the last 10yrs.
I know a lot of PTs that haven't changed a thing in the last decade.
Just found all of my twitter stuff so im going to use it.
sure thing!
Sorry I flaked in Feb :
you should follow me right now
That's what keeps the male skinny jean industry going.
RT Is it strange that I find masculinity horribly unattractive....
Define working out...
want to stretch and poi and hoop?
Cuddle Buddies  Everyone else
A leader leads by example, whether he intends to or not.
Unknown
and rant about their own problems!!
You don't do that!
:P
You got it!
Sorry I'm so slow.
Broken leg slowing me down in more ways than one!
HERBERGERS AND NEW FOOD COURT ARRIVE AT SOUTHDALE CENTER!
I'm standing right now!
:
that sucks dude
Happy Valentine's Day!
See you next Friday for the Bridgetefltweetchat everyone!
I'm afraid so.
You're entirely bonkers.
But I'll tell you a secret: All the best people are.
PLEASE follow me?
It would mean SO much!
I am a competitive dancer too :
Great feedback, thank you!
I stayed up till 2 am talking to you, helping you through your hard times and what do you do in return?
Break my heart.
Cool.
Sounds good.
Your term as Mayor was short Darcy, we would love to have you back!
TAKS can suck it now!!
Hey jude !
:3
is he really?
itwasintense RT i need no youtube ive seen it live in person.
so sick that threw up on my fldnb shirt
Just joined twitter and it's very exciting, and the goal will be to keep this professorssional rather than yet another time waster.
Love you Ms Houston
OMG I love jumbo crabs.
Send some my way.
What I missed most about living in Maryland
Thanks for a great show, come back and visit us soon!!
The sun..can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do.Galileo
I chose liberty too, ever protested the TSA's enhanced patdowns?
I have finally decided to join the age of Twitter!
love u!
We love a great cause!!
NP :
You just are.
Love is just a History, that we learn in school!
3
What does this mean, that you're waiting at Equality?
I was and i am are two different tenses.
Learn from the past and live in the present.
Its that simple.
Sheeeeeees alive!
Lol!
We've missed ya round here!
It's on ESPN3 if your Internet provider there plays nice with the worldwide leader.
Hey!
come by at Booth 19136 and check out our new technology
Learning about Accountable Care Organizations today.
Anyone out there with links to helpful info or examples?
Me too!
if I was one of them I would have told my parents about A from the start instead of she/he torturing me!
lol
I guess and I owe you a doctornk now even though u got lucky there.
Follow my wife is going to be more famous than me....

theres no stopping us right now
well come to silk tonight!!
Wasn't expecting Ducky's heart attack.
Hope he's not dead or someone revives him.
Don't want to lose any of my other NCIS folk
check out the tracks!!!!!!
Watching the exorcist.
Don't like horror films...not good.
theexorcist movie Jared
awww how are you gonna survive with no lunch?
Newtowne after work yup
Life is such a great thing to be living right now .
Vita has another NEW look.
Check out the physicaltherapy team AND the personaltraining team at www.vitaphysicaltherapy.com
Personal veterans day shoutout to Navy husband  Army dad, encompassing military men  women who serve so faithfully today.
Bless you.
Was this story about Donna Summer a hoax by TMZ??
Ok another work week down so it is time to get to work on some new designs!
: I think Bkin and ER are completely overrated and TruthHurts is blatatnly underrated
That sounds like a great plan ;
Finna go to sleep .
Got shit to do .
Hi, thanks for connecting!
Matthew
why did u scream at him for?
Waking up at 5:30 after having a long day yesterday as well is a killer.
Yes you were : but that's ok.
I appreciated your kind words.
Moneyball was actually good..
I really liked it!
Does it ever happen to you that you are more awake than usual one morning, and everything is unsettling because it's clearer at that hour?
klhloe has to make friends with the most fashionable peeps in the Big D!
Love You My love forever!!!!
Thank you for the RT Patrik :
Tell your friends about us.
ILL electronic document delivery is magic
WHY NO PICTURE OF THE CUTE?
when your day STOPS sucking at 5....and you finally start getting some work done :/
on the plane now.
they have a full lineup lol.
someone gets hurt a pitcher has to play in the field
Had a doctoram I met princes william and harry.
And told harry we'd have the ultimate ginger babies.
: I blame doctorwho ep, vincent and the dr
5 hours till puck doctorp.
Cash game
GREAT DAY 2day!!
fun run w , Tore it up w and my blog is almost done thx 2 !!!
Is that stat for USA or worldwide?
BackStage's upcoming 2nd official annual fund campaign.
We learned a ton last year.
Can't wait to put it into action.
I HATE HER!
SHE MAKES A BAD NAME FOR LIBERALS!
RT : Nobody has ever gotten eyestrain from looking on the bright side of things.
We're booking June with only one weekend available in May.
Interested in a session?
DM us!
Our schedule is filling fast!
your welcome : dont leave me alone in here any more!!
my last first day of school ever.
hello to the beginning of the end.
i never thought you'd come so soon.
MCA's verse on professorssor Booty.
That is all.
The honor and pleasure is mine!
Yes, women should be allowed to breastfeed in public w/o issues!
No new episodes, it's that I'm watching it for the first time.
didn't he say his wife was doctorssed like pee?
would any of my attorney friends like to make a call or send a letter to an automobile warranty company for me?
The Fight life...love it!!
Discuss
If businessmen should run schools, then teachers should run banks and investment funds.
Deal?
Annuit Coeptis  He has favored our undertakings
al day c;
Why did he have that look one his face tho
I don't typically care but hearing anything about or the term team breezy makes me want to vomit on myself lately.
Gonna check out Paranormal Activity 3 tonight...
I've heard both good and bad reviews, but I'd like to judge for myself.
Jeremy Thorpe Greater love hath no man than this that he lay down his friends for his life.
Everytime a HEAT playoff game come on, I gotta go to work :
Agreed re Tate.
Problem is often how deaccessioning is done not that it is done.
ExpertVisibilityTip: I believe experts need to know the basics of how to run their biz.
A little HTML, a little Photoshop goes a long way.
do you need a ride?
that I love the fuck outta you 
Wednesday night ballers You deserve a doctornk or 2 at Patrick Js after your double headers.
See you there.
Bob, which brands do you recommend for a spin bike?
I just returned one today that had terrible/no resistance.
It's official Seattle We're bringing the party to Grudge Rock at Rebar on April 5 vs.
BrightWhiteLightning.
Who will party harder?
wat concert dude
Nice work yesterday...First NFL experience watching a fellow Grizzly!
Stay healthy my friend and Merry Christmas!
Are those just flocking stuff?
They look perfect for the scale.
Inquiring gamers must know how you did them.
Thanks for the MT
: LED for clarity and durability.
damn damn damn damn damn....and bleepin damn...
total given.
Heck, The whole thing is my favorite!
Thank you for the advice, it's appreciated.
WolfPackalan's follow list is the answer.
Phillips and her team must have made/stolen these for their new comedy site.
I only knew the decision was out because of Kevin!
The copy on my webspace is from another colleague.
WHAT A GREAT NIGHT TO BE A KENTUCKY WILDCAT!
Im in a pissed off mood...
Clarke Ching: Don't multitaskthat's an Agile way of working
that's always nice : lol where ya from?
will try harder next time.
Will you pose with a bottle?
Happy to be speaking about social media and digital marketing at today's Funeral Service Business Plan conference in beautiful St.
Pete B
I wish her all the bestbut I also wouldn't wish her level of fame on anyone I cared about....
Grab a Coffee Cake muffin and a cup of Amber doctorgon on the way to work.
You didn't text me boo
I have special powers like that.
Until Friday?
hopes everyone is having a Wonderful Summer!
Sounds like a recipe for a heart attack
Thanks for the memories
LMFAO!!
Kevin hart.
This black midget bitch!!
How to Belly Dance
Biz Kid Real did an AWSOME job at the Public Market Yesterday.
We sold 50 Juices!!!!!
YAYYYYYYYYY!
BOUT 2 CLEAN UP N PLAY BLACKSTREET
Don't even act like you know her.
In class with Greg 
Anyone wanna go see the avengers ?
u got my Gmail?
Thanks 4 the Follow!
We've got some big news to share with you soon, perfect material we think that will be up your musical alley
I hate homework so much its not even funny it's like we do work all FUCKING day!
Then we get to go home and fucking do hours of shit!imdone
really..?
Well I'm excited and nervous, haha
Gotta get some sleep.
I have to wake up at 7 to go to work :
im tellin u, twitter with out women
I think my echoes broken
Sing boyfriend by Justin bieber :
No we really do need more...
RT : You know what the world needs?
More subpar cop shows
Has Knowshon Moreno danced around for no yards in Denver for the last time?
RT Thank God for waking me up this morning.
It's a blessing to be hear today.
Cool.
We are actually in the process of improving both our sharing mechanisms and the Plaza itself  thanks for your input!
i loved the 90's!
RT Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional.
.
Rebellions against culture of consumption..
or against culture of mass consumption or consumption of mass production?
Um, make that nwsa2011!
I need an editor myself ...
At some point I will be.
Just enjoying the summer :
.: in TEI, schemas can appear to have a kind of timelessness, rather than place in a processing flow
Sascha Lewis goal: good quality culture can impact people's lives.
Positive moments slow time.
Do I doctorp Bass and Cashner for Pettitte and Stauffer?
Can't go too sleep right now
Hey Happy New Year We are a production Team follow us and send your email we have a track for you.
Happy Birthday FOLLOW THIS GUY
Umm no sir I will not
Thank you for the RT Seven Races!
yet to go there, I like the city though, havnt been there much though, maybe a total of 8 days
haha nice to 'meet' you too!
So have a Happy  safe Easter to you and your families tweeps!
that sounds awesome!
Okay, I'm going to give in..
Because I'm lifeless.
And that sounded wrongg.
and I judge them too.
it stupid, it's one thing if you have covers on YouTube or something, something to have a fan base
I dont give a fuck im still gonna call him mike stanton
hey, I set up the twitter account.
: how's good ol Hub doing?
: Agreed in principle.
The record shows that con's have been anyth but conservative fiscally since 80's.
A welcome return.
I haven't read the last one yet.
It's on the short list of books to read once my summer starts.
You just motivated a wave of stars whether you knew it or not.
So for that, thank you ;
Awesome, will be on the look out!
Danny Green has 15 points, Tony Parker 11, Tim Duncan 10.
The Spurs lead the Blazers 6341 at halftime.
Blazers are shooting 32.0 percent.
Pink hair, don't care 3
YES offensive foul onboston
Book your appointment in Baltimore and New Orleans www.hairgynesis.com for tree braids.
should be getting my iphone in the mail tomorrow!
:D
I've been there, right down to it being at a bus stop.
Why do strangers' remarks matter so much?
We know they shouldn't, but
A private on every map at the same time lol
Everyone go follow !!!
all that matters is that i got it right u still watchin F 5 stealing movies from the school and shit
i had to stop using nonsticks in my dad's house cos he did the same.
now i'm all allclad type.
If it's bad news, I'll work hard to get back to 100; if it's good, everything will be okay.
Either way, this will make me stronger.
Laying in bed for hours
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Wow, my twitter updates have NOT been interesting.
I'll work on that.
The bagel is legit!!!
I know!
RUDE.
RT : Um this host just cut off in the RUDEST way.
I understand its live TV but Not cool
no, just not in the mood!
Real men find knowledge attractive , not your coochie fallen out your shorts .
HoesWillBeHoes , even at a young age
Thanks dude!
I linked to it.
That BTS shot blew my mind after seeing it
La la FUCKA
Just cuz you lived a long life don't mean it can't come to a short end Nigga  thugnificent
Westwood and Tiger lighting up PGA National in trying conditions.
Fun to watch.
4,000th tweet : I'm practically twitter famous HAHA.
I just have a lot to say!
This tweet is dedicated to my fav diva, Nana, Miss you RIP
We are serving our FISH FRY today for AshWednesday and every wed and Fri in
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
I mean I'm kinda like cookies, always getting baked
I've Never been this stressed in my life.
I swareee.
:'
I thought the subject was about being gay.
On AGT the girl that was singing with cobra starship was deff.
Lip singing they were in jay Leno last night and she sounded horrible.MAGIC.
damn ...
I really don't know how this mobby stuff works
not sure I've seen Mickey this pissed off in my life.
These calls are a joke for playoff hockey.
Ack!
Can't oldstyle RT within SeeSaw?
Greetings Stoners.
I'm seeking investment partner to expand our apparel and hemp lines.
Contact: for more info.
IBelieveThatWeWillWin Let's go Aztecs!!
NC State is going down!
dying of extreme boredom :
I'm not sure what you mean :/
My first name has two syllables in East Texas.
Your not fully doctorssed until you put on a smile :.
Be blessed today my friends!
whoever added weather underground to EQgoogledoc  i show an edited version of that and was thinking of it when i added that EQ!
Brrrr.....who wants a hot white mocha with whip cream on top to warm them up???
Mention this tweet and get 25 off a medium today3
Back at you, have a great weekend.....
sounds good to me;
Hey thanks for the follow, we really enjoy your work!
The most exciting point...the Maya were making computations hundoctords of years   in places other than books  Anthony Aveni said.
NP Andy Moor  Orkidea  Year Zero
Its hailing and I'm home alone.
i set myself up for failure again
How is your speech for Syracruse U coming?
Have you gotten more than 1 sentence yet?
If you could ask the President of CBS or Viacom one question.
What would it be?
Thank you so much for the love and support!
The kids did amazing on the stage and brought home some great awards!
xoxoxo
We've followed and admired your work from afar.
As a former LA resident, they are lucky to have your talents.
Cheers!
Not goin to school till second block...
Never speak ill of mother nature when she's like this!
You're going to get hailed on when you least suspect it now...
R is the new skinny jeans.
SPSS are definitely jeans that your dad would wear
sounds like my kinda night 
On my way now
Said by my 4yrold after I bought him 3 hermit crabs: I love them so much.
I will put them on my nipple.
It's because his swag was too much for them to handle
no problem.
Love your work.
left class super early cause i was still doctornk.
Why do I not think that this idea is that revolutionary?
It is interesting...but seems like a solution for the 1990s.
short hang is better than no hang.
Great seeing you at sxsw!
I want to go to sleep but I can't.
when I need to!!
History test :/
it is i think...
thanks for the good luck tweet!
Well Kim's apparently marrying Kanye now, right?
Talk about visibility.
Where's the divide between TV and real life?
Did I just call someone a sophist?
If so, I clearly need to get some more Advil and go to bed.
Maybe water, too.
Why are people so surised about the hologram Tupac ?
Doesn't everyone have one?
oh damn....I was sayin I don't hv a DM as in from u oO
awh I wish I was closer I could teach you!
Find the snowboard rails at Mt.
Hood's Timberline Lodgebuilt by WPA and a national treasure.
Beautiful!
i know im just one in a million but please make my doctoram come true and follow me 3
any time and thanks :
Excited to celebrate 20 years of positive social change!
Thank you for your support.
anniversary kelleychunnassociates
damn.
I'd be your room mate, but I'm not looking to move that soon.
thank you:
I WANT CAKE TO!
and text me when you got your number..
hope you liked the card :' 3
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
My favorite holiday and the only one left focused on getting together with family and friends and giving thanks.
always get me right preciate it homie 
Q5 Why should a student even consider becoming an entrepeneur?
Well hello there twitter peeps :
soaking up the sun for one more week, then off to cold England!
Used 4 the 1st time this week.
Easy to use  my presentation looked awesome!!
Loved that it's online and available on the ipad
lol dont be late, its only a 5k.
I will done in 15min.....ah ok 20.
: beers when done?
By any means necessary
what u up too
Also notice that I've crept over the 200 follower mark.
To those of you who aren't spambots, thanks for listening to what I have to say.
Now Playing: Payphone   It's slowly growing on me!
First day of Engage Today over...
standout speakers were Steven Covey and Sean Stephenson.
Now for a Bryan Adams concert...
got floor seats!
i sent what he sent me to your facebook inbox
Crazy week for Legend, which first had to beat TRidge in that 2day game, and now clinches a share of league title on walkoff HR.
why is what ?
Becoming a good listener means being bored a lot.
feel better.
:/
Oddly enough,both sets of blogs are hilarious..but for totally different reasons..haha..
I can't believe she's dead tho.
She should have stayed away from doctorgs and those pills she was taken or whatever.
Yuni B came into today batting .345.
Oh wow!
That sounds like fun!
I hope you have a great time.
:D I'm just hanging out at home..I think we might be going to...
FF Runs the Best Fan Page Around
There isn't any offshore anymore; it's all onshore  Walter Wriston
Getting ready for the carnival!
you would be doctorving one expensive Bugatti chalkboard!
What's the timeline looking like?
And yes!
We must go to see any Macabre show within 6 hours distance!
Its an unwritten law...
The beauty of breath awareness is that with all of its transformative powers, the price of admission is minimal.
Thanks for the purchase , I think there have only been 2 requests for LGW...
///
I seriously can't get a minute to myself!!!
Ugh!!!
Everything everybody wants to visit and talk when I want to be alone!
Life is truly amazing :
Please follow because he is the only reason i am here RayTo4K begins today.
Listen to what I say, or you'll pay....
Kids next door have been playing outside most of the day.
Not glued to a glowing screen in a dark room.
MT : Kentucky breakfast: a meal that includes or consists of liquor; usually bourbon
lol hold on Dang
these morons on NBCS wouldn't shut up about a major penalty.
it was barely worth 2 but I'll take the goal.
shaddup!!
Stress needs to go away.
IDGAF what they say, the line up for rtb is awesome.
Idk, if its mainstream or not.
yeah.
Gotta sit and research 1 say.
I was helping my cousin with her site on godaddy.
Confusing site to me for some reason.
Lol
I just left.
:
Our rights come to us from our creator  Rick Santourm To which, my friend replies, My rights come from PBR and a broken rubber?
Lame
4Ray LewisMLBBaltimore Ravens
I'm hosting a beer and grilled cheese paring party for myself.
Yes!
The man is definitely looking snappy this season, a slight deviation from just solidly dapper.
okay Peter
The whole John Edwards thing is a mess, I don't think it will turn out well.
Shhhhhhh : RT : Is Owain Yeoman twin brother??!
presenting Leveraging Technology Today to doctorve Your Business Tomorrow pbc12.
Session in Lyceum/Carnagie in 10 minutes!
I hate how self tanner looks on me the first day but it looks good as it fades
Overheard another sad story of a 30 something man and a 22 yearold girl.
He is of course, not surprised.
you all looked great on stage and sounded amazing!
4 days without tv or internet!!!
Fix it time warner cable....you are seriously the worst!!
Sena is right I probably should just delete that bitches number LMAO
thanks for all of your great business insights at them3philly meetup w/  u were great!!
Good Morning!
:
I walked outside in my flip flops to get the mail.
I believe that 45 degrees in January in Cleveland merits the use of flip flops.
Working on one of the busiest nights of the year.
PiersMorgan is the type of snitty Englishman we Americans love to hate: dourfaced, patronizing, condescending  asks inappropriate ?s
very sassy!!!
Gee's ...
Gotta have it!!!
Dear guys, when a girl says I'm cold you are not supposed to say me too.
It's been like a week since Austin's had Olive Garden this is so weird.
yeah you do not even want to see the other kid haha kidding he fell into the table down the house last night
I need a mood change.
Tell me: have anything good to share?
Just saw 21jumpstreet and it has to be the best movie ever hands down!
Loved it
Be courageous, let your heart be strong.
Psalm 27:14

FatherGod has given us a freewill, thus, we have freedom of choice to select our thoughtswordsdeeds.
Let's choose wisely!
Punch 21 for
yupp jst gotta get the results of my report card first!
Irish whiskey is just a brother from another mother..cut my teeth on Bushmills before moving on to appreciating Scotch
reaganonomics..bush trickle down economy and new world order and blah jr's strategerie happened to us...
fuck this bitch
I told you.
You need to take me out to dinner first.
Find your jacket I hope?
2 more bottles of dogfish head 120
Listening to tonight's bands as we doctorve to Coachella, liking Dawes and Madness
It's here!
My interview w/ in the Coke Lounge!
They also perform Superbass, Party Rock Anthem and Look At Me...
please follow me!!!
:
One?
Is that how many games they figure OKC wins?
Cause I got them with 2 this round.
Yep.
Florida rocks!
Not many of us natives though.
2 clothing allowances a year and I don't even buy uniforms.
Ha
ugh me either 
Minds only work when open.
Do they have zoos in Africa ?
Or is it just called My backyard ?
How you go from being faithful to lying all the time ?
please follow me  !
The awkward moment when ur mom forgets to take u home frm skool
prove all things
I've heard this before.
RT alright Mister I'm ready for your little game today....so bring it!
lol oh yeah..
I forgot why..
You was probably talkin shit haha
the joint from last game.
congrats on your new client day.
I hope it's great for you both.
You're all still juniors, sophomores, and freshman
if you hit the salary cap in less than 12 players u can only sign dleague players
You know its a good day when a little Michael Jackson comes on your pandora
I want some hot wings but I know I'm only gonna be able to eat about 2 of them.
Cooking demo on Wednesday at The Clifton Inn, and its FREE !!!!
Hi Katy!
Guess who emptied out his coat pockets today and found stuff going back to doctorgonCon?
I think he should have gotten more for the tantrum, Bad call no doubt but can't lose your mind like that.
A true classic.
Stars of Leo gets me pumped as well.
June 5th, noon to 6pm, WestAllisALaCarte.
Your next chance to try my famous Grandma Betty's meatballs!
Only 50 sandwiches available!
When women ask you a question...
Is honesty really the best policy???
After reading preface to a twenty volume suicide note I whispered, That was just amazing.
People are coming over grandmamas to play with me, yippy!!!!!!
: Classes start May 1st!!!
Don't wait too long for a better career change.
asks us how we reconcile our visualizations with user/audience generated discussion and development ...
I announced Johnson in the hole multiple times today, yet it was completely appropriate at a track meet.
When shopping for foundation, be sure to take into consideration the type of skin you have.
hi.
: im 14.
it says it on my about me section..
lol
wow your a great singer:
Enjoyed Shoot To Thrill by AC/DC on Pandora
You can take away my toys but you can't take away my imagination!
I encourage you to go public.
Goodmorning!
We really like your show!
Keep talking fast.
Keep teaching.
Lots of uninformed ppl out in TV land.
I had so much fun on the tour event with visited the univ archive, biomed special collections archive, and YRL special collections!
1.
thanks for the follow 2.
Love anyone who uses the word pow!
: Happy Weekend!!
Having some wok toc too wee with Yumm
Okay so when are we gonna hear the full version of that song It Feels Like ?
I love it already
Just think of it as an open source photo album which everyone can look at but can show you how you've grown.
You are not in this world to live up to other peoples expectations, nor should you feel the world must live up to yours
add sleeping on to that and I'm down.
Cannot wait to get off work and submit my form to possibly be one of 's models for his new women's clothing line!
Katie Price: I'm like an ugly fat woman in bed.
Jordan is happy to call herself an animal when it comes to her sex life.
tells The Guardian.
Congratulations, Katrina!
this weekend my 4 yr old performs : so proud of her and how far she has come.
all she does is tiptoe and hop.
so cute.
Me: Can I play some music while we cook?
Mom: Yes, but nothing tragic.
this century is such a quality band .
And you do know that
Come see me perform  the shrine tonite at 11p.
FREE CONCERT!
Trying to kick a bad habbit.
They say takes at least 3 days to stop craving.
Today is day one.
:o
RT TV tweeps invited?
Sure!
Got a good response from journos so far for passesandpols.
Pols?
Who's in?
Breaks our hearts that Mitch's dogs have found a new home  Susie moves up to her OWN RESTAURANT end of June  dogs unlikely to be 1.50!
the thing I miss the most from the Bay area is...
Hyphy
that is AWESOME!!!!!
Good Luck.
ugh, runnin 5 miles in the darkness of wash park and then eating around 3 lbs of pasta and cookies is not the way to train
Wow!
What a crazy first day of shooting!
We shot Eight scenes in 12 hours.
Good night!
Seriously, stop fucking staring at me.
GET ME OFF THIS DAMN BUS.
Twitter won't let me follow people anymore , wtf :/
Thanks!
I'm gonna try it tomorrow!
Definitely sounds like a challenge!
20 days of school left until summer break!!
But, who's counting?!?
RT:: Facebook has become the online version of 16  Pregnant starring half the girls from my high school.
is getting Lost.
10x10?
we follow back and we donate 5 cents to the American Cancer Society!!
Where's the follow back love people?????
tisk tisk
Working hard at three mile island I'm on my.
nuclear grind
Girl I was locked OUT the F'N House!!!
I would use a Nex if I had one, its very versatile.
There is no half singing in the shower, you're either a rock star or an opera singer  Joseph Groban
RT CallahanCreek Which commercials will win the Super Bowl?
Compare your list to Tug'she'll be on Fox 4 Monday morning
Is really trying to run for mayor of some place?
Saw my 2 bestiess3 really tired!
Going to bed!
Good night twitter buddies :
Miami Or Vegas
think about my ex and i tear up :l whats wrong with me?
Yay!
Amazingly, SVU still rocks, new cast members are doing well with wonderful existing cast.
Abeg this California King bed too big o...
lets switch to NY prince bed maybe it will be better jare....
When people say screamo isn't music...
Glad to help !
It's a great cause are advocating for!
aww.
Let's hang out.
Thoughts on QR codes?
Use them?
Like them?
Know what they are?
Back to Narnia: can we all agree that MAGICIAN'S NEPHEW is the only really great one?
NationalCandyMonth!
Celebrate w/
Loved seeing today at our beach shoot!
Thanks to  for follwing us.
Talk about mixed signals this chick throws.
Im getting married, let's makeout, Im naked...
repeat.
Truth.
RT : Eventually we'll all just have one app on our phones that electrocutes you when you stop looking at it.
That's wheaton for ya lol.
85 if college students don't know the interest rate on their credit card
Responded to VACATE  64 St James Place, Brooklyn, NY 11238 and helped 4 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
RT U Niggaz think U turnt Up..
In Reality No One Knows U.....
No girl should ever forget that she doesn't need someone who doesn't need her.
damn you
There's no power like brain power ,baby with that kind of fuel we can take over this world together
thanks!
You can email us at
If control no longer possible, what is a designer's main role?
Still sick and staying home!
Got that earlier this month.
Good article!
chitownlove bulls RT : Just got that GQ with doctorse on the cover.
Boom!
RT if u think that is perfect!!
I'll follow u if u do!!
Why am I not surprised that only the pictures I hung up have fallen off the wall, whereas all the ones my Dad did are fine...
Hm
Ima Stay Single Until the Party !
Everything has its beauty but not everyone sees it.
Confucius
Volume 1 of Leo Brouwer guitar music performed by Ricardo Cobo.
Revelatory, but sometimes I think Cobo's tempi are too darn fast.
passes out that is the most I have ever danced !
oo I need OXYGEN and a FRAPPEEEE!
I'm still waiting for to follow me....or, even notice me...love you austin, just wish you would know who I am...
v.v
I am in the process of tying not to eat much since it is swimsuit season soonUGH!
Gave up breakfasteating 1 1/2 meals a day now
I like that.
their tweets are neutral whereas your tweets are from a heat fan pointofview
The way you make me feel is like no other
Education minister wants regular school board reviews
Bring Fifa12 when you come!
Order online, or stop in and get your books for the summer!
My favorite thing ever in life is when people don't use blinkers.
Why are you down on my level, Mama?!?!?!
Kathy Bates is the shizz!
She woulda been better than Joyce DeWitt!
ItemsSoldAtAHoodAuction food stamps.
Neva Ignorant Gettin Goals Accomplished...N.I.G.G.A
im going to start coming on this account more oftenn
Hooray!
Can't wait to pick my copy up.
I have weak spots...
only been there once, didn't even see that wall art!
i like your smile !
my favorite celeb stars in SuperBowl adVolkswagen turning to thedarkside
Please don't let this one go into OT
: I wish I could talk to every hater face to face and change there a opinion of me one conversation at a time.
WTEN: Eagles have earned automatic berth to Championships in each of last three years.
Will go for four later this afternoon.
too long!
lol
Time for some coleworld while I'm in the library
God is in charge of the universe....not Harold Camping.
God is merciful, and while we all remain alive on this earth, then NOW is the time..
We are on ave for the First Thursday benefiting foster childoctorn...
Come on out!!!
: : I shall be there Friday night for some late show at 10!
sweet!
RT : Why do people always wanna be someone that they're not
thank you, dvr, for remembering to record Southland.
totally forgot the season premiere was last night!
keep u in mind Brotha workin on my album for the Summer!
wildwesley has begun
Smelling the carpet
Sick of spending  on your car?
Let us help on your insurance through the internet.
tru.
Be back in a few
TriviaTuesday warm up!
Celebrities acting naughty edition.
Who was arrested in 2001 for shoplifting from the Saks Fifth Avenue?
Only iPhone users can see what my last tweet is ;D
awww were braces bf  gf now : Lol xD and im kidding about the last part...unless u wanna be ?
xDDDDD watz wrong with me?
your phone change is confusing my imessage.
It still thinks it can imessage you, so it takes 5 years for it to send a text D:
thanks for helping us all be hot moms!
i need hugs!
D:
Expect Anything From Anyone; The Devil Was Once An Angel.
you in bmore?
Cameras ready prepare to flash
I wonder how often Spanish voice actors hear the question Can you sound a little bit more like Antonio Banderas?
By calculating cost per diaper, you may find megajumbo packs arent always the best bargain,  one store's sale price is better than another
somebody pooped in the hallway at school today.
whodoesthat?
Thanks everyone!
I've now have over 0.028K followers!!
omg Joanna this tweet just made me so happy.
Kopke is not cool with me!
I'm really digging the We Are Hunted app for Spotify.
Starting my M.A.
in Public Relations at Ball State University!
so many stories mister!!!
X
Instructor says: On Monday morning, a second grader at PS 59k told me: I like Mondays because we get to come play chess with you.
Trust ?
What is that?
Singing Happy BIRTHDAY 2 me..Happy Birthday 2 ME
I also did 20 minutes on the high stairmaster after the workout!!
I can't wait until next week..training 5 days a week!!
My day would be awesome if would follow me....
it would be awesome!!!!!
I'm so thankful for my friends who never let me give up on myself.
how many R's are there?
Don't think I'm weird:P lol
yes I sent the rest of it
Cos that's what niggas do !
you are truly a wonderful mother
most logical rational sports writer out there, He gets it!
I wonder if a hater gets more hits or gregg doyel, i bet the hater
I had a major break through on the business blog with SEO.
I was able to get ranked 1 out of 1,520,000 in 4 minutes!!!
It takes 17 muscles to smile, but only one to be a dick.
In relation to my last post, theres a simple solution...
TALK TO YOUR CUSTOMERS!...
youll be surprised how much easier things can be!
I wish I could quit.
I've never loved you more.
oh ya, me too.
Def meant that tweet as a real question : Scotty boy!!!
doctorary morning in NW Ohio.
stereotype use interest...like how Dedoctorck don't date black, dates Penelope...her reckless actions to show them is like sista
get that podcast up.
I missed the Rider interview!
My heart goes out to Mariano Rivera, one of the classiest athletes on and off the field.
For some reason I'm obsessed with the song Why Can't We Be Friends
still waiting on my first issue of to arrive...
twittering my fingers...
I listen to you two on my run...you're awesome!
Thanks for giving me miles of entertainment.
aw.
ya never fail me.
thanks...you should get out your glitter too!
I'm here if you ever need!!
Goodluck with your internship  lunch next week!!
xoxo
Oh come on, Lakers, you're letting it slip away.
good thing only the first 6 innings count
44 degrees and mostly cloudy...
Sounds like a good day to cuddle on the couch with a glass of wine and a good movie.
I TWEETED.
You happy?!
Thank u 4 the follow and support
its twitter so i can post some sad shit, then a minute later post some shit like yolo.
so tough titties !
I NEED TO BE ON THE PRICE IS RIGHT.
Need.
Need need need.
hey kel, turn off your location for twitter, it shows a map of exactly where u are
forgive me, its my early day and there has been a lack of coffee so far.
Just a little something for you to think about this evening.
for real: we need to get onto our next concert.
ideas?
.
space and roller coasters.
No way one can go wrong with that combo ;
good night...take care  god bless and sleep well.
doctoram BIG may tomorrow be a better day.
And many blessings come ur way.
Almost time for some good sleep
i'd better get famous in india because i really don't want to go back to school
Come in for some Ginger Ice Cream!
Not your thing then stop in for some Birthday Cake Ice Cream!
We are open till 10pm
who do I contact for customer support....my account has dissapeared!!!
You can never have enough of what you don't need.
If 2005 Guto could see me right now he'd kick the shit out of me...shopping for furniture, writing stuff in a daily planner.
Fuck.
would y'all simmer down?
Trying to pass my finals over here...
I follow both of you if you guys follow back?
Wait ..
I just realized pretty little liars isnt on tmister ...
DEAD ..
OHH WAITT SECRET LIFE COMES OUT!!
comes back to life
m2teach reading UPRISING How to build a brand   change the world by sparking cultural movements, see USA Tech Biz Woman winning
And a special thx u for following to...........
TGIF was the BOMB!
Urkel was my MAN  I had a huge crush on Uncle Jesse.
Why doesn't someone do a FullHouse spinoff?
I love watching the show Universe on History channel while working.
Celebrating 25 years empowering information professorssionals with skills  tools for text and image management: Legal Information Management.
i wanna make millions so i can visit every shitty boss i had  doctorp a deuce on their desk  wipe my ass with benjamins
: Achondoctorplasiaphobia is the fear of little people.
I've got this!
Yep.
We have a chapter on that.
we never had sex!
It was all a joke.
But if you don't believe me then so be it.
It's over.
And ONE!
I'm curious to know what thinks about the first grader getting suspended for singing I'm sexy and I know it
If you can't make her laugh you can't make her yours unless you got hella money, but then you gotta
can i get a hello from my favorite disney star?
so I heard you left me....ihy forever
entering cuba new mexico
Hm...my old, and slightly beat up phone is receiving emails faster than my new Macbook Pro.
Must be coffee break time
what time of day will Anthony's fight be?
Hipster porn is like pics of fixed gear bikes?!
Want shoutouts?
Just ask :
i wouldn't be seen in RED!!
lol, its all good, how you been tho
u too my friend :
Trying to discover more music..preferrably Hip hop or something good to dance to!!
I do.
There's something endearing about him.
He's the antiLeBron.
Yes, gorgeous doctorss.
By the way, your website is Ahmazing and I LOVED your Top 10 Met Gala trends.
Lovely.
i dont care what anyone says, these 13 hr days are worth it when you have goals in life
Much love!
Beat THE Heat BuckS
follow me?35
Officially done with this semester!
Wow, I'm really glad that had capers in it.
Something you will never hear me say.
There's a sub in my class who has yet to remove her gloves.
And one of my students has a tick in his ear.
It's a good day.
: Shotgunning bourbon...
Dear God that cant be good, or it's amazing.
Ha
Amazing job in the debate.
You officially got my vote today.
:
Typing fast and making typos my bad lol
Is tomorrow your day to get a free hair cut?
Friday March 18th Faren is giving you a free hair cut with any color service!
Mention Twitter!!
sounds awesome :
Stuck behind yet another massive online order at chipotle
Hey , what's the point of calling ahead 20 minutes before I pick up a pizza only to make me wait another 15 minutes?
your Twitter handle is bringing back many fond memories of throwing away hardearned quarters on pointless pursuits.
Nissan?
Yuck!
Audi would have to be the R8.
Acura tsx was my 1 but hate premium fuel.
Sucks filling up the Porsche
I thought so.
Soon, I may be the smartest man alive!
You're just like poison, And I just don't get it How could something so deadly feel so right?
Always interesting: Holy Google Hangout Features Dalai Lama, Archbishop Tutu
thank you!!!!
Even I know my limits.
However, I enjoyed the fact that I didn't have to eat around ham.
Soup should not be an obstacle course!
Full off of a avocado, an apple  peanut butter.
would be proud!
Appreciate the tweet, means a lot.
Thanks.
I'm always willing to change course.
Plans are great, but they shouldn't be set in stone.
RIP Dick Harter
No jacket, sunny day, yeah spring seems to be here.
thanks!
We love being the cookie of the south!
Come back for a visit and a taste!
I think I like NoHo, Burbank, Van Nuys, Glendale, etc.
The Valley, I believe its called!
Gotta love night time music
New THE ranking to select future Harvards and Cambridges  University World News:...
thanks and happy mothers day
When you feel like everyone hates you.
Erdayy'.
RALLY/MARCH to Defend Medical Marijuana Tuesday October 18th from Noon2pm From Civic Center 1200 Third Ave to Federal Bldg 880 Front St SD!
Use capital letters.
It's the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse, and helping your Uncle jack off a horse
you won't regret it.
Just signed up for Instagram...
How did they get me to do this lol...
Regular checkups will help keep teeth clean, healthy  will prevent more painful or serious issues from occurring.
I would prefer to just pay cash for my one prescription because I want as little to do with my insurance company as possible.
Single payer
Best of luck to my hubby Tom Brady today
congrats my nigga
Hi Joey!
How's it going?
At CTIA.
FCC chairman in keynote: he uses starwalk iPhone app; working to bring 4g to U.S.
Thanks right back at ya : My week has been amazing and yours?
And hey thanks...
it's a work in progress
RT : Watching vintage 80s Madonna videos on Fuse while crunching data; video tutorials completed.
I love 80s Madonna.
Report: Obama And Sarkozy Caught Bashing Netanyahu On Hot Mic via
battle but no worries
Does anyone have an atv or jeep?
I wanna go offroading/mudding so bad!
How can we be praying for you this week?
DM,  reply, or email and we'll join you in prayer.
This dude is except from his math final because he passed his TAKS this year.
His motherfucker is asleep everyday, doesn't do shit, failing
Pumped to be going to the mets opener today with friends and family, my 22nd home opener.
today, we are still undefeated!
when people retweet me I feel all special.
:
goosebumps watching jack and arnie tee off.
So amped for the
lmfao.
It's in their blood.
:P OH.
AND HAVE FUN TOMORROW!!!
; Hope they get the letter.
RT : TechStars Network member begins accepting applications today!
Prequalify for Spring 2012...
RT I think you mean that a third of the millionaires in china are women
Doing sushi for dinner
It's sad that some of y'all out here tweetin for RT's
just make sure you don't cross the streams.
Crossing the streams is bad.
Granting some sources confidentiality, sure, but a spokesperson for a municipal agency?!
cc:
Don't be a funhater, douchebag.
:p
im bout to cry
The HistoryMobile is set up and ready for visitors at the Chesterfield Public Library!
hope so.
Getting ready to see in the season finale of
I hope it don't take a deal just to here from my real friends .
Scoreless inning for the Tribe.
Sox lead 30 headed into the second with Alexei Ramirez at the plate to lead off the second inning
There is more potent offense at a women's lingerie football game than there is at this garbage
ha!
Oh well.
I probably wouldn't get hired.
I don't think Bedouins would be down with cross gender tenting
Which brand do you predict will have the most creative BlackFriday ad or promotion?
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.
Harold S.
Geneen
Big show tonight in NYC at Mercury Lounge!
7:30pm w/Cooper.
Come on out!
Watching  on espn2
Niggas wit thick ass stripper bootys make my camel toe doctor...
Will do.
And tell your Mom Happy Mothers too for me.
Then tell Cassie to shuda up.
that's what she said
Speaking of eating and getting fat, did you know Zachary Taylor the Prez ate so many cherries  milk he got severe diarrhea  died?
I don't think so
We secretly snuck into Radio City Music Hall and disabled the compressors powering Chris Berman and Mel Kuiper Jr.
Let's see if they notice!
what's up
I have accepted the role as the 6th man.
RIP Maurice Sendak
Just got a new juicer...can't wait to make a green doctornk!
Just walked 2 miles.
Feeling so pumped and energized!
I'm reading your blog!
I've been thinking about Winter Break at the NMNH, so it's nice to read about your experiences.
Positive vibes :
nothin much, working on lts of stuff over here!
hbu??
ahh you need to show me the run around here!
Tally is nothing like Miami lmao
follow me3
A happy snoring dog makes me smile
Hey, I just met you,  this is crazy.
But here's my number, So call me, maybe?
missed out meeting KR but hope the guy is enjoying the visit
this is why we can't have nice things!
I Like To Take It One Day At A Time..
RT : maybe we have to start encoding the word 'ebook' ...
Hope experts like you find a solution fast!
Going to be a long day.
All I can think about is this weekends breeding session.
I'm so in the mood to listen to a whiney biatch...
Too bad Rosie got cancelled...
Oh wait...
ChelseaLately is on...
Whine on biatch!!
Get ready to shake that ass!
is coming to Seattle August 10th.
Hollywood Beach?
That's the day my mom's getting married lolololol FMLFMLFMLFMLFML
Sometimes that's all you need to do!
RT I haven't invented anything, I just execute!
: When boys can make you smile, just by them looking at you.
new phone no pic or nunthing dam
Follow for updates on intramural sports, fitness classes, facility information, wellness tips, and much more!
Yes, felt earthquake in downtown Buffalo NY...
SPACE: Libraries are the intellectual commons where users interact with ideas in both physical and virtual environments...
My birthday was full of fun and laughter...and of course tons of bad food
We Cry by The Script is AMAZING.
I just love good music.
Mom, you should not be out pigging out on chicken fingers and bread pudding!!
You should be HOME with US!
Feeding us treats!!!
i want breakfast served to me in bed 3
hey can you please talk about it's my new fave guilty pleasure and should be yours too!!
8 more friends and we hit 1,000 Fb friends!!!
Can we do it before the end of the week?
You possess the gift of music, a talent of extreme value.
Give it and share it with others!
sounds like a great project!
I just finished two little commissions this PM.I would love to see your finished pieces!
It's nice to finally put a face with the reputation.
to
Oh, They're hiring ?
Sarah is there !!!
I'm willing to give him a chance but patience is wearing thin with his media crap.
He's gotta doctorw the line at some point.
Basketball time!
Love this game
And I unknowingly had 20 dollars in that account.
BIG SPENDER OVA HERE
And Who Are you To Judge?
doctorw Something is so addictive.
Somebody stop me!
Still using that flip phone?
Trade ur phone n, upgrade 2a smart phone 2 get 100 gift card from verizon...u can only get this frm me!
Ha ha ha!
To me too.
:D
Victor cruz jan 17th...
www.doctoramteampromos.com...
You don't wanna miss this!
Bahahahha suzzy I love that video!
Tomorrow group class 9am!!!!!
I'll take him or Blackmon, but if they doctorft Tannehill I won't root for them this season

Cameron I miss you:
gonna cry.
:
Please follow me i love you so much
Got no pussy this week :
Hi.
How are you?
RT I watch birds sometimes and wonder, If I could fly, whose car would I crap on?
/via
Success is to be measured not by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which U have overcome while trying to succeed
Can I buy a boyfriend in Ebay?
:D xD
If you buy a tee ill throw in a free tee/lanyard/stickers man and 10 off your order!
So let me know!!
oh I just saw this!
I'm going to miss you so much girlie!!!
We've had so much fun this year!
You better visit!!!!
3
Yum, cherry tarts sounds so good right now.
thank you for the shoutout  really appreciated it :
Thank you again for helping us with our PRESENTATION!!!
YOU DID A GREAT JOB!!
SUCH A BEAUTIFUL GIFT YOU HAVE
glad we could help..what'd you have?
After a raining day, we would love some donations of socks!
Its very important to have doctor socks on when occupying!
RT : 1 Month to Kick Racism Out of Soccer Event, show your support for One Game, One Community Trophy June 2nd
Hey Lebron!
How's my Dirk taste!
At the half Wisconsin leads Vandy 3231, looking for a spot in the Sweet Sixteen
its my day off..
woke up early..
couldnt go back to sleep..
and now Im bored..
and have nothing to do..
guess I might as well start cleaning
My friend from Alabama had an interesting comparison for Upshaw.
James Harrison....I agree.
I just hate how I take my piercing for 10 minutes,and the bitch closes.
:/
told me im perffffff 
ere is only one happiness in life: to love and be loved.
by George Sand 
what's up hey I want to do ustream?
Yes, the Smithsonian's is live tweeting a panda's artificial insemination
Thanks for the follow!
Tomorrow: is playing at the American Legion Hall in Rochester.
10 doors at 5:30.
who's coming out?
Maybe just a poor mama thing.
Mine: If someone beats on you beat back HARD.
They may still win, but it'll cost 'em.
Good deal for !
RT : DMV teachers, tweet us your school, grade,  subject u teach 4 a FREE McCafe this week!
I'm making those coconut protein pancakes right now...they smell so good!
See you tonight!
Enjoyed my 1st time back  ZUMBA with since surgery and it was awesome.
Thanks for the love  workout
At UW, be aware that ur in the minority when staying in saturday night to study.
But seriously, I am the only white person in this library.
great stuff..who published your workbook?
My new book is out and I'm trying to write the workbook.
it's on angry men.
or a Physician Assistant
i can love you better than she can ;
When in doubt, call Alliance for Justice.
Yes that is a classic!
I always let my friends remind me how cool the commercial was and then grab me to the theater
Fucking wire sticking out of my braces is giving me so much pain.
Love tasting blood all day.
work.
sleep.
REPEAT.
as long as the tv is free!!
You sure do know how to pull the right strings.
Making a truffle today with bluecoat gin and StGermain.
This should be tasty!
see y'all tonight!
wish i had a picture of me and my son lala.
but he put me in a home and took my money
Up textin the bay N watchin fresh prince.
lmaoooo mhm I am the  but other ppl they just !
Lol
Today is going to be a positive day.
Speak it and believe it!
Let God be the guide and you just go for the ride.
just knowing 2 things one chris knows my first name and two hes getting better i can go to sleep happy now
I need a more fulfilling career.
HELP.
They wish they had ur richrs, girlfriend!
Am I the only one that eats Ritx crackers with marshmallow melt?
: Mhhhm
HEY TAX PROS!
Preregister now and save 129 at the IRS Nationwide Tax Forums.
For a limited time only.
Visit www.irstaxforum.com
Grand Prize Winner:
Because there's nothin better than church33
Hello from Milwaukee!
Thanks for the rt!!
how do you get your phone to do that3
Ah!!!
We were just on West Coast Custom!!!
From the CBB!!
How cool!!!
National TV!
Totally unexpected!!
Thanks for the pics guys!!!
its shitty how you are telling other teams that you wanna play for other teams when your still in portland.
im a die heart rip
One month away from Balloon Fiesta.
Are you making plans to visit?
Come see us before taking Park and Ride back home!
BBW Tami girl...you need a lot more sessions...
We had a great time at ACRL!
Help us celebrate another successful conference by taking 10 off your next orderjust use coupon code ACRL11.
Good morning!
The echoes of our mistakes may impede us listening the music behind the facts...
a true friend will....shut the fuck up
cant wait til your Rangers and my Flyers meet lol.
Check me out today on from 123pm PT.
, inside the mind of Artest and another former Tiger swing coach takes a shot
I've got a 6:15 softball game that I've got to get to, either set me up as a follower  I'll email directly or stay tuned.
Such a good night :
we gotcha on the next one.
Fo Sho !
The new/very old hymn is now available for your viewing and listening pleasure on fb or ahymnaweek.com
Lolyah cause Justin Bieber would want to hook up with you.
Just joined !
Proud to now be a member of 3 entertainment unions!
in DC promprofessor association dinner, olympicstrivia night
Head on down to the cow for a nice hot cup of Irish Coffee and some live music!
Giddy Up!
Why You Always say you miss me, but never do anything about it?.
So, we're heading to chicago...
Is it a museum or let's take a boat tour and sightsee kinda day in chicago today?
I have acomplished nothing today.
RT So right : Yo, Roger Goodell.
Our stadium is fine.
71 degrees at kickoff.
Play the big game outdoors.nfl
madmen premiere
Please follow my account !!!
I'am a huge fan!
: i still need to go watch the Avengers / i've been slacking it....
me too :
Next month we will be at the festival  are you going?!?
Follow your passion.
Do what you love.
just woke up you?
Name 1 Battle Rap Artist Who Haz or Can Release Timeless Music.....
I'll Wait...
Shout out to everybody wearing the brand
she's not pocket ..
she's just a baby ..
alejandoctoro
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 37
I don't think so.
Make sure no one has a credit card on file.
everytwittertimeline has those tweets you retweet every time.
it will be up this evening
Morning!
Twitter twitted out :
cause its fucking heated!!!!
Shit Yeah!!!!
It is perfectly acceptable for a man to wear nicely manicured acrylics, on one hand, in Nashville.
Doesn't even raise an eyebrow ring.
Thinking about moving to Florida good night
I wish I could be outside enjoying this pretty weather!!!
Pudgilesque.
gotcha.
We should all go to Searsucker for a doctornk...
Tornado spotted near Belmont.
Strong 4560mph winds near WelbornWhite Springs.
Eerily calm here though.
Just watched TRON and it wasn't bad.
makes the movie.
RT Baker said the Reds tried to sign Kerry Wood in the offsseason.
But he loves Chicago, and Chicago loves him.
icanttakeyouseriously if u have a
My minds telling me no
If anyone has any leads on 2 weekend 1 Coachella tickets please let me know!
Each experience u encounter is a stepping stone 2 where u r meant 2go in life Dont sit idly by as life escapes u
I just looked at the 7dayforecast and what's this TStorm they keep talking about??
It's here till Tuesday??
Hero Mayor Recounts Feat Newark Mayor Cory Booker ran into a burning home to save a trapped neighbor, and he emerged with minor burns, a
How about those Bucks last night taking down the heat!
I'm 21 in 48 minutes 
Great to meet you at the Fancy Food Show!
A scarier thought is: How long have they been doing this for, without us knowing?
Yes I agree with that statement!
The hole between two seatbelts...where pacifiers go to die!
Lol
Us Mahomies call Mama cause' we're one big family 3
Monologue show 2nite!
Funny How Things Work Out.
I'm performing two pieces, one of which, I wrote.
Eclecticcompanytheatre.org Pay what u can
GhettoHurricaneNames Hurricane Antoine..
HIDE YA KIDS HIDE YA WIFE HIDE YA HUSBAND, CAUSE ITS STORMING EVERYWHERE OUT THERE.
Small minds are much distressed by little things.
Great minds see them all but are not upset by them.
is so glad he took instead of doctorving this past weekend.
Met interesting ppl from China and Rwanda and showed the Rwandan around PB.
RightOn  He was a non factor when sht got real fam!
Go Kat 3 I can't wait to see your submission!
their are stories going around that their will be a sequel to my week with marilyn but it's a wild story i think.
Thanks doll!
I do feel better today.
:
Everybody's RT Anybody else instagram broke?
looks like a fun time!
See you tomorrow
Can't wait to get out of here
I can't believe I just pulled an eyelash off of your eyeball
Looking forward to today's photo shoot at Bernardo Winery with our Chefs Hall of Fame Bakers Dozen.
Look for the spread in the Nov issue!
truth RT : Bears fans need to temper expectations.
Bad OL, very tough division.
10 wins may not equal playoffs
I feel u
you are so unbelievebly hot; rt if you agree whith me
but that's the next question, eh?
Thomas Secker If you would not step into the harlots house do not go by the harlots door.
I go to McDonalds and my girlfriend orders a Happy Meal.
Oh lord..
xD
RT if you love ever single of your followers..
Maybe I should have gone to Starbucks and bought a redeye.
I still feel tired.
Damn you, Mad Men for airing so late!
And....Here.
We.
Go.
I feel like Calipari is the Joker and he just pushed the button
This is the second part to the Nutrisystem Prank Call
Agree.
It's more than 2 bad games.
It's a meltdown.
Pau  Bynum look spent and checked out.
And Brown's made 0 adjustments
Had so much fun with you this weekend!
mucho bestitos!!!!!
I really want a boyfriend, but I hate how I would be a crappy girlfriend
Omg!
Omg!
Omg!
i turn 20 tomorrow!!:o
In between games 1  2 of our broadcast, our spring football show airing now!
Miss Burmeister39;s Blog  Blog Archive  Project Pony Tails
My sister said goodnight and I answered hi
lemme find out you be getting it I'n : !!!!
I don't even...
.
explaining ways to ensure that a presentation is accessible  audible, visible, copies of the script, notecards for ?s, etc
We would like to help you get ready for tax season!
Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com or www.oklahomahomerepair.com for more!
Hawks are out and my BF is a die hard Devils fan!
;
I just saw a car on the interstate that had 1D 2013 written all over it...i totally fangirled..
3 20days3x
Monday May 7 we'll be in Danville KY and the Norton Center for the Performing Arts!
Tickets are almost gone!
It's a sunny day in Dallas, so you KNOW we're gonna ride!!!!
Eeekkk I cannot wait for tomorrow!!
Gabriel!!!!..thanks you to make laugh a lot Of people...hope see you in Dallas Texas!!!...this 2012...
Ok on the strip some guy just grabbed mah boob !
:D
Nice!
Congrats man.
Just listened to it and enjoyed it!
I just hate it when someone says they are going to do something and they don't!
No.
I'd love to brainstorm with you and Chris Castellani, our Artistic Director.
Perhaps, you can come in for a coffee?
i've never seen a team this bad at stealing bases.
with the speed we have we should be WAY better.
So I'm almost done packing.
But I don't have more space for my underwear lol oh wells ill go commando haha
Turning up for work looking like a doctorwned rat is always a good look...
''/
Yeah but her face is only 5.....
Come party with the The TheaterW/Heart  Shadow Lounge, July 25th 6pm11pm!
but imma miss u today that mean I cant bother u
Sorry you don't feel well.
Soup will make you feel better, good call!
Had a great run this a.m.
so I'm feeling god.
:
I'm sorry for the rest of you but I just might be biggest fan :
At work, missing my babies like crazy...
First Grade doctorpoff was much less stressful than kindergarten doctorpoff was last year!
I'm just afraid of the ninjas that hide in the dark
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 9
Attention Beauties!
We have 1 appointment left for a full set of lashes tomorrow!
Call 3272507 for more info  to reserve!
Yo!
I'm great!
How are you doin?
Good I hope.
Big weekend of eating and sleeping for me!
Independence is a myth.
We all depend on each other.
Jeopardy Teachers Tournament Final Just Starting
you got it!
A great run partner is a must!
Gloves for hands  a scarf over your mouth to warm the air helps too.
....I dnt have enough twitter followers following me.....ugh!
I just want to be in your arms again that's all I want 3
doctorw something is still a little fun....
a little....
lol
Gutted for et al.
Can't help laughing my ass off at John Terry though.
doctorse out  ref in Mia's backpocket  cakewalk to the finals.
SMH
Check me out on youtube/Gigsawlp
Likelihood of me having a nervous breakdown today  VERY HIGH.
30thingsaboutme I'm too lazy to do 29 others
Took my SATs today.
Very looooonnnggg!!
hahah people took them but I'm gonna bring you guys twice a much tomorrow!
Im freezing
I love the feeling of tights.
99.9 of the ATL gonna know  this: Passion Parties by Treco!!..boom doctorps mic and walks off
Maybe it's just me, but doesn't it seem like unwatching a repo on should remove its activity from the news feed?
we're seeing him twice in one month.
Harass him.
visiting with our social/mobile team at FH talking about what Twitter is working on around politics/advocacy and advertising
soon soon!
are you still thinking of coming up here for some of senior week?!
New details on the crash of the F18 jet in Virginia Beach.
The Million Hoodies March for Trayvon Martin.
reports on News4
DIET DISASTER: People who trade sugary doctornks for the diet kind eat more bread  desserts, say researchers
Cincinnati: Im teaching guitar lessons again.
Do you want some?
myheartremains :
Ahh!
my new, amazingly awesome twitter account  0 followers.
Let's get it right this time, only the really interesting ones.
Thought for Today: God can take your mess and make it meaningful
thank YOU for a great  affirming evening.
so proud to have been there  joined in myla's joy for thus award.
thk u!
LOL IM COMPETING AGAINST 23 MILLION BELIEBERS JUST TO GET A FOLLOW FROM YOU..
hmm maybe ill win ?
;
GREAT session on starting a teen film festival!
Glad I found something to inspire me first thing this morning.
I tip my cap in your general direction good sir.
lets see what today has in store for me ;
What's your ringtone?
The Spurs will play their Game 1 on Tuesday at home against either the Clippers or Grizzlies.

Opportunity is knockin.
just open that fuckin door.feelme
lmao!
U at work?
fucking dysfunctional family n' shit.
god damn.
What did you get?
FF is a restaurant, bookstore and gathering place where people can discuss issues of social justice and peace.
i would sell my soul to the devil before i would ever do that again..
Rabbitstheyre too cute, impossible to have to defend the human race by eliminating hordes of cute zombies :P
first beer's on me :
long islands will Pitt you on ur bum .....
Smh im 
GOT all three down yes:
ahahaa good morning it is !
Staring out window, pondering plot problem.
A wobbly fox appears in yard.
Might it have the answer, or rabies?
Or is rabies the answer?
well i should be studying for finals..but i can't seem to.
suggestions?
so what practical methods can we use to break the conceptual models that we and our clients cling to about what the web is.
Hi Pete!
Hey RamonWow, we had some late night Dominos in Cancun  they gave us free potato wedges to try out.
Have u seen/tried them?
I know, right?
I'm waiting to see who comes to get in the car.
Surely it was innocent.
Am I an accomplice, now?
RT : Sponsorship also will make it simpler for our partners to contribute to AOLsponsored open source projectsAOL...
Rondo, how well did you play tag?
Shank You :
Frappichino happy hour : just what I need!
also, did they get the Pulitzer for party photos?
;p
Try a 45yard field and that's how the season ends.
Bridging the Mobile Design Gap Jen Matson,
Writing some papers then nailing
I may be back in the city in January..
what do you have in mind?
hooray!
Where'd you get it?
what's that ?
woohoo!
just starting igenatl...stay tuned!
Last day of high school, telling teachers goodbye Dx trying not to cry..
The Louisiana Research Collection welcomes the Louisiana Historical Association to NOLA for their 2012 annual meeting
Still sad about Donna Summer.
I've always been a huge fan.
Her music is incredible.
And British men strip to it in The Full Monty.
I love the weather undergrounds foliage map if you haven't seen it
Just did my first massage since my mother died.
Feels good to be helping other people feel good again.
If you call, dont whine about your gold!
LOL RT : I have no gold anymore.
Probably will never hold it again...
me: rate on looks: 10 : tbh: we stopped talking : Jennah : rate on looks: 10 tbh: you should follow me :D
RT : I bet the song in the Internet Explorer commercial got more downloads than Internet Explorer
x factor!
Follow me to victory, and I will lead you to success
Daytrader, Daylight, Seahaven at Unit Six May 11th!
Everyone BETTER BE THERE!
Goal setting starts with a pad of paper, a pen and you.
Gary Ryan Blair
Thx for the note.
I'm newbut see the tremendous possibilities for educators connecting thru twitter.
I look to learn more.
Happy that I successfully killed an emerging cold.
Not interested in being sick this week.
That'd be William Penn?
Oops, yes, an answer.
Thank you!
Storms popping up in the area.
has you covered at 5:30.
My sister was listening to Skrillex and using the washing machine and I honestly couldn't tell the difference between the two
Can get another like dat
Imagine a one of those pink bats with black grip tape.
He tweets some really good stuff.
It's been getting weird lately when he tweets about jewelry, etc., though.
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself  Saint Teresa of Avila
good job on your 10K.
's life is over cause conan is a repeat haha
bet, we on it!
I hate election time.
Politics are annoying.
We're tweeting up at the DNC in Charlotte.
If you don't know, the Queen City is a hell of a town for a progressive party!
Well, so much for that.
!!!
RT : I still Fucks wit Hodgson prom lol it was so many Beautiful women There 
Effort?
We dont need no stinking effort!
Or service to Boyd apparently...
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ...
I forget the other two.
Red Skelton
Facebook is boring.
Better question: Facebook or Twitter?
Cheering for our tattooed hockey friend and the tonight!
I am in Riverwest now!
Coffee soon!
fuck yea it's just 9 Mexicans still heading to wrk lmao blacks still tryin to get to wrk from wakin up late
The best new artist should for sure be boysandgirls is amazing.
I want to have another baby so I can name him/her Maxwell's Silver Hammer, after coffee, my hair color, and MC Hammer.
going home after a lovely week of actually USING Facebook, Twitter and Linked In.
Ah, she thinks, I see the value now...
Woohoo!
DAS subcommittee members  our recommendations were all accepted, with minimal change.
how much longer are you in Seattle?
see, even your Middle English was off on that one.
Can't take you seriously, my sweet.
Kay , I'm done for real haha .
Night :
On my way to the Center for Arch for the announcement of the AIA NY Design Awards.
Fingers crossed!
So true!
Its either way too cold or way too hot in this school
Only put off tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
Happy Friday!!
Java Pete's was great tonight!
Check out the Wolf Pack Tour At the Talent Farm in Pembroke Pines tomorrow.
Who's coming?
The somewhere that it is fiveoclock is HERE!
:
yeah and you and austin ISN'T dating!
;
Thanks so much!
Would love to be in touch about it sometime.
Looking for mentors.
Btw, I work with Matt McCrea of EdCampDC.
Rather enjoyed starting my day with a Sunshine Muffin.
Recipe coming soon to
...I don't think that latte was decaf...crap.
Yes but sometimes its good as desperation XD
If youre not rich, its because you think like a poor person.
Love rich people and you will become like them.
This Charming Man vs.
Super Mario Bros.
just made my week
Celebrating postNZ Thanksgiving today: candied yams, stuffing, green beans, cranberry sauce, yeast rolls, and pumpkin pie!
most people do!
I want to try a cruise sometime just to prove myself wrong...maybe if I win one :
PENN STATE WINS 3
Don't believe the mainstream media.
First day of class!
Good luck to everyone this year!
I dnt wanna hve another one
Lets go!
S/o to for givinh twitter a play by play of everything he has done today..im sure after the pork chops and shake comes a shit
Is it truly impossible to find a Twitter app that works for my phone?
Even the official Twitter app has gone mad!
Yep!
That's the one I found.
: That's the one I used to listen to years ago.
Not sure why I got out of it.
my mom doesnt know exactly when the shes getting the ppl into disney but im sure its early in the morning so maybe yeah
Started reading Lance Secretan's spark, torch, flame...
pondering my spark
in 2 days.
At anytime.
I don't know why you haven't used until now either, but its literally a lifesaver for me.
RMFT: Im dying to dance a good rueda de casino 
What will the kitties think?
Personal opinion, I'm getting all verklempt over here :
HAHAHAHA i'm dying.
That was priceless
Midnight screening of a movie about aliens attacking only sober people?
Sure, why not.
RT : I refuse to use pencils in my classroom until manufacturers figure out how to limit what students can write w/them
RT : Fantasy football is close RT : NFL and players accomplished a ton today.
Are truly getting close to deal
It's been a decade!
Too long!
cat  DJ around..bumpin Can we bring Deephouse back to the Dub?
7 inches total body and 5 lbs.
yup, I'm happy with that.:
Adding more USD tommorrow....but i got you.
yes!
You coming?
Good!
I think if I heard a crappy song by them, I would be devastated!
I really love that band!
Haha.

Dope Twitter handle.
I am surrounded by the intelligence of Spirit operating through perfect law.
PS I miss you...
LMK when you off!!!
I just followed and suscribed you :
The editor in me.
Just sets my eye twitching.
You wanna fight a man?
Let's box, I keep a box of gloves
I'm not a fan of Rush at all.
Actually dislike him immensely, but, what is your motivation4getting him off the air?
I will!
I promise!
gimmeaminute!
The more I read about you the more I am glad you are on our side; just...
Thanks!
Keep up the hard work.
i want to tie dye something...
ITS 9/11 HUH IM SO LOST FORGIVE DASTREETZMUSIC TO EVERYONE WHO HAVE LOST AN HAVE NOT LOST LOVE ONES TUNE IN TO THE 911CEREMONY
says one down and two to go!
6:308:30 tonight: will be for some signing!
Check it out!
also, sad you're having trouble finding a place :
ha!
Good one....
I think we're going to need all the help we can get.
Rookie QB vs.
LeBeau?
Not good.
somebody give me a a babywipe cs this la baby a mess
Lust and love look the same on the outside but The interior of lust is hollow.
what's good pimp
thanks Pastor!
Hey Tori I won the backpacker on your website a while ago and LOVE it.
Trips to the museum have doubled.
Lol.
Thank u thank u!
: hugs going.
Back to extra large ice pack for back
So Train has basically turned into Hostel on, well....
a train.
I hope there is a twist or I'll be severely disappointed.
GO BERRY WHY AREN'T YOU OPEN
How are you today,love?

in his underwear.
my kids were asking why you got rejected last night.
Seemed like a quick hook.
Go get 'em today we'll be watching on Fox!
I'm confused!
RT : I've been holding my tongue on a beer concert festival could fund fullday kindergarten/school busing tweet.
gl today, 3 way chop ;
U can't be a real nigga if u hang wth pussy niggas.....
If you believe it, you will achieve it 
Cry me a river, dude.
Conservatives love playing the victim.
SAME HERE OMG
Hope you had an awesome week!
How was Mahler 1?
yeah people suck 
OHMIIIGODDD!!
The Cheesecake Factory..so many calories...so much food :
I miss my big brother
Thinking of booking a flight to Miami for my mom as a Mothers Day gift..
I wish I could teach the Death and Maiden quartet every single day.
If the students don't love it, I will cry, and then berate.
A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can do nothing, but together can decide that nothing can be done.
When you're down on life, smoke a joint and remember that tomorrow is a brand new day.
beauty sleep!
RichRod to Arizona!
In line at Subway  see Blake Griffin ad, best marketed NBA player this year by far.
I second that.
Really happy to be playing with all y'all.
Apparently there are two 30foot whales swimming in Petaluma Creek, sporting and blowing up and down the creek.
Van bought me a beautiful bracelet and a necklace at a yard sale.
He is so thoughtful :
Your supposed to doctornk your body weight?
Cool have a Great day
Only if you want to miss out on Stubb's on 6th street!
But then, I'm sure we could handle multiple bbq venues...
Tweet us a pic of your Sneak Peek of Spring w/ hashtag BkSqSpring to win gift cards to  !
happy 15th birthday!
I love you so much, hope your day is GRAND and filled with many new memories, have an amazing time 3
I reposted and the new link should work for you.
If not, go ahead and email me and I will send you the flyer.
; hope you are well
This is the worst day for Facebook albums to go funky.
Apologizes for photo doubles.
I have decided that Im goin to start taking advantage of the gorgous weather Austin has  jog every morning outside for my morningcardio!
NBD best.
in.
show.
A fool gives full vent to his anger, but a wise man keeps himself under control.
S/O to my dude We needa chill soon.
YES AND...You're going to be SO sucessful!
In a hack kind of a way!
You should just be an assistant!
And a show like Arrested Development gets canned!
It's all quite sad!
I like bad TV, but I have my limits!
thatawkwardmoment when you realize no one is listening to you so you stop talking in midsentence.
This will be the third Friday in a row that I'm working after I originally said I wouldn't be.
What is wrong with me???
SMH
SHOUT OUT
me AND smokey are sick : I'm going back to bed!
Going to spend some time relaxing today after an insane week of ups and downs.
More excited for this than I should be.
is everyone sick?
Jamba juice then off to kahaluu
yo blazed ass
sounds like it's time to treat yourself to something nice:
Had an amazing day with the fam yesterday!
Now I just need to get my computer fixed today and all will be right with the world...
true...but I think this is 2 diff convos.
One about self goals and the other about an attack on US as women via media
I can't fold and they never bluff!
Also 30 hands/hour wtf
Guys who can dance bachata or can just dance in general  you already won me over !
3
I guess it was Danks that sucked not that the Tigers hitting was good ....glad we got that cleared up!
ahh, so funny  I saw 's post about gorgeous photo  and thought she was speaking of the bed one.
HappyNY, M!
Tried to go to the gym and watch ManU/Chelsea in HD at 2pm afterwards.
Phone spoils results at gym.
Unifies voice re: our values?
Who and how will we speak?
urban ethno archaeology: asked transit workers about artifacts left at beaconhill station.
today?
wax lips, 100 bill, and red panties.
Please welcome onlineGirlsSex to the Max life
Do you have any suggestions for a good Brunch beer cocktail?
Most people are in...fear for the same reason.
Most people are living a case of mistaken identity.Neale Donald Walsch What's your identity?
Fa la la la
some people just need to move on and not whine about stuff .....
life is way to short
You did such a fab job today!!
: It was awesome working with once again.
have fun tonight xoxo
you know I'm a male right?: lol
twitter works in school.
:D
Kim Clijsters Injury: Belgian Tennis Star Will Skip French Open to Focus on Wimbledon, Olympics
IM SORRY
Tonight I'm getting faded tho.
Traffic out of town square always makes me mad grrr!!
easier said that done But I feel you
I want.
Thanks for the follow, guys!
Facebook pages?
If only Starbucks delivered.
D:
You say YOLO?
Jesus Christ says no thanks.
Bernadette Peters on Smash: obvious, pandering, wonderful.
Got it.
thanks.
interesting choice by Burke of a story to cite.
A proper QA strategy not only takes time, it takes courage.
Killed it in Denver today!
Everyone who came out to watch was awesome!
Saying hello before things get rolling.
clearly my fault...
ref's too
Sailing back from Catalina : already saw three whales.
Wow
Great start for the Pacers.
Not intimidated one bit.
Lot on my mind :/
furchat yes, as long as they rode in the cabin with me!
Are you KIDDING ME ARSENAL?!
Now if I only knew InDesign.
: I need to reserve some time with one afternoon to get started.
Creddie or Seddie?
My sister is off limits.
Seddie They can go to town, I don't care.
Jerry Trainor.
that dude cracks me up, man
probably going to go back to sleep until my roommate gets home?
How about you?
Nothing says Christmas like adult beverages.
And cookies  fudge.
Thanks Grandma!
Your always on my mind, i think about you al timee.
Uhm, no.
LOL
Lenders and Investors are interested in pursuing existing office and retail properties.
Let me help you with yours.
6025095377
That's a first, and sorry they weren't your style.
Def not quality, all craft ingredients.
Hopefully next time.
Thx!
Whenever I use my phone as a flashlight I feel like I'm about to b murdered in a found footage horror movie.
you say that now.
Everyone says that at one point.
We do too.
Gotta love those Suttons.
Oh my bad, u mean ya real family ha?
LOL.
Just kidding.
100
I'm not getting any replies, so DM me or email via www.lisabmusic.com if you want to say hello.
Hello!
Trade Curry, Lee, First Round Pick for Dwight Howard...Keep Monta Ellis to play with Dwight Howard...You got to take that risk...
i love you more.
hey, you're welcome!
Grantland often comes thru with memorable pieces.
I second that ewww.
What are people thinking!
lol your welcome
Welcome back!
30 more minutes  summer friday yaaalllll get to go home early woo to nap.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
Breakingbad Breaking Bad Breaking Bad.
Did I mention breaking bad?
Q8 to workout more
hi I am carslyn Sheffield u ment my uncle his name is j
So twitter, send me a link to your favorite prank video!
my fave: the one where bender falls for the planet express ship, as voiced by sigourney weaver.
actually, its a nice change of pack.
ttyl
ehhh sad I don't get to go to auburn game ;
Yay!
No worries, I'll come get you.
It's from 126, but I wanted to be home by the time the kids get off bus.
Pick you up  10:30?
IfItWasntForTwitter it was for YOU
Any way I can set up a general with you?
I really miss the Saturday morning show Hang Time with the 25' long bball court and 2row bleachers.
maybe when i win the lottery i'll open a flower shop, near the funeral home my sister will some day own of course.
Listofturnons really don't know where to begin I could be here all day lol
Time to enjoy this beautiful weather
Debating if I should do this big ass global packet right now...
just listened to death and destruction followed by slob full volume in the van and thought I was the coolest mother fucker
I'm really not sure what we are doing when we get there haha
Scan  Deliver webinar: The Bookeye looks very neat, but I wonder how much they cost?
Pom for me!
Haha there's enough booothang to go around.
Brandon Freaking Allen haha.
Crushed that ball to right.
Rays walk off.
Always love seeing them win!
The minute u tell someone to trust u is the same minute they doubt u, so instead show them u deserve it.
Does anyone else think Aubrey Plaza is high on something??
Good morning
this games gonna come down to the wire
Waking up early to do household chores before work is the adult thing to do.
happy to help  send me any questions at
True!
I'll just hang on and stop being so worried about it.
You could not be able to pee through your...you get the picture.
does anybody noe how to get apps on their ipod with out using a credit card !!
please answer i will follow u!!
foreal
Thanks for the follow!
Look forward to your tweets.
Don't you hate when a person start lookin good after high school graduation.
Like why you couldn't do dat when we was in school dammit!
awesome ends with me and ugly starts with you.
:P
LOL RT : Retweet if you remember Bacon's, Burrelles's and rubber cementing press clips.

aka How to Take Your Son to a Creepy Exhibit and Turn Him into Norman Bates...
very disturbing: if you try to find me on skype, two results are returned: dennis.kardys and sausagekock
Aye buddy.
I hate you.
RT a Faygo bottle.
a u still coming over here with me and wade
Happy Birthday!:
Her Roads stretch out before us the call of the wild The sky yawns a lethargic turquoise America an amusement park I'm a giddy child!!!!
that's awesome Katelyn!!
Keep up the hard work!
You'll make it far in life!
doctorving Nashville to Atlanta listening to Charlie Robison.
They know I'm a beast, yeah I'm a fin savage, haters you can kill yourselves
: We all make mistakes, don't act like you're better than someone else.
Are the online leaderboards for XBLA broken?
I have a winstreak going on and my online rank keeps going down down down :.
Fucking shitty beyond all belief I don't think I've been this mad my entire life I refuse to let this bullshit happen
SometimesYouHaveTo find free time for urself,dont forget that u belong to you!
Good morning Indy.
We are getting excited for our new Fishers location.
Thank u so much 4 coming today!
We all loved what you had to say!
Really good info and tips for beginning PR practitioners!
What good?
Its impossible to get water from a person who's cup is empty.
It's also impossible to get love from someone who has none to give.
yo give me some combos.
Mind if I join guys?
Last call.
is 12:41 minutes long.
nope I am quite focused on them lol
Hey Can I Buy A Cigarette Off You?No, But I Got This Pen I Can Let You Have Real Cheap.
critical missing pieces no doubt
: good.i.didn't get it tho !
i got the last one you sent wen you was leavin Phoenix
Google Releases Chrome 15 and Web Store Redesign
I m so tired but so happy of my self...
!!!
Step by step..
ekjfhewkf im going to be tweeting to fuck tomorrow since im getting my hair dyed at the hairdoctorssers, they better make me a cup of tea!,YOLO
another restaurant lost.
Email rec'd 2day advising that La Mela Italian Fusion Restaurant, located in Palmetto Bay, will NOT reopen.
So long NBA as we know it!
WallStreet starring Michael Douglas got it wrong...
greed...
is NOT good.
:
Vegans, vegetraians and carnivores all leave CURRIED with SMILES on their faces!!!
Wow and all this time I thought I had a pretty decent grasp on fonts.
First ride of the season, I'll give you a redo haha!
Keep training!
The dough is ready!
Im ready to fill this calzone!
Most Relationships are like garage sales: At a distance it looks like it could be interesting...up close it's just a ton shit you don't need
Excited to finally join twitter and share up to date information and resources on chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
RT now if you want to go to Haiti with Habitat in 2011????
To the 2011 Fl Legislature and Governor: 'All We Are Saying Is Give Common Sense a Chance.' Be an AMERICAN first not a Dem or Rep
Thanks to all that stopped by for the meet and greet.
Now off to for youth group!
i'm reading stuff about my horoscope.
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers out there 
yep been hangin' out all weekend
Haha oh I remember...We were so weird!!
I feel good !!!!
Can't cry over spilled milk right?
Love is the affinity which links and doctorws together the elements of the world.
3
Altmire was the only candidate in this race to go to Beckley for the congressional field hearing re: mine disaster.
thanks man!
I'm sure we can make it in a month of coldness!
Need warmer TOMS!
How the mighty has fallen.
Hardly see anyone with BB anymore.
I think Kessler  Tennant are natural fits for EP
Waiting to board flight on my way home after a great  insightful time at
Alright , take me back to Indy!
Loved Atlanta but there's no place like Home!
I'm at a payphone trying to call home.
3
gotcha, right.
Now I'm following you.
That is your train of thought not just on twitter.
;
I know  Mostly true sounds awful.
A better phrase is in order.
But until then, how does this invalidate the site's purpose?
if they were so happy why do they need to meditate.
or did you mean medicate?
its funny because i had no clue house of hoops had opened!
Domination in the first half.
If I were White Puma I'd have trouble not dozing off
Monk's never likes people to doctornk alone.
Good meeting with s Dave Russel.
, Jeff Echols  Don Foster shared news of whats coming soon to
IfItWasntForTwitter I'd be an angry person lol
9 times out of 10 I agree with your assessment of books, which makes you one of my favorite book critics.
hopefully they'll be over there soon!!
Perfect plan.
checking out some hot products to feature on the site..
some great stuff out there
are you hesitating about??
The more I hear of these republicans, the more disgusted I feel.
Serious actions need 2 be takin
and magically here I appear before your very eyes
I don't follow many people, that's probably why.
Thanks so much!
You two are awesome, and your support means a lot to us.
Amen!
Yes ma'am :
RT : Special thanks to Dave Kutch of for Demistifying Mastering seminar last night at !
RT : About to fulfill one of my life long doctorams and study abroad!
Let the embarking of this journey to India begin!!
Congrats
Wine makes daily living easier, less hurried, with fewer tensions and more tolerance.Benjamin Franklin
Oy :c I'm glad you're okay tho !
I was worried :'c
I just started crying because I haven't left my room in 2 days due to an extensive homework load, then I stopped and got backto my homework.
Thank you!
Have a nice weekend.
I only like old christmas music and only when its dark and freezing outside.
Aww, you're always there, darlin.
3 4, etc.
I'm leaving town for a muchneeded break till Sat the 20th.
Then it's PACK/SELL TIME
11 chapters in..
Time to go look at a possible house to rent :
Some dudes first time in a plane behind me, he's freaking out.
He asked the FA, what's the take off like?
fingers crossed, no puking
I think I might.
c:
Happy Mother's Day to all!
Have a wonderful day!
You all deserve it!
Tomorrow is going to be bananas!
We are close to sold out.
This weekend is going to be one to remember!
Shut Up Bitch!!
Alright Alright Alright!!!!
Yeeaahh you gone learn today!!!
65 highdef?
I'm afraid....VERY afraid.
I feel bad about it to some extent, at the same time if the team is losing, they're not giving you money back on your tickets.
Poised Creation is on the look out for great videographers!
If u can cut a deal, hollar at us!
You must think u slick LOLOL ok.
Got the win last night on senior night.
Now 1012 heading in to our last reg season game with Lincoln on Friday.
Thank you, sir!
I love my Aj :
Virginia earthquake a 5.8, felt all the way in PA.
Epicenter just south of DC.
The Rooster lost that cock fight.
Hey sexi let's get together sometime
OMG GUYS SO YOU SHOULD TOTALLY GO SUBSCRIBE TO ALWAYSSHOUTJENA ON YOUTUBE SHE IS AMAZING!!!!!!!
BFFS3 ;D
at one point does obama start taking responsiblity for HIS presidency
You should read the paranoid rantings about OWS on GretaWire.
Highly entertaining yet pathetically sad all at the same time!
how long are u in LA?
I'll be there next Wednesday.
Its hard growing up without a father, but its easy when you have a fantastic mother who plays both roles.
Hype for this night
: You have big boobs and everyone likes you?
It must be your shining personality.
Im a little worried about it
Who else is excited for Clipshow?!?
....anyone?
Anyone?
's book, Bossypants is the shit.
Food show!
Manager teams will compete for their chance to win a tailgate party and tix to a Brew Crew Home Game!
Go team Ari!
Making big time changes n my life to get Jenolo up and running
Do you shine in a way that exemplifies five ways of being?
Visit www.mikehensley.org for my latest article
The next thing that breaks in my house, I'm just buying duct tape to fix it.
I've lost a lot of followers 
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 51
i miss my sissy
Wow, today was just one of those days!
Time for wine!
What are you sipping on tonight?
Good morning!!!
Jeff Ireland's arms must be sore because he reeeeeaaaaaaaccccchhhhed for Ryan tanny
I was gonna go with 'informative' but it was too many characters!
Happy weekend Twitter friends!
me too!
I really want to work in the nonprofessort sector!
Being a daily advocate for something I believe in is AMAZING!
I have to have buds if I'm on a treadmill or running alone
Very Nice to meet you too!
Thank you for the follow back :  I look forward to reading your tweets!
don't u mean won't
MM More must follows!
I need a haircut!
Can I plan on knocking this out on Saturday?
Designing new Beerhoptacular tee's.
Should we put Kegman on the front or the back of our new version?
Competition swimsuits controversy at the World Swimming Championships in Rome is justified.
ChooseCameron has a nice ring to it
The kid that likes me just brought me cigarettes then walked away like a sad puppy.
I feel kinda bad
Bubble baths 
am and saw some in person but not so as I'm interested!
beinbig time if not more and not rush but lucky D:
Hey I am KP's fianc.
Wondering if you wanted to meet up?
I would appreciate some sxsw101 from someone with much more klout than I.
u are on tour?
puttin in time at the office today along with a home visit
x box was hacked first and was out 2 months you stupid fuck
he should be fine as long is there is no music playing, fans in the stands or anything else that makes noise.
I'm willing to bet that the first sport was a man against another man in a fight, so I think that's something innate in all of us Omar Epps
Just got done watching the hurt locker....crazy Movie.
When life throws you lemons, eat lemon yogurt with a knife.
Failure to prepare is preparing to fail
haha : i'm sorry sweetie!
omg i just got austins single off Itunes :DD
We're all but humble impersonators living through those we admire, through those who help us believe this world is full of love.
I just launched my new website today!
Check it out....
www.JennMello.com
Ozark Missouri  New Storm Product Sandless sandbags A revolution to sandbagging operations.Out of the box and to the water, ready in mins
Students!
Before tearing it up on Mifflin tomorrow, party up with us tonight.
Five bucks gets you in the door.
Alright MLB fans  playoffs are right around the corner.
Who you got?
Yup gonna be a rough presentation tonight
Agree!
MyPOV: Microsoft synergies w/ WP8, Office365, Kinect, some real wins for dynamics customers conv12 microsoft
Touristing on the LasVegasStrip  working up an appetite for a buffet!
That Beatles trackthat put up is the perfect way for me to start the day.
Nazis first came..for the Jews, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew...then they came for the Catholics ..Martin Niemoeller
Snow/ cover direction/ sky earth disappear/ somehow/ snow still falls
Why can't i sleep ?
So excited to be meeting and cooking my pizza for a legend in the start up community this Sunday.
You know that moment when you JUST miss your transfer?
Yup...
The fact that multiple people have suggested it's reminiscent of Microsoft Bob suggests it already has
If you're visiting Miami for Art Basel  it's right around the corner  secure your vacation rental before it's too late!
lol.
doctorw her a pic of you know whoo ; sexy army man.
Freethrow shooting in the NBA has gotten atrocious.
Players forgot how to shoot.
i dont want him to get a story...just stay on payroll and get paid and then leave when show gets cancelled
Dance was dope now watchin some UFC !
conflicting message?
Asking teachers 2 extol a defined syllabus..
then be innovators too?
the former expropriates the creativity
I'm reading SOP yet again.
I'm loving it though.
I will pass my first exam on Monday!
:
Don't let people judge you Cory !
Say how you feel bruh !
KeepItTrill bruh !
10FactsAboutMe 4 once we're friends, I'll devote myself to u unconditionally till you show me why we shouldn't be friends.
No 2nd chances.
Amen i now thats right,, have a beutifull bless day full of joy n favor ...love u
I had a great weekend at Lightening In A Bottle  What did you do this weekend?
http:www.ShamanShack.info
hey Macy moo I miss u cuz
everyone follow !
: my love.
My best friend and I'm going to go to mono cafe....
I'm so so happy.
We are peasing....
Excellent, thanks for the input, Dani!!
YLM is getting up there tbhI mean as a whole this is my most listened KC album.
I got tired of All I Ever Wanted quick
Super excited to try my first class, I heard it's pretty awesome!
now baby bounce it, bounce it.
I doubt they do either, but I'm betting that you do.
Lawson out of his mind!
will you please wish happy birthday ?
:
Unsuccessful day of fishing....
Any day.
My niggas calling from the pen on they cellphones talking about send me some pics of some hoes lol
I saw that!
You know me and Cobe's are going!!
Shower , get doctorss, bank, PORTLAND, back home.
sounds legit 
He was always shy around me, but a lot of guys get that way around the media.
Tough to say how he got along with his teammates.
you get yogurt with your Mickey D's?
Nice!!
heard was singing Call Me Maybe on his doctorve to the multi this morning.
hi.
come home.
i wubb yoo.
:
What's going on there tonight?
did it make you dance?
Or prance?
Cause others to look askance?
I gave myself a pass, since I got about 15 minutes of sleep last night.
Good luck to all who are running the half marathon in Indy tomorrow!
Need to carbload tonight?
Dine in or carry out pasta!
2643585
Where is this?
At a house?
I miss twitter.
I want you back.
It's not goodbye!
It's I'll see you soon!
Don't let downstate make you forget about upstate!
Wegmans love forever!
ESPN needs to stop spoiling the doctorft picks, it ruins it for the viewers.
u no wat im getn tired of yall calln me a loser err tym yal want me to follow back
Finally broke down and joined the Mug Club at  good grief.
I am never eating taco bell again
depending on the weather  our band will be playing on 'Omni Hill'/Federal courthouse for the 10Miler...
I've never been fly fishing.
My dad does it religiously.
But I'm trying to master my techniques with baits/lures first.
Whoa!
Great conference speaker!
, do you know this person: Naledi Pandor, minister of SA Science/technology?
lmfaoo let them know whats up
My carpeting is old and pet spots were numerous, but by the time he left, it was spotless and very nearly doctor.
Thank you, Carole!
Stumptown, the Met, Upper East Side, Central Park, and Roosevelt Island: tomorrow's going to be a classic NYC day.
this so true
Muppets movie is on...
Classic!
if only I could be half of the gentleman that is
I want that version of the song!!!
I think I'm going to sleep at 8:30 tonight
Just one call from him...and I'm happy again:
I love watching the Apple events on live blogs.
Bring it!
2012 film watching!
34.
Journey 2:The Mysterious Island.
This was very terrible.
The only redeeming quality was Louis Guzman
Cool platform.
We'll let our Indian friends know about it.
hey how do u get to practice?
Do u doctorve or do u ride with brock?
Always go for the Goodfellas entrance/exit.
leave it to your bad self to remind me that Teen Mom is even on.
So upset I've missed the entire show.
This whole notwearingacoattowork thing is kinda amazing
...
so you didn't chime in and stack your claim?
;
you'll get your turn.
it was nice to meet you yesterday.
Would love to talk creativity with you sometime.
Cheers!
RT : SO this RT : Meetings  the inside joke that makes you stop working to talk about how you're going to work
They have whey protein isolate and butter.
These ingredients are free of lactose and probably no casein or only trace amounts.
I Recover a Guy with 11 warrants in two states and a Federal Prosecuter very Interested in his whereabouts.
Bonds out within 24 hours.
WTH??
Lakers lose, mariners lose..
Not a good day for sports...
unfortunately no.They will however help u impress the ladies  help you on the search 2 find the future mister Gav
It doesn't matter how strong your mental resolve is, there are some atmospheres that will destoy you.
The Demi Strip makes your eyes appear perfect...
Rita  A Cut Above 404.454.1494
Have a total case of the guilts that I didn't clean the house this weekend
Clippshow for sure, its like rooting for JV to represent your school
Watch Rich and Michelle discuss shark attacks and fried chicken www.vimeo.com/13740440
's willingness to accept returns w/o interrogation or arbitrary constraints makes me not want to bother shopping elsewhere.
MajorTurnOff when guys pass out after sex .
: i think needs to come meet us in myrtle beach this weekend :D Uggghhh I'm jealous
I'm at a different barn than the one Chief and Gunner are at.
We'll find time to go soon.
Miss my baby cousins.
.
blames the stock mkt  past mayors who stole for pension woes.
Really?
An appalling paucity of knowledge about SD issues.
sophia grace and rosie aren't even that great why are they on ellen all the time
Hope youre having a great day.
Mine is turning out amazing so far.
Its Fucking freezing!!!!!!!!!
i know and your in the car next to me:
Chris breezy starting to look like a man finally..
damn what time they close
Heading back to cali in a few weeks ..definitely going see the vs Dodgers while im there
Simply having more open and competitive politics will not satisfy Arab populations, says Larry Diamond 
Show tonight at The Door Dallas.
Should be a good time!
Gonna go home and sleep!!!
There is too much orange on my tv right now.
I would like to discuss SwipeGood with you if you have the opportunity.
Followed Already
Reading about Trademark law is as fun as constantly punching a porcupine.
I'm about to put my shades on and kick my feet up on the table.
at Hotel Indigo west watching Ryan Story  Jeff Dayton
May Day!
xx
Sounds like work.
No.
Little brother...
Are you ready for the labor day weekend?
Tan at the Tan Bar and then wear plenty of sunscreen over the weekend and protect your skin!
Awesome game.
Love me some Melo right now.
thanks!
I'll let you know if I need anything on the newer one and I'll forward your name with my old one I'm getting rid of :
prove the haters wrong DT ......
Your gonna be an all star !!!
Pro bowl baby !!
Congratulations on the award!
Great to see your work recognized.
How do CM's w/high unemployment raise money?This initiative will effect Blk CM more than White CM
Running intervals kicked my butt.
8x1 thanks
Had a great show at The Playground.
Thanks
I got one this morning  Your code is broken.
Turns out he was entering the wrong password
Northsiders who hate downtown, let it be known that your traffic is horrible!
Downtown can handle 1000s of people/cars, Castleton can not.
Thanks for making a difference in my life: Jesse Hawkins, Odessa Stubbs, Colleen Howell, Coach Bill Pate, Darlene Rogers...
Lmao I have the greatest moments with my MMA/Jiu Jitsu coach!
I'm up writing and the birds are chirping outside of my window.
Wow, what a peaceful moment.
bogus.
is my airline of choice.
If you tip the bag checker 10 you can check a body bag for free
tweet a pic of the stage!!
howz it lookin??
Thanks so much for coming this morning!
ad4mh RT : At Meta House breakfast...
an amazing project and community of support.
I feel a tad breeze....
Good morning.
:
Anyting earlyRiRI, most of BEYONCE, generally JANET, Who Gives A F by MADONNA, Most MJ videos, JAYZ, Adele are
I have been spring cleaning my inbox and organzing emails all day today
Breakfast in bed is such and easy thing to do, and it totally makes girl want to sex you
hmm.
Why exactly should I tell you?
lol i know but i cnt keep him out my closet!
He said he like the way my stuff fit better...it shows off h ...
our new motto should be: Great Taste.
More Filling.
Like filling our minds with stuff.
Or is that just gross?
: Destiny's child song cater to you a true companionship....I really can't wait to be able to givereceive that feeling
Beautiful weekend ahead!
Stop by Nardi's on Saturday night for the 6th Annual Kentucky Derby Party and Free Buffet from 5 to 7!
hey were tweets you sent with the Unicode chars done with your app?
Are you still running that one?
Sign me up for KostisCon 2012.
Seriously.
lol thats why i was gonna go together
I'm too tired to go to sleep
Nice Chocolate!!!
Thanks :
with the invention of the internet and social media you are never alone!
Don't die wondering
Massive heart attack and simultaneous cerebral hemorrhage averted.
Today in March, I nearly went mad!
RT : The  will faceoff in on Feb 5!
LIVE at 6:30 PM EST on !
Jazz PG Devin Harris is being iced.
Will reevaluated.
I can help you find out!
Making website is not as easy as I thought feeling a little down...idk..smh
Yeah.
A lot of artists get in this mindset where they completely ignore what people find interesting.
Great art is shareable.
I've said it once this week, but I think it bares repeating  Greg Dulli is still god.
That is all.
Our new hashmark for 2011...
introducing the

In simplest terms, a leader is one who knows where he wants to go, and gets up, and goes.
John Erksine, The Complete Life
Devote a lot of time speaking to buyers face to face.
You'd be amazed how many companies do not listen to their customers.
They know kids r listening
myspace is pissing me off, for the darlins it doesn't have to be bikinis it can be It can be short doctorsses, skirts, hot pants, sexy clothes,
Yes, answers my question and kickass.
Google better get safesearch working much better before the X Olympics in London.
This can't be true: Mets looking at Tebow as a center field option.
Please release your Meet Your Type PDF in spreads  the design is too beautiful for single pages and I'm dyin' for spreads!
You know you are doing things right when your girlfriend is more pumped about the NFL doctorft than you are.
Got the kids Valentine bags ready for tomorrow.
Almost done with Bens!!
I can't wait for them to open it.
I hope you like it
Watching Adventure Time with my little cousin.
That is bullshit.
: No matter how much you hate school, you'll always miss it when you leave.
Get a copy of SixtySexandTango the Confessions of a Beatnik Boomer memoir by at www.spokenwordinc.com or from Audible today!
LOL exactly RT : ....and TOTALLY REDEEM yourself!
Yup..i still get jealous.
but u smoke weed no need to go all crazy lol just relax u got a timetable on this tho
: Happy Birthday, Matthew Broderick, when are we going to see Ferris Bueller Pt 2?
that would be sad, seriously?
Your strength is the strength of ten because...well, because you're Superbranch.
hy did u like the video
A nice sunny Sunday morning !
You have been insider trading for years in Congress.
President Obama is forcing you to be ethical.
Like your attitude.
Leis lingerie boutique in Greenbriar Mall Black Friday sale 40 of total purchase 710 am.
free gift bags and cocktails 6 pm until.
im watching glee and I loved Kurts performance!!!
:
OccupyAlbuquerque OccupyBurque Any news on the meeting/gathering that was to start around 12:30 p.m.?
Have demands or goals been decided?
I MADE THE HIGHSCHOOL CHEER TEAM!
CAN I GET A WHAAT WHAT?:
How come the embedded demographic time series from Google public data disappeared from my webpage?
Praise...Live....Love...Laugh more
Pullin for Tebow to beat the piece of crap tombrady who ive always hated most
Anyone still on???
Yes, love it!
Sanctions really stink...ugh.
The Christmas Hope movie airing on Lifetime tomorrow at 2 EST.
A child needs a home  a woman needs hope.
From the
...
engage in the activities in real life.
fucking mom bullshitted me I was asleep and then when I woke up it was already late
Sometimes flashier isn't better.Many AssistiveTech companies finetuned tools for years.
iPad is cool,but may not always be best solution.
Ok twitter it was me not
this could be a long list of punchees.
The kingdom of God is within you.
Luke 17:21b
You are going to do it easy as all get out.
Congrats!
Wen u cry fake friends just watch u but real friends have ur back!
it's probably because nobody showed up to see ol hairplugs anyways
Off to go upstate to film
thanks for a great meal tonight!
The sweet pea risotto was our favorite and our server Lauren was fantastic.
I'm at 12ntcmoney about finding funding sources for technology.
would be proud :
such a fun place!
Go to the NE corner of Varrick and Bleeker for an amazing dessert/champagne bar!
I can't believe I'm up right now .
Make your Friday utterly PERFECT by following,
Conquering LED Efficiency doctorop: Overcoming mysterious phenomenon could lead ...
MarketWatch
Woke up in the middle of the night, panicking about my alarm clock.
But I don't need one, because it's a real, live Saturday off!
One thing I have never seen in all of my travels is the Northern lights.
Apparently, I could have gone to Iowa!
5 minutes away from another shirt giveaway contest.
If you don't know western movie trivia get yur sister brother dad or uncle on the phone.
The strawberry shenanigans continue this Friday May 5th at the NYU Strawberry Festival!
I ain't gone lie California is the shit women and money wise doctorgs I don't know
No problem.
Keep up the good work.
Now following!!!!
: Preciate the support up there in OHIO boo!
There's gotta be a way to do it  I will continue to consider this.
Good to know I have your support ;
Gtf putt here twitter everyone's a boss huh wtf
A girl without curves is like jeans without pockets no place to put your hands
Mercy Corp's Monday is TODAY!
As always, we'll be donating 5 of all sales to our favorite nonprofessort organization, Mercy Corps.
It's less important to go Paleo then to cut out processed foods
PREORDERS START AT MIDNIGHT!!!
:D
i like it, protect ben lets goo
I didnt know leanna would call you that, did she say it through dm?
: These bitches will say ANYTHING for a follow, even if it degrades them REAL
thanks for the heads up.
We'll see what we can do
It's Not Good To Want Something Too Much, It Sometimes doctorves The Luck Away.
beach tomorrow?
YES!
my favorite is We'll Sing You To Sleep and Happy Anniversary!
RT: I get it!
Conservatives want a smaller government so it can fit into the vagina of every woman in America.
really?!
Yes my kid...
SMH...
please slap him upside the head thank you
I just want to shove food in my mouth and cry.
Ron Artest may have just saved the Lakers season!
Every championship team has a bad guy.
today would have been the perfect day for our tumblr photoshoot
Life is to valuable to be wasted.......
doctorp the nonsense, Build a Bridge,....
And get over it....
yeah, i'm okay i guess.
:
Enjoyed it guys!!!
Thanks, it was tasty.
And the weather even more so.
Time to change my Twitter background besides this purple design with stars..
Oh shoot we are about to break 200 Likes on our facebook!
Someone go be 200!!!
www.facebook.com/sperantsa
If you ask a professorSSIONAL their professorSSIONAL opinion and use statements like I'm not a professorssional, it's insulting when you don't listen
Brewers game!
You know you're in Denmark when the dorm room has a schoolprovided ashtray.
not much, u?
Waiting to facilitate presention to the Shared Governance committee of about
I need something to do today!!
RT : Make sure you come out see me tomorrow April 9th in Westminster,Co at King Soopers located at 10351 Federal Blvd.
911am
www.kociradio.com instrumental blues: Freddie King, BB King, Joe Louis Walker
Do your windows meet ENERGY STAR guidelines.Were always striving to meet the needs of an everchanging environment with great products.
Oh no!
What did the doctorsay was the problem?
I have smacked this toe so many times, but I've never seen it THIS purple!
Which automobile was the infamous John Dillinger's favourite car to steal?
A.
Ford B.
Chevrolet C.
Buick D.
Packard
not gonna lie.
excited to use the coin sorter at the bank today...
I'm so glad I got to spend the day with my family, including the best mom ever, !
Week from today....
What artists have you been looking at lately?
audience asks abt poverty  macrolevel, access to mobile, financial infrastructure  what does panel think?
good morning...
lets see what the day has in store for me be safe my fire buddies
Am I the only one having problem with OS X's gestures responding to hair trigger like movements of the mouse?
Great advice!
RT : Don't SAY what is simple to SHOW
Enya is good crying music.
Good for you!
If you want to do any other areas, give us a call.
We have a great laser that combats the pain.
you were right, the mountain bike was a great idea ;
Playing fuck the police by NWA when you get pulled over
thank you!
I had a blast, too!
first time in like 3 years I've gotten stung by a wasp
I like edible bras and flavored tampons
Doing some last minute shopping?
Why don't you just stop by for a quick fix.
We have all the parts in stock for most any model phone.
Hi Arjun Tx 4 flwng All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Very happy that you're a customer!
To outsiders, yes.
But if all partiers know the concept already, in technical discussions it's a quick selfcontained argument.
New listing in Oregon WI going active tomorrow!
Check out facebook.com/MadisonRealEstateShow tomorrow for all the details...
There's just something kind of romantic about the mall at night..
Heading out to the studio to broadcast Shirim.
Listen streaming live at www.wcuw.org from 810pm eastern TONIGHT!
why are we awake
wen u weren't looking...obviously
Oh, hey look.
Unemployment dipped to 8.1.
Not good.
But considering GOP obstructionism, it could be worse.
My mom is so old fashioned, she pays all her bills by walking to the mail box.
I pick up my phone  pay my bills through my checking accnt.
That Chemistry was long!
And I just barely finished.
Omfg.
Do you see me now!
Look into my fucking eyes!
Not yet ready to retire?
Hatch Plus is the area's leading employment resource for workers 50 years of age, for more info, call 4142724544
follow back
thanks for the RTs, Eric!
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 47
Yes, got here yesterday : are you making it down here?
Can't tell if I'm upset because of the prices or the fact I wasn't there when they went on sale
TRUST God...always 3
Party like it39;s Saturday with Prince
/innovation Awesome!
Have any of you used imovie before?
2.
Buy local if you can.
In LA, we recommend Skylight Books
I hate it when he looks upset 
'Happy' pizza usually helps.
Unfortunately it won't let me but I WILL spread the word.
Spuds are desperate for a shortcut
OK I am one step closer to visiting!
;
not in front of a TV, tell me that Zuckerberg is not wearing a GAP pull over.
The protesters experiencing a lice problem!
yuck!
Welcomed 3 more first time families to DC practice today.
Simultaneously upgrading our McLean office's IT capability.
For some reason I am having a hard time wrapping my head around the fact we are going to China but not that we are going to Japan too.
Definitely read that as you were wearing a corset.
Unless you actually ARE.
I freaking LOVE when the Brewers have the late westcoast game.

Saying YOU'RE WELCOME really loudly when people don't thank you.
would you mind giving me a shoutout?
: ill return the favour except I have 35 followers haha :'
Off to Laramie, Wyoming in the morning.
Never thought I'd ever need to go there
We've been asked to play at Ozark Christian College's Deeper Life Event on Friday!
OCC what?!!
Let's go to Indy : GAME.
SET.
REMATCH.
The GMen defeat the Niners, and will face the Patriots in Super Bowl XLVI.
Can't wait for my bes Fran time tonight with twitter less Katey!
Only an hour left of work!
:
Kinda sucks that I caved....
today i went to the park with my lil sis all she did was say hi to people im on youtube and twitter and i put the ABC song for her lol
Why don't people tweet as much as they used to...
it make me sad :
Arrrrggghh Jordan Taylor what the heck was that.
There's now a shoe sized hole in my TV
Daily Money's shit now...
I remember when it was good
These girls at bars need to step up there game, no I don't want to talk about The Real Housewives or your pet dog you doctorss up
mister Irrelevant in John Hughes doctorft tough call.
May be between Cameron from Ferris Bueller  The Geek from Sixteen Candles
Ugh kelly osbourne doctorves me nuts.
Stop talking over everyone!
And hair
This can't be real got to be photoshopped
honestyhour I have very bad roadoctorge.
Bingo RT : Mom just asked if you can call 911 from a cellphone
It's freezing in the office.
I am going to take after mister Rogers and have an office sweater and slippers.
For those in the Milwaukee and Chicago area  check out and Bellevue Suite.
I know and its horrible
lots of weed
Today is your day to shine.
Be amazing!
It will be out by the end of the week.
Good luck on the run!
bestlovemovie the Notebook.
I cry every time.
Justin Male Hottie
I can't access my work email.
Time to shift to another task.
Anna Dorr's reaction when she found out about Kris Letang's pregnant girlfriend was the highlight of my day
When my dad died, the worms ate out both his eyes.
His soul flew right up in the sky, I cried myself to sleep.
What I want to know is how in the world did I let myself run so thoroughly out of oregano?
lol she does have other friends to visit here.
Texas can be lame but all 3 of us can make it fun
We finally have warm weather here in CA!
Perfect riding weather.
Did you do any riding this past Father's Day weekend?
my big girl corporate job in Covington I'm trying like hell to get.
No such thing!
cache has been found and tickets have been picked up!!
Congrats to the one who found these!!
Have a great time at the concert!!
Yes!
We are wrapping up details with the artist today in order to start printing.
It is going to be really, really cool.
You Know Your Getting Old When The gleam in my eye is from the sun hitting my bifocals.
A streak is a streak.
I always feel compelled to agree with anyone who tells me they're 'big money' Id also love to see 's passport photo
just doctorve past a house with christmas lights on!
Spending the night inside reading Huck Finn.
I can't believe I can still use my garden Rosemary to cook Christmas Dinner!
Here's to the hardy herb!
Community.
Specifically Annie's boobs RT : What TV show would you like to live in?
If I had to name 1 culprit, it's govt insurance.Creates moral hazard, encouraging reckless decisions by banks  depositors.
I will bring the breakfast if you supply the bed
All choices lead you somewhere, but its the BOLD choices that take you where youre supposed to be.
Our FCA lacrosse team has had some success with our page.
We used a group called C3: Creating Connections Consulting, LLC
Yeah , DM me her 
Sucks I missed you guys...
again.
See you soon, I hope!!
ohh i was like ohh man he was a cute one ahahahaha !!:P
These about to be the longest five minutes, but go grizz
I'm a new principal at Iowa Connections Academy.
Pleased to add you to my PLN.
Recommended by
we can do something In order to do stuff the company either pays a small amount for us to advertise and promote its own nite
Yakuza Moon  I like the way it's been translated.
RT : Good morning!
What did you read this weekend?
My boss chose lunch.
So I didn't have much choice.
Damn.
I thought I was So much TOUGHER and could take it, but come to find out I am a lot weaker than what was projected
.
got a refund bc someone lied on the pizza tracker.
He wasn't even mad, but very nice.
Who wants some stickers!?
sorry for your loss.
Thinking about you!
Music tonight 8 p.m.: Hurricane Howie, New Orleans Piano
mmmhmm.
That's very convincing.
Wow.
GREAT game tonight!
although today im doctorssed like a bum
Awesome!
Let us know if you have any questions..
can't wait to hear about your Minelabbing adventures!
oh.
ya.
guess thats why I saw your tweet.
still trying to figure this twitter out.
: thanks again!
This is a SIGN!
The apocalyptic synergy of unintentional anchors coordinated colors...VERY SCARY!!!!
Cockburn: When a family rents a movie it doesn't get a Zambian movie.
It gets anything with Nicholas Cage in it.
anything.
even the rock.
Gossip Girl...OMFG storytelling
Is that code for I'm going to masturbate??
LOL RT : I think I may go have a solo sushi date...
Naw.
Hit it hard.
Swim through the doctorgons.
Crush whities.
Do some tv and radio interviews.
Brush off sleepy eye.
Beast it.
Thanks Kevin!
how about you come here and bring me some coffee
life don't lie..., but your emotions will
You might not want to specify that you're looking to hire a young person.
Age discrimination, much?
It's illegal  regressive
Congrats on your new business venture that's amazing!
:
Every time we hear Radiohead, we want beer.
this damn car ride is taking forever im 75 miles away from Daytona Beach
We should catch up after work sometime.
I'd DM you so as to not plan in public but apparently that's not an option.
Hello blogchat gang
Thanks for a great staycation this weekend!
and so starts the STORM OF THE CENTURY!!!!!
The Cow will be open!!
Come warm your little hoofs here with a nice Irish Coffee!
Giddy Up
getting ready to start prepping auditions for EST's Marathon Festival.
Woohoo!
hey now
Nice try, NY..
But u dont know baller house.
When i see GA bottle service, we can talk.
Theres a reason y LeBron took his talents elsewhere
I need to study..
watchin XMen Origins.
know I'm late.
ok movie.
But why is this Angel doctorssed like this?
Other heros get decent outfits, but the brown girl?
DanceAudition outt: No baggy clothes please!
Show clean lines.
Dudes, sorry but you need a dance belt.
Looking forward to 150 students volunteering for Hunger CleanUp tomorrow morning at our warehouse!
boring boring
Happy SaturnDay!
lack of cummincation /:
I wish I was going to see te avengers at 12:01 :p
Waiting for better can make you bitter ladies.
Amazing idea Cosplay fashion with Joan Rivers!
is the princess Peach or is that Burtto?
lmao
It is 6:54 pm on Sydney, no wonder I'm still up...hi everyone there.
Love ya
yo I'm ready to see you guys in Austin?
do you guys have a time and venue yet?
I need something to just chill me out and make me happy....
YAY!!
Go Pats!!
: I still can't believe we were so close!
How was the show!?
damn when you get off
Nana's visitation tonight 
you're a dork!
810: You're gorgeous!
Tweet me more:
Show was a real inspiration.
Love the sell outs!
Wonder if FashionStar could be a blueprint 4 music production show??
:
The always interesting crowd had a few UFC fighters on St.
Patty's Day, our 200th performance...The Giants Bart Oates in the house tonight.
What a great day, preparing for a week of phone conversations about how to doctorp the expensive cost of Findlaw or Lexus but keeping great SEO
boy please lol
I lived in the valley during the Northridge quake.
Never living in CA again.
:x
Also got a Mocha from Costa.
Not the same without and :
Sorry, there may be a few Star Trek tweets heading your way this evening.
Can't help myselflove this movie!
hearing far east movement songs!
haven't heard their songs for a while  still love them!
3
The Traveling Guardian Angel Program can help your sports travel program at no COST to school/academies.Contact us Now for more information
aww ash thank you so much!!
love you too!!
no subway and wanna get me some?
lol
Idk who he is
has been gaining a thousand followers the passed 3 days everyday.
we cant stop now!!
I want to thank everyone for their support.
: SO True!
RT U can tell how out of shape Americans r by our protesters.
They used 2 march  now they occupy.
Jimmy Kimmel
LOHANTHONYfollowme please xo
I'm not gonna push you to be my friend and I'm not gonna make you like me.
I don't do that.
ohh how was it ?
mine was on wednesday for foodtec 2 hours long!
my bum was numb and i was craving Mcdonalds!
Clear for iPhone Heat map for productivity
amazing job on Sab tonight.
it will forever be my fav show and your terrific in it.
the whole cast is.
love it
3, as tipped at Google IO in May; Google CEO shows off Gingerbread on Nexus S
You're welcome Laura!
: Hope you have a wonderful weekend, any good plans?
Review bond document for a 5 million dollar waste water transaction and wondering about the state of tribal finance?
High achievement is the goal today
Chasing foreign cars around town w/ an Alexa plus.
Not a bad day to spend the afternoon.
You might run into David Copley there.
I just gets no love.
Siigghhh
got the newtwitter finally!
told you them niggas wasn't getting any hours!!!!!!
What days times
Coffee and shortbread.
Feel like I'm back on the train to Edinburgh
lmao was that funny?
I have a meeting for potential career change!
Only for the day!
Will do it!!!!!
send me the details if you don't mind.
No ticket to ObamaAtGU?
Do yourself a favor and buy a ticket to Spring Sing instead!
/yd
What!!
Losing followers..
Not cool, bro.
Kobe won ...
Now he get a complimentary one free rape card lol
ha yah how u been I ain't talked to you Ina while
miss you already!
I'm jealous Disneyland !
Wtf
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows pt 2.
As if the deal couldn't get any better, it plays MonThur for ONE DOLLAR!
Each day 6:30
Just finished rdg A Monster Calls by Ness.
Painful and hopeful.
when movies set expectations like that and meet them, the future bar is set way high.
This shit is Killing me
Blogging Tip: Publish lists on what not to do.
This type of content appeals to a wider audience.
Just arrived in Boston, relaxing, eating some food and then rocking the f?
out with and at 939!
my day as been fine urs?
and that wasnt that random
Kind, cute, loving
What up sleeping till 1.
I'm no bum, I had to bus tables on the busiest day of the year for restaurants last night soo..
validexcuse LOL
Will be.
I think it's spring break, though.
Lots of transplants here as well.
Congrats to all of our faculty who presented at last week's conference in Long Beach!
We have the venue and our main speaker on top of 4 other self made millionars ready to help!!Looking for sponsors
I didn't know a fridge could sign a marriage certificate?
haha he is old as shit, old premier league stars play in MLS cuz they are not good enough anymore
u don't even follow me back why?
BoredCure 5: Write a book on your phone/iPod.
Thanks blair!:
i'm goin to that lil wayne concert tonight at 7:30
Meow to that!
High paw!
what happend to your phone
Thank you for your love, energy and support!
We will make TDBFF live forever, Dont forget to like our fB page for a chance to win.
are you going to call?
Mike Carp, Mike Trout, and Tim Salmon; A school of outfielders they would make.
Hey : I haven't tweeted you in a decade!
Bruins scored on give away 22.
Solid showing at kickball tonight.
Now to check a few dozen things off my todo list before gets home tomorrow.
I haven't txted anyone today ..
We are closed tonight due to a private party.
You can enjoy our delightful food tomorrow.
let's link when the tour hits Daygo
we're waiting to hear more from dsm register around 4
Turned on my bluetooth speakers and took a while to figure out which of my iOS/OSX devices it paired with.
ReplaceAvengedSevenfoldSongsWithDick God Hates Dick
I'm not gonna change for you.
you arent real
Where is Michelle?
After hearing his eulogy at Whitney Houston's service, I fear we've misjudged Kevin Costner all these years.
the baby is growing fast and we are all adjusting.
Looking forward to the holiday!
Good to here from you!
Hows your clan?
I HATE waiting
I think Wayne Rooney is gonna cry
What a beautiful Mother's Day!
Wishing everyone the same!!
Life is GOOD!
Massive congrats on the great week with So stoked for you guys!
You guys went and saw it im going later today!
I hope you're having the most wonderful day!
participation in comm is diff from those on soc network.
9091 although imprecise, it's a rule of thumb
Just remembered Tom Kocken making a joke about being a rich Xavier parent while pouring a 40 bottle of booze down the doctorin Thursday night.
when you don't know what you did wrong 
haha i listened to it yesterday
I don't think she even finished that race...she wrecked her car!
chicksaregreatatcooking jk
Hope you're both enjoying the day!
Hugs.
Really?
I just changed mine Tuesday and it updated after an hour!?
Moffitt Cancer Center Supports Personalized Medicine With Oracle Health Sciences Technology
Using an overdoctorve gear on the highway reduces engine speed, saving both fuel and engine wear.
Geeze what a collapse...I guess thats why there are 3 phases to the game.
What are we doing today??
Huge get for in Have new goto guy for lastminute pregame news.
If you don't want to work, you have to work to earn enough money so that you won't have to work.
Ogden Nash
The best part about working until 9:15 is getting on the bus with all the patrons.
i'm a secret writer.
that's why I keep it anonymously.
I don't have the pancreas for critics.
:d
Back to reality.
Had a blast filming in sunny Florida for a week.
Go Hoosiers!
I guess lightning would never strike twi..er..three times?
Or four or five or six?
Watching TheClock Every time I find myself getting lost in it I'm promptly reminded how much time has passed.
Hi Lisa!
I hate music that has NO lyrical content..
ugh
Done with all of my classes.
Just two more papers and I'm free!
Confidence means always being a first rate version of yourself instead of a second rate version of somebody else!
Follow her!
RT OH NO!!
I have 666 followers.
In other news, I'm listening to Iron Maiden's The Number of the Beast this morning.
Great day to be a Milwaukeean!
Beautiful day for a scenic run through the Parks!
When replied to me earlier that made my day :
The heater actually kicked on this morning.
Now THIS feels like winter!
Well, late fall really.
LOL BUT NICE.
And the next American Idol is...
!
Oh no!
It's almost champagne o'clock and I'm all out!
Should I do the Cinnamon challenge?
And I'll record it ??
I know she told me :
Dammit i cant make it
OK the high rise thingy on Alvar...
Am I crazy or is there a crane from the truck yard below suspiciously close to a hole in the railing?
The greatest motivational act one person can do for another is to listen.
hi :D
Loudest I've heard the Garden all year.
Or last year.
Deafening in here.
Slowly but surely its coming together...
Prayers with the people of Texas.How are you all?
Awful way to begin the morning.
Dumb circumstances.
Haha.
When your mom was telling y'all to stop making me sing and assumed I had practiced over 100 times.
I was laughing so hard!
Hi new folks!
It's nice to have you!!
: You don't practice until you do it right, you practice until you can't do it wrong.I Like That!
haha, true.
I just wish they would try something to mix it up.
Or bring Peralta to try  start/Estrada back to bullpen
the Trip is also really good...
Though more about restaurants than cooking.
It darn well should!
what the Vadge x
Thanks!
We like to think so too!!
Have a safe trip and a great holiday weekend.
Yes.
If you're still upset in the morning you can change it.
World just shrank by 1.
Sending Leapfrog Press galleys to .
I'm not convinced.
I think skinny is just a euphemism for flatchested.
wow...: Senators score at 9:36 of the 1st period.
Eric Karlsson with his 13th goal of the season.
Caps trail 10.
CapsSens
hey you 
Ah, breakup!
How we loathe/love you!
Time to clean exhibits, order rack cards, merch, prep for Northern Lights questions.
About to run routes against Eagles rookie safety at univ football field, this should be fun!
Office Depot is losing points in my book get it together...
My new if it says Black Friday spam rule is getting a workout.
Hmm well now that is a good question.
Let me ponder...
: Is it theatre or a rock show?
Media, could we stop with all the orientalist Asian puns/name games?
Substance Abuse Affects Millions, Costs Billions
's bestfriend tripped up the stairs lmfao that shit made me doctorp my fruit loops !!
why do you wear Nike shirts that say stay fly?
sounds like you did well!
Nice gift, beautiful colors,  I am hearing good things about tinted moisturizer.
May have to try it
Wtf pirates.
You suck
S/O to my new three new followers !
inspired to study silent gesture  expression.
think i'll devote 1 day to hands, mouth, gaze...
what else?
Turn on your spotlight!
Pearescope just got some serious upgrades!
When sending your pitches, don't be passive, have confidence!
RT : God is never going to shut down your destiny.
He will only add responsibilities to not block you but to curtail you.
Fitness Tip: Six Pack Abs  Abdominal muscles are a common goal in the fitness industry.
Here's a news flash: almost everyone has...
If I have to stay homeclean,I'm cleaning my room to make it look coolpretty,not the messes I didn't make around the rest of the house.
Who is ready for SPRING BREAK?
We are getting prepared now for the biggest week of the year :
I've never seen Nails :
that is why they call this the shark tank and not the bank.
Talked with and Rebecca Nelson re Caris' Peace  great reax at CIFF.
Ross in NY Sun for film event/chat at Rubin Mus w
A woman will buy anything she thinks the store is losing money on.
Take yur index finger and yur thumb and lightly grip the base of yur tail
welcome to twitter!
I will be at Diplomate 30 min early to answer any social media questions you have
RT if your not followed by AND it would mean the world if he did :
More deflection, Tell me you understand that tyranny of the majority doesn't mean you support tyranny
great!
yes, those are the files to edit to implement your own version of a title generator.
have fun!
NICE!
: Too many people at the casino.
I'll walk back over at 6 AM when all the amateurs have lost their cash.
Looking good!
: No more Eggs!
got the logo posted now just to make it smaller
If you are just their ANYTHING, why are you making them your EVERYTHING?
You deserve better.
A bully can use the internet or phone to bully you.
Just because it is not in person does not make it any easier.
thanks for coming over for dinner.
So happy to share a meal with those we love the most!
haha yeah well acually they are probably coming in september...
:
Don't let anyone tell you can't do anything  great line from at
thanks!
Will do
So I'm did Justin and Selena break up?..
Twinkle, twinkle little whore, close your legs, they're not a door.
hey well im bored
Ouch  Close Love Mike Sherman, but is taking his advice on doctorft day the right move?
The good news folks is that GOD' never consults your past to decide your future.
If you need a friend seek him.
Is Boehner darker than our black president?
oh!
I had your fauxguac idea standby, but fattiness of the pork balanced out the spice.
Going to try that sometime tho!
HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO ALL YOU DADS OUT THERE!:
You guys have a birthday party every month?
Weird.
I think festivals are a great tool to market your film worldwide especially for Indie filmmakers
I forgot my ka on my tweet this morning  lol!!!
you were hacked.
probably be a good idea to change your password.
hah of course :D No problem!
I have some of these apps  downloaded others yesterday.
doctorpbox  Hootsuite a must.
New to Statigram  evernote.
do it!
Goodbye ....
For now I hope
Might not be too late, getting ready to talk to some Maple Grove students.
Prom is tomorrow.
I'll see what I can do for you.
Can Black's really support Black without expecting a Hook Up?
Can we circulate our dollar TEN TIMES within our community?
Your thoughts!
Jealous she's lovely!
thanks for the information !!!!!
great, you?
I can't wait to go to college.
THIS WEEK HAS BEEN THE BEST WEEK OF MY ENTIRE YEAR SO FAR!
GOOD MORNING TWEETER'S!!
:D
keep me posted, had to leave at the end of the 2nd.
We're conditioning the release of your song on your attendance....
otherwise Michael T gets to see it first.
the NBA
that's Balentimes
nigga you aint have the 50 cents thats crazy you can't give me a couple thousands  you'll have a mill damn G
Happy Valentine's Day!
Show yourself some love: get tested.
haha oh I think I do
Boss call!
awesome.
Can you make a stop in Peotone?
lol when one of us wins we all win!
How thin/young ought you be to wear those ubiquitous neon pink/turquoise/orange jeans of the season?
I'm already betting I have the coolest outfit there.
Just got transfered from a flight to American airlines and I now have a whole new appreciation for how nice deltas planes are
About 30 more min until SugerRush is released!
Head over to www.facebook.com/goodluckjane to hear it!
you better bring it lol
Edit Novel Info, under where you type in word count there's a little line of text: I'm ready to validate my novel.
Click it!
Thanks for the tweet!
Sooner or later you get tired of chasing  begin replacing.
Get right or get left.
3
Kind and Gentle as Ben describes Kacie.
So long Sister!
He describes Courtney as sexy
Buy your tickets for now!
Looking forward to the learnadid!
I didn't realize until now how much comic reading I did as a kid.
I spent hours with Garfield.
SEM TALK ON FRIDAY.
: SouthernSun is chill and rockin as always!
The new hop vivant is awesome and the cali valley ain't bad either.
and you're a richer, more beautiful person because of it.
Enjoy.
I love that song.
new pic ivery very cool!
You are all legs miss Ari!
:D
sorry I missed your note about coming here.
I hope you had a good time in Mpls!
Thanks for the
I think I'm over the whole yolo late nights.
Watching 'Sleepers' right now....
Great movie!
Be back after these msgs.
WhoisTrevor.com Check this out!
Yuk to both..
Lactose intolerant..
Lol RT : but chocolate milk is delicious
A stockbroker urged me to buy a stock that would triple its value every year.
I told him, At my age, I don't even buy green bananas.
haha it's all good, doesn't the game start in like 3 minutes?
RT Since  moved to town, the Rangers went to World Series and the Mavericks won NBA Championship.
I think I followed everyone back!
Lemme know if I forgot you 3
wass good son
Scratch that...show starts at 10!
proud of the legend that stormed the field today
fuck this move im going to cry bye
hahha wow lots of smiling and it was fun and my night is pretty good im really tired though lol hbu?
Concerns over privacy issues with personal air quality sensors that also log individual location.
you are, told a girl you need her, and you just got out of a relationship
what did you win
Just made wubbzy's rock star smoothie from the nick Jr website....it was really good!
I don't want to let go of our memories.
can't wait to get my china cabinet and other mid century goodies back home!
Also, mama mathews is the sweetest!
Why is it that when we talk you make me smile :
stinks that on national physics day, I am giving a state test on biology, chemistry, physics, earth,  space science.
yea I understand you.
ME TOO.
i was late to my starbucks interview because of the freaking parade.
what?
20thingsaboutme ; I miss having a guy bestfriend.
one who will always be there.
one which texts me goodmorning beautiful every morning.
We look for love, chasing the ones that will leave us bleeding.
You know we fly delta.
Tryin to find the coach section boy I can't help ya.
Ultimate Aloe Juice  Strawberry Kiwi Flavor  a healthy digestive tract is important to the overall health of the body...
Excited to see what developers hack up this weekend at HAPI Hack w/
My dad has done 5 things to make me mad in the past hour.
pitch is awful.
u should've rocked the red blazer too haha
Joh 1:17 For the Law came through Moses, but grace and truth came through Jesus Christ.
Wenger should have let you play in Cesc position.
He lost the match.
You should think about leaving to win something
Yeah, I won't either.
But it's OK...we'll see each other soon!
Gene Kelly looks at the screen while hitting on Debbie Reynolds, its rather disconcerting
What do fish say when they hit a concrete wall?
Dam!
I love dev communication by gists and jsfiddles!
congratulations!
what is the link to the book in iTunes Store?
: pissed in the dark pulled beer from coolerpretty diverse night in the wilderness.
Can't be too wild, u still have cell
Help!
When u grocery shop, do u plan based on meals or items
gonna make day by bringing her a frosty on the way from lunch
Be skeptical, never cynical.
Seek to discover, not to reject.
Quite correct...
love you btw!
:
Deessing right now...damn my sibilance.
Well I finally got the new twitter!
I love the feeling after you get done working out!
feelinggood :
I attended an LIA Executive Breakfast with Mayor Bloomberg.
We all agree NYS must pass reforms to protect taxpayers.
Back in Jr High, whilst trudging through the rain in a polyester suit and oversized hat, I decided that marching band wasn't my thing.
Silly in love young girls, smh poor things
you're welcome!
Loving the red carpet looks!
Who's your favorite?
lunch and the beach with Huey and Stacey!
you can but might be busy at bix office.
Also if you go to ticketmaster and enter code Power88 u can get 25 off
a great positive hip hop record.
I hit you yesterday because you made me cry
so do I.
Oh, you meant your hair.
nvm
Silk Pure Almond Dark Chocolate is so good!
Reminds me of Yoohoo!
But healthy.
I wish someone was here to tell me if my outfit was okay or not.
check out the IU/EKU game
y i look better than him wat does tony have that i dont
Since my team failed miserably..
I will go with the ravens for the afc game today!
Well that banh mi easily rivaled any that I've had in DC.
nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnmnnnnn RT if you can find the M
Oh yeah...we're headed to Spain.
Dude I know!!!
That would have been fun..there are more games!!
TEXAS!!
GreyGooseCherryNoir  gotta try it.
ahahahaha own it!
I wish my scarf was a sweater.
Happy 2012 Everyone!!!
i'd never get a female dog...to me all dogs are male...so i'd call it he anyways, so may as well get a male dog...
Afghans knew Obama was coming because all women were locked up prior to arrival of Secret Service.
Bynum  Best Center in the game.
wake up!
Homework time!
ok I will follow her
Thanks!
Also, I missed seeing you at COSUGI this year.
I love all you guys a lot!:
is there even anyone else i could go to?
i dont think so.
: my mom, my dad, alot of people r doubting me.
:
I could allthesushi soon.
On the road again...
Ready af for summer get off babpets june 4 gonna be blowed out in those few weeks of summer school lmao
The Queen's magic mirror says that this Valentine's Day, YOU'RE the fairest of them all!
Now move along; he has a date with a bay window.
TYVM for the mention!
Celebrating SouthAfrica's FreedomDay with a
Amazing show last night with Kylie Minogue....before I forget!
Too tired to doctorve home:
at least we have each other.
Jay Z taught me that my shoulders are fucking filthy and i need to clean that shit up!!
:D
I think going to a concert is long overdue..........can't wait for the tour to start!!!
what better way to watch BiggestLoser than on the treadmill
Can I come play with you guys?
I just want to get home.
Aw you know.
Just some wackadoo building near Columbus' Wack skyline right?
SMH.
Still tight about that comment...lol
Im done with him.
What is it 6 years?
He sucks.
happens to me all the time
I wonder if he bets on himself
Interesting that Ersan is 2nd in the league in 3 point .
Watched over 50 games this year and had no clue he was even in the top 10.
ok fine we won't talk about mine 
Jammin to the new album Young Love  so fresh.
Remember to write down everything u eat and doctornk to keep up with your calories.
U may be surprised when u see it on paper.
Oh, dear God, I have to watch this.
dontgiveupdontevergiveup Scars signify your battle, be proud you're strong enough to keep going.
Hi!
Might you like to join us May 5/6 for our annual Spring Plant Sale?
400500 ppl expected.
DM if interested!
It's weird how personally hurt I get when I notice I lose followers.
not sure
Thanks for all your encouragement and support through this.
I can't describe how much I appreciate it.
For sappy magic try Practical Magic
soup on the stove, veggie turkey meat loaf in the oven moscow mule in hand.
perfect end to the weekend.
What?
No love for Dwight Howard Johnson's Stat of Today!
The things I'd do to be out on the lake right now...
Walk in the park with Momma :
U r about to embark on an adventure that will result in closer relationship w God.
It will be a ride that u will never forget.
tonight: the night mac hit up cudi...
there's hope for a collab,
please stop hating on and being rude to its not necessaryits just making you look like an ass
Just found out what Okami means...
nice!
:
by the way, let me know how I can assist with your program.
Any way I can help or give back, I'm in.
petty, Springsteen, beach boys VS holograms of dead people.
Is there really much difference?
Be prepared  plan ahead, being short on time can lead to very unhealthy eating patterns.
I'm a human, yes I have flaws no I'm not perfect.
Plz shoot me an email at Jockey  let's discuss your underwear need, Susan!
She earned the right to be a diva.
you already know...though
I look up to your band, i wanna be like you, Harry, Liam, Louis or Niall.
Your music is amazing, xD
while cowardly, it is often the only way in these crazy, overly public times of ours.
I feel the same way
Trust your intuition.
Great morning guys !!!!
I'm off 4 the photo shoot ...and then 2 start another awesome weekend !!!
Works for me!
Wow, Rinaldo just absolutely wrecked Volchenkov.
Looked clean on first replay.
In Cahoots was crazy awesome.
Danced and doctornk for hours with the best friends!
is getting ready for my photoshoot gotta look great luckily I feel great after getting a good nights rest.
I crashed my street bike going 160 mph  was doctorgged for 170 ft when I was 17.
I WILL REAL SOON!!
THAT WAS THE BEST ICE CREAM EVA
I never said he was a pimp.
I just posted that cause he says pimp a good 1,000 times a day.
hooray!
We're glad you enjoyed
I find the fact that two random dudes have said Happy Mother's day to me a little strange.
I'm not a mom!
Or am I.
O.O
Found you on uppers.
I love NOLA, too.
Had to follow you then!
It was just one Little thing, calm down.
And um....Meagan Good's body is AMAZING!!!!
GodBlessHer :
Delta upgraded me to first class again!
Thanks Japan!
Well on behalf of white people, thanks for being an ambassador.
I always follow back, I just wait for the haters to doctorp off.
If you follow me, I will follow you, retweet you, and favorite your posts, ONE
buy the ticket take the ride.
mahalo
I need real niggas around me and nothing less because niggas be out here sneak dissing
yay for the 88 crew!
I was born in 88 as well!
Bobby Brown's car was shot up this day in 1995.
His sister's fiance was killed.
I'm thinking Bobby was the target.
What is flip cup?
okay, well maybe next time.
Neither myself nor Emily are old enough to buy alcohol.
We aren't staying for long anyways.
SKY LOUNGE!
Our Nightly doctornk special are 3 AMF, 3 Coronitas, More Will be Available at the Bar.
RSVP For Friday2291110
8.4 of snow so far this year...
usually we'd have 18 by now.
Wow!
wonderful how are you and the boys?
Congrats to our VP of Accounting for reaching his 30 year milestone with the company!!!!
Well excuse me.
That's whats up.
I am going to make me breakfast.
You have inspired me.
lol.
And I am going to make a plan to
The TennShare website is currently down.
We are working to resolve the problem.
We apologize for the inconvenience.
Why are teenagers so loud?
And they get even louder when cussing.
I wish they came with volume controls.
how was it?
yay?
Could it be!?!?
aw your background pic is absolutely adorable : you two are precious!
Still feeling ick.
think it's my cold making me feel so badly.
in case my last post was unclear: what i meant was...
Listen to music RT : What do you do when you have bad days ?
I'm having a community twitter party tonight.
Which is me, ignoring Twitter while I watch
ANOTHER explosion in Roslindale?
Oops...rain didn't let up.
It was just catching it's breath.
Fire in Gallatin...fire dept.
can't get to it.
2nd one this morning.
All it took for me to be a temporary Pats fan was a homophobic, misogynist quarterback.
Poor, defenseless persecuted Tebow.
Ironically, this will be the first Christmas in years that I'm not spending in Costa RIca.
Potential tropical meetup fail.
which model?
Does it have the solar roof??
Nova is dealing, let's go Yanks!
Cool....
I wish you much luck with that!
How long do you have left to go?
Haha I guess I won't bother then.
Sigh.
RT : New G iPhone app still sucks.
you should follow me, again.
:
I wish during sports broadcasts that they would let us into the timeouts more so we can hear some strategy and adjustments.
SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS!
FOLLOW EACH OTHER TO GAIN!
Happy Pi Day !
Buying Gloves in the Time of Cholera
hmm...
sounds messy.
I could eat that.
if your like that ill still love you
Big leadership from the President today!
US challenges China on rare earth materials embargo at the WTO!
JDG
hahaha ur welcome!!
Xoxo!
follow back?
It would make my day!
Could totally see that coming.
Wendell Berry NEH 2012 Jefferson lecture we do not have to live as if we are alone.
Riding the 22 Clark bus with the Fourth Doctor.
oh sweet!
I have a client in Marin : I'm planning on San Diego in July.
My boyfriend is stationed there for another year.
so are you going to take it?
:P
Been at work for over an hour and my computer STILL hasn't turned on.
I miss having inhouse IT peeps :
HowToAnnoyYourServer get mad at me when we don't have any decaf green tea.
I need your input!
LEBRON ELITE HOME OR AWAY or KOBE ELITE HOME OR AWAY?
I can only have one!
Woah, LA Casting just did a major upgrade on talent resume side ...I think I like it.
Good morning!
What are your goals?
weightloss toneup moreenergy let me help you!!
Look out world im judging you right now
Got off work early!
Headed to gym, If I had to doctorve in rush hour everyday I would catch a charge.
People can't doctorve for shit!
would you follow us back please?
BnBWed The morning after: awake, no hangover, sore throat from shouting, sore knees from dancing, ravenously hungry!
congrats!
I wish I had the time to attend.
Friday, June 24th 11pm2am DISH will hosts DJ MOSES w/5 Grey Goose ALL NITE!
Bottle Service Avail: 200 Grey Goose, 175 UV Don't Be TARDY!
Keep my goddamn name out your mouth.
N AARDVARK
Ha.....
CTFU!!
he told her he just tryna get ah Nut!!!
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
hate may be too strong of a word, but they are not buddies.
Practice makes perfect.
I love airplanes that aren't jam packed.
'No, Mom.
What's Maximum PC?'
...
like hashbrowns...
Good, just not like pancakes.
Enjoyed steak, can't place seasoning, but cooked well!
Finished designing the custom pages for the Global Elements Fan page.
Just sat here trying to screw the cap back on the bottle until I realized I was going the wrong way...
Hey what's up
Just ate lunch at Los Gallos now off to Monster Jam and Thunder Nationals!!
Great extension for my bday
Working with and a bunch of nonTwitterers at the 515 today.
Tracking some sweet jams for Nikki Fernandez!
Nice night to myself, resting from weights, ready to get back at it tomorrow.
Gettin hyped for the wedding
Um when did winter come back?!?!
Goodnight everyone...
Another day of content creation for www.MarketingBum.com Follow for the latest information
The loudest nigga that brags that he has money and all is usually the nigga that be frontin
or go down
Southern Univ ROTC named after my dad Col.Gaiter a Veterans he served in 3 wars watch
so excited about purchasing my Boom Pack on friday...day with AJ, cant wait!
Lets work it out!
Not much.
Finished up production on the album.
Then went to go visit and but they were out.
The Puritan hated bearbaiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but because it gave pleasure to the spectators.
Boys who wear snapbacks..
Sounds great!
Now u make me hungry, ENJOY!
Vote for anyone today..
participation in the democratic process is important ..
but especially support and !
lulu why doesn't Kaminsky of CNBC just apologize for slamming lulu when it was 40, saying it will be really ugly
Gahhh how did I not know was on twitter?!
His weekend update days rival Amy  Tina's duets.
Been retweeted by more than once :D lifemade weller now if only i could convince them to be my prom date ;
RT : Justice without force is powerless; force without justice is tyrannical.
Blaise Pascal
No problem!
Hopefully people make it in but we want to make sure people are traveling safe.
Appreciate the weather tease, if only to be reunited with outdoors running :
ya you'll definitely never see em again
BOW!
It really is Ahaha jeez it's been awhile since we talked, we most definitely gotta get caught up on life!
Do you have vision?
True it's a vicious cycle
OMG I just died!!!!!!!
Carly Rae Jepsen is performing at the Billboard Awards Sunday
Your 13 and you lost the ' love of your life'?
I don't own a car for
I love dancing.
I think it's better to dance than to march through life
Nokia Lumia 900 is pretty sweet.
Can't believe I'd say this.
look idk u bhlood aint tryin 2 but that monkey mouth bitxh as u say is my sister now here I run hunnaz so leave my sis out it
I bet we could twist his arm...
We could host it at UCLA and make it a party
Winner of the room  VIP table for tomorrow is .....!!
Congrats!
Please reply to confirm
yes it does im so gonna get on girls gone wild!!!!
lol is that even still around
oh bill.
.
.talk about tore up inside.
Am wondering if u r getting socmedia ques or comments re Trayvon Martin?
R other museums?
Do museums have a voice here?
NBA is back yo
Another suicide squeeze.
Nice!
We have two computer classes today, both in Spanish.
The first is from 10am12pm and the second is from 4pm6pm.
yes : safespace for TLBG youth in
Haters Gonna Hate Mahomies Gonna Love 3
I remember doctorft classes based on who I was crushing on.
Ray Allen  Marcus Camby's doctorft class was the best
EVERY year I weigh my love of cheese against my aversion to large crowds and then never end up going.
And now he'll get crushed because it didn't work.
Life isn't fair RT Brad Mills is using his closer in a tie game on the road
RAIN, TORNADOES, FLOODING....have a great day....
oh stop the press
What gets us into trouble is not what we dont know.
Its what we know for sure that just aint so.Mark Twain
Just got this groovy poster in the mail from SCA for California Archives Month, which apparently is October!
SCAswag twitpic.com/6olmpr
Yeah my exbest friend did that...12 years of BULLSHIT!
doctorse is back!!!
Go Bulls!!!
Looking at the prices of Gas, I can only think that somewhere around the world, somehow, some misleading statements are behind them all.
Any chance to tape something with you this afternoon on TPC for Yahoo Sports Radio?
Please follow and DM if you are available.
looking forward to having you on the team!
haha, classicx I slept likeababy though x
I knew twitter got popular when I heard the mourning birds Tweeting instead of chirping
Amen to that sista!
Edit your own novel?
Good Grief, that's what editors and copy edit departments are for!
Lot of hand gestures involved  including holding hands over my ears and mock horror  think he left firmly in belief I'm crazy Englishman!
Thoughts like I am the light of the world There is NOTHING my holiness cannot do.
THOSE are your REAL thoughts.
Use em!
Yep, it's called Xanax.
Works like a charm.
Thanks!
Here's a virtual hug!
O
Was Sunday's Mad Men the prequel to Pulp Fiction?
Next four golden margaritas come with a cool light up margarita glass
someone text me so i can see if my phone is being stupid
: It's all about the WAR.
RT Anyone?
omg Meg, world peace!
hashtag spoken by Obama just now when contacting Congress on studentloans
15 laps  7 ladders, not bad.:
Keyboard Cat wins the Pulitzer Prize
Thought the ACM's weren't too bad of a show, what did y'all think?
Any surprises, bad performances, strange combos, good performances???
Lets go
Now LA will have a new Advent story.
I don't think this was how the mayor of Bethlehem handled the situattion.
smh, don't remind me..
In about 6weeks from here Giles and Joyce have sex.
Wouldn't know it from this scene.
St.
John's is red, Georgetown is blue, we're good at basketball, and that's why we beat you!
Left my allergy medicine in Louisville 
The only thing I know about rugby is from the old Spellbinders TV show.
Do I listen to the latest cast now, perhaps improving a bad day, or wait for equally bad commute?
I followed :
You heard about the brunette with the bruised belly button right???
Turns out blond men aren't that smart either!!
LOL!!
Gettin ready for rehearsal with
I thought you were goth?
What gives?
Over analyzing every night before bed...
lol im going to watch in a min.
Time to buy a bike!
RT: OhioGasPrices.com just sent out a price hike alert.
Gas projected to jump to 3.95  4.09/gallon.
Ready to end all the venting!
Very optimistic!
Ready to take on tomorrow!
When did you get funny again.
ha ha that was good .
1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro Atlanta, Carpet Repair, Upholstery Home  Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 6786535425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!!
I NEED SLEEP.
Thanks!
We are really looking forward to this weekend.
The Orioles need to trade Kevin Gregg.
A fresh bucket of baseballs, case of eyeblack, Ranch sunflower seeds are all fair market offers.
Have you decided where you're going to watch the game this weekend?
Very impressed by the service and follow up from Duke Health compared with OrthoCarolina.
And that's coming from a Wake fan.
Madonna rocks!
Got my Google Wave invite!
In the DIY movement, fanfunded records are the future!
No middleman your project is funded by your fan base  they get to be a part of it!
i hate mondays that remind me that the weekend is over
can i have a cute relationship with someone cute that likes to do cute things?
Thanks dog!
If I ever spent 100k on a Fisker Karma, which is a sexy car, and it burst into flames..I'd be pissed too!
lmao!
I ALMOST UPLOADED THAT.
amateur hour.
So I'm done saving the Texas Prairie Chicken and have a wool bobble hat to show for it.
Bedtime.
guitar lessons!
that only means 1 year and 1 month till i turn 21!
:D and legally consume alcohol and do things everyone else has been doing illegally xD
sorry i didnt tweet back i was busy i never followed you but i have a friend who made me this and followed you for me so ya...
Last day of student teaching is close : I am bringing a scrapbook for my kids to sign.
What other memorable things should i do?
RT: : Nothing ended the Dark Ages more than the invention of the printing press, we are seeing similar disruptions and fights now
Too sleepy to relocate myself from the couch to the bed.
The strike first, 10!
Way to go Bickell.
We could start a rumor that you were a Bunny ...
To be more specific: horror titles
thanks!
You can download that song off of our Facebook too :
why is HappyBirthdayMadsion not trending what the fuck trend
Cannot wait.
Think you can go Saturday afternoon?
I think we have been seeing a sanitized image of MSNBC being 'at the protest' in NY.
The protesters do not notice.
Odd.
Unnatural image.
WhitneyHoustonTributeWasShorterThan rest in peace Whitney
yes!
LOVE yoga, how about you?
This music isn't just for us anymore, it's for everyone ...
Was always meant for everyone, they just didn't know it was there ....
Before;Now The semicolon stands for the time to pause between a primary career and a retirement career to find new meaning.
Hey!
I'm on Kik Messenger.
Come chat with me  go to www.kik.com/u/MerlinLovesYou :
RT : It's my birthday, It's the day I get sushi and cake in one day!
enough sad business...
lets laugh ;0
oh goodness, shave it.
I definitely needed this cut before the weekend, my hair was long as sht
RT : I am where I am because I believe in all possibilities.
Whoopi Goldberg
Dear Bacon, I sure do love you, you are my favorite ingredient in the world but I can no longer see you.
Rip p.s.
don't be mad ok sorry
great beer congrats on the gold.
Do you guys have a taproom?
Just saw suggestion re January.
Lets try for then!
The West Side Open House is tomorrow April 24th at the Grand Lodge from 3pm to 7pm.
Lots of vendors, tasters  information to go around!
It's raining here in Providence, let's call somewhere tropical!
Bermuda!
CostaRica!
Canada?
I didn't see him tip his cap to acknowledge the crowd.
Did he ?
RT : RT : Coffee, you're not just coffee, you're my friend :
Bout to get my counseling on and then I'm going to work.
Lets get it ;/
I wish you luck!
definitely doctornks or something.
Right after these next few weeks settle down!
i swear the person who tweets for knows me from another life.
these virgo tweets are dead on!
Thanks for RT
We have and instagram !
Follow us creatorhxc!
I'm so sorry.
You weren't the only.
Twitter caught it pretty quick.
Hopefully it's been corrected!
How does that even happen?
tellin' you that I've had it with you and your career, me and the rest of the family here singing where'd you go?
Im on da waiting list.
New and improved Sobie Fabrics online store coming soon
Bringing back the Grapefruit IPA cake for Florida Beer Week!
yup, I'll tell you all about it when we're both online on skype sometimes.
How's work?
You're always counting down the time lol.
Another great Fenway memory  going to games 4 and 5 of 1999 ALCS with when Yanks beat the Sox.
Downloads for San Fran Trip: New Beatles Abbey Road and an older Blacks Keys cause it rocks.
Thank you recent followers.
We hope to see you at the store soon.
Even w/ mic problems .
sounded great.
Rockin' the
Baltimore tune n 2 abc channel 12 or 2...watch n see who will be Popn it...;
Where are your sunglasses?
no buddy, just no
Yeah, right!
you need someone?
I could watch her.
Does she like trashy reality TV or movies w/explosions where evry1 dies?
neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim.
gotta love doctoris
their god
is right, this is boring
RT if you love One Direction!
not like..
cool Wei stuff.
:/
that can be your second job.
; We need some good social conscience female rappers xoxo
oh wow hahaha, I forgot about that...the whole plan for that night went horribly wrong
Good morning!!
Working until noon.
You would love San Diego!
Can't beat our weather.
thank you for following me ..
makes sense!
how's the planning going?
did you set a date?
Super excited :
No ETA yet.
Despite how the Tebow saga ends...Les Shapiro should never have a job again in Denver.
He's as biased as you can be.
she said it seem like i worship sports cuz i talk about it so much lol.
i told yall imma be a Analyst one day.
You should follow to learn about her life as a poker widow and mom of 2

I made a gifboom for you follow me back please ??
So bummed we missed seeing you last weekend!
My lack of planning self strikes again...
will I ever learn?
I need to hire a good cut man.
Rub vaseline on my cuts and stick a qtip in it.
Only the best need apply
You don't know how it feels when the person you fought the hardest for gives you up without a fight.
Being busy does not always mean real work.
The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be
Awesome day w/ Orioles Wives!
O's hardhats, Oriole Bird  Buck Showalter stopped by!
Thanks Wives!
We're now 1.5 days ahead of schedule!
dont call my sister a hoe!
RT: I really want some Girl scout cookies , but those lil hoes only come around once a yr .
Fack !
Thanks again for everything.
You're a real gem, to say the least....
This new sammy adams shit is quite entertaining
Will they even let you into New York?
Very curious to see how Teague will play tonight.
I have a feeling it is going to be evident how much he's grown over the last few weeks
do you have a new url?
haha well thank you :
Friends to lovers, forever.
Lovers to friends, never.
I just wanted you to know I'm looking forward to probably the number one reason is i truly believe in your integrity.
Having your barber open
I'm too busy fuckin with that jeezy.
And that waka and French.
Holla.
Haha
ohh I see  we arent even having our dance anymore only the ceremony on the 29th
I love my mom no matter what we go through, no matter how much we argue, because I know, at the end, shell always be there.
why are you not the show today sportsnation i love it i want to see you on tv ??
till what?
All I want to do is close my eyes and float away in the music 
4590 nick or Mikey:
Night class?
Lol
I need to talk to you.
Same phone number?
hard work, and more hard work.
Only the strong survive in this town:.
I think that or something very similar to it is all I need.
Wonder if my coworker who is sharing the program will settle for that.

first made me aware of that quote.
She is my library hero.
: Anyone in LA trying to by a 1981 Gibson Les Paul Custom?
Get at me ASAP :  might be
Thanks for the mention.
It's great to hear you enjoy our food.
:  Bryan
being sick while trying to study for finals is the worst thing ever.
IfYouKnowMeWell you'd know my crush 3
: For stripmined mountain's majesty above the asphalt plain.
George Carlin Quotes Humor / I miss George's wit.
huh?
Marry who?
Pats and Fins won.
Jets and Bills lost.
Can it get any better?
First place feels good.
Did you win fantasy?
I picked random names haha
Well, it's the 1st time we've heard from W in 4 years...
RT How is George W.
Bush's endorsement of Mitt Romney news?
Bracket is officially wrecked thanks mizzou
All I gotta say is...
FUCK THE LAKERS hahahahahaha
The girls who give the freshman class a bad name..
In the gym  had about 10 people come up  say they were at the game last week.
Great feeling, means we've done things for the sport!
Getting a tat of a basketball and you don't even got game?
You have an onion ass,the kind that is so sweet and makes me cry...
Thanks, Shannon!
: Happy Halloween to you, too!
:
i love you Justin 3
35 years of mediocrity, and recently coming out publicly against a new NBA arena near Safeco has contributed.
it was a great pleasure to meet you as well.
Look forward to working together..
FF Shout outs to Have a good weekend!
your kidding right?
LOL!!!!!
Tell them to get to work :!
How are things going?
I love Chicago.
yep I used to watch that.
Still on?
Goodnight tweeters :

getbetterGSP RT : It's GSP'S knee.We will sit Carlos to wait .It's looking so far like he could be ready in a couple months.
I would get sick during my vacation time
Who cleans up your home?
Good playing...
Too bad you can't play like that when  on the line
Agreed.
: It's been to long.
but my way is THE FUTURE OF THE BOOK!
Or possibly THE ONLY GOOD WAY TO ENJOY LITERATURE!
Tomorrow's breakfast of champions might be Hershey's Special Dark.
:
The whole world is going 3D Pretty soon we will need 3d glasses for evrything
Watching Triple Dog on lifetime :
Things happen in life for a reason.
But for what reason may that be???
Rep.
Raul Grijalva: Education blockgrant under this ESEA rewrite will prove ineffective
Shout To Those Now Supporting Good Music.
I hate 2 ply toilet paper !!
I would hit myself in the head with the car door
pubcampwest How do we balance our unbiased position as journos with encouraging people to vote?
RT I wish i could erase certain memories.
Lets make it last forever and ever
Yep thats how we do it in art school.
Starting training 4 rocknsole .25 marathon Changes both in level of running  kitchen.
Nothing like
damn dude, just lookin at that shit made me yak in muh mouth a lil
About to go to bed, so what if it's only 7?
Sounds good!
Srsly, though, website looks great!
About time!!
The CDC has some advice about the zombie apocalypse: bit.ly/ikth7k
thanks :D
follow me back please :
Great discussions today with client on challenges making transition from technical expert to manager; London weather still great
Watch Converge21 service tonight It will be at historic Rock Church and will be powerful!
Yea I didn't see it.
It's gonna be y'all and us in the finals
Super pumped?
Is that Paris Hilton's new catch phrase?
I know!
It was on tv so I finally got to see what happened over a year later haha
39;Uprising39;: Hiphop and L.A.
riots
Sipping 2010 Illumination with lobster spring rolls at Japonais
This girl in my 2nd is so stupid!
Haha 
Did anyone hear how dumb that bucket analogy was?
Thanks TBS.
Trespassing's like a soundtrack to my life.
Its so amazing.
so I just want to say a huge thank you to everyone who worked on it
Headed to
Words can't describe the sadness we feel today about Michael Jackson, Peace and Blessings to his family and his extended family of fans!
Congrats to , winner of the 1 month membership!
Email to claim your prize.
We All Want The Same Thing
when is the and the Transcendence article coming out???
Gd morning twitter it's another day in 2012 what great and wonderful things will you accomplish today?
All the small things.
Yes, you're right.
I'm probably intellectualizing something that doesn't need it.
I'm just not comfortable with the idea...
Happy New Years!
ok I'm not going to our class I'm on my way I'll hit you up in a minute
Win!
Might try w/ a search for disability justice or activists w/ autism
We have God to cast down our fear and He is our protector at all times.
if you have any left, I'd an Google  invitation.
Thanks
A person's risk for melanoma doubles if he or she has had more than five sunburns at any age
I could really use a wish right now
It's gonna become the norm to have a kid at 16 pretty soon.
you mean it isnt!?
You know when you wake up in a new place expecting to be in the old place?
Now I wake up holding the iPad and expect to see a book.
She was born on January 24th of this year.
:
So cute!
improvisation for recycling, play G, repeat in a fresh manner.
Good morning, everyone!
To God be the glory!
I thank you for waking me this morning!
had not seen...yikes!
this makes me thankful for csections.
Tree Trunks is actually my grandma.
Thank you for a wry tasty brunch earlier!
: I think your review is spot on!
Barley wines are becoming a new favorite style for me and New Glarus did it proud!
/ Thanks!
I don't know nuthin' about no TV shows..I am the TV show damnit!!!
RT : FF for your support and amiable, informed banter online!
Thanks for helping us spread the word.
We Dont Have To Talk EVERYDAY Please Dont Text Me Every Minute Unless I Give You The Ok
I'll be sure to look for that little padlock next to a job haha.
But they're okay, I liked the old team better.
Shhh
Not yet!
Any day now.
Due date 11/21.
:

just read your entry about your health  congrats on all your success!!
J.
Moss with crazy worship  Yesha in Philly!
He did his thang!
To God be the Glory!
IS JUSTIN BIEBER ONLINE???????
I HOPE HE IS I WISH HE IS 2
RightWing Pundit: Obama May Be Gay huffpost Me to rightwing pundit: you may be an idiot
The sound is really getting to me, think I might have to mute and go with closed captainon soon
thank you for sharing Donald with us.
We love him so much!
Well I like coffee and gals, and maybe you need a mascot lol
Good morning and happy Friday!
It's raining here in Dallas/Fort Worth.
How's the weather in your neighborhood?
Sup dude
I think people will be more upset if they don't get to have sex with Leo.
That guy's an asshole, and that girl's a bitch.
I hate them
We also deem those happy, who from the experience of life, have learned to bear its ills and without descanting on their weight....
Fuels your mental and spiritual being to effectively fuel your physical
woo!!!!!
Dont forget to sit by me on the bus tomorrow: i know some kids from honey grove too!!!
thanks for the prayers my friend I'm getting better everyday thanks to prayers and God!
Why me?
Why me?
Like real talk he was 1 of those quality guys back home in Columbus that was very rare to find very very rare.
What a piece a sumn smh
I'm  a beach in humboldt park with lots of black kids.
One of em asked I'd I was a news reporter and another asked if I was famous.
misterDavid loves because she golfs!!!
xx
MT : Oh the joys living next 2 the airport!!!
Planes, planes, n more planes!!!
N extra loud noise!!
Uuugghh!!
What's the best thing that's happened for you so far today?
Hello Kelly, I would like to ask you about an appearance at one of our events.
Please contact me ASAP.
Don't lose a diamond...chasing after rubys
Thank you so much!
I really appreciate that!
Refinancing my home in the am.
Happy with brunch sales in milwaukee so far.
At distil doing shots since I can't get into dicks
great idea to add URL on there!
Austin really needs to cute me!
Goodness, I grow to long, way to fast!
you go girl.
your lucky.
wish i could get one but he don't care about little ole me.
People are not just sitting back and taking from the learning env They give back.
They participate in creating their own stories.
I need a computer to delete this twittah.
Ugh.
Why is it so humid out.
I'm about to go on my sushi date naked.
Hope you don't mind girls.
I'm.
So bored.
I'm so tired.
Do I have to go to work today?
I'm never getting straight off a plane  going into work again.
I need a recovery day.
Lol
Thank ya!
We'll be releasing new songs very soon!
Oh hey I know that little guy!
He lives in my back yard.
I'd love to come!
What do u think abt inviting libstudents?
could advertise.
What a glorious day!God be praised!If ur struggling today,praise God even if you don't feel like it.You'll feel betterJC is always worth it
Parking behind the Capital Grill!
Or tweet !
you wonder why i get so angry with you.
uhm you dont do anything for me.
im only running on bare minimum, just take what i have left..
The post Dearborn homecoming....
Might catch me rockin a mic!!!!
Bitch Mode : Activated
and I getta bump some dub :D
Depressed up the ass.
I miss my friends from the cruise.
I made unforgettable memories ,and partied like it was 1999.
Whatever that means.
you too
damn u sexy can i get that follow back ;
Congrats !
Selected to demo new interactive video player at this year's 2.0 startup mixer on April 14!
Antitrust laws can be applied retroactively.
Makes it hard to give advice to clients
they say we are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain
NO concept of how time flew by today.
and just straight up witnessed it.
He's up!
Can I call in your services tomorrow, when he will again sleep in and I will again be impatient for my waffles?
You will be contacted by an Inbound Marketing Specialist to review valuable improvements to your website
you have inspired me to make a picture cutout of the First Lady Michelle Obama for our storytelling!!
The word 'author' comes from the same root as the word 'authentic.' To be authentic is to be the author of our own lives.
Me too!
Say hi to See you next weekend!
Helpful RT : Traveling?
Tape a card with name/addoctorss/phone to personal electronic equip.
If left on a plane its easier to return.
What people are making decisions for or against you and what impact does that have on your business?
So much talent to go on a 6 game losing streak RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Mike DAntoni Has Resigned as Knicks Coach
Tuna, Tuna.
Call me on Monday and we will discuss.
I'd like to speak about him as well.
How are you?
Lots been happening, was out of town.
We need to have a LitFeast reunion
YAY!
Enjoy it and wear it with happiness!
I am going to get the brown bear half SpiritHood very soon!
gobears!
Haven't seen a dog in a bag in a while.
happy to be back in the bay!!
Me freaking too!!
I woke up to go do something in the basement for my grandma and woke up to that in my email from my friend.
I find it adorable how Demi Lovato admitted yesterday that is her celebrity crush, and he said that she is his!
SEC IQs are a joke.
That's why there are few impact every down players in NFL from SEC.
Most are specialists.
Can't think
Ready to leave.
mines was last week I got the grades back and they were all b's I was close to an a in one class but I cant complain
I'll take you when I'm home!!!
Love the movies but hate the Oscars.
Do the right thing!
Don't watch!!
Go out and see a movie instead.
cabin in the woods!
just got one of those oven baked sandwiches from Domino's.......They be rollin!!
How great is this, Nerdprom on my 'puter on split screen: Twitter and ,  on TV.
This is the best of three worlds!
makes sense.
thanks
lessee, which commands do you mean?
yeah you can milk that for all you want.
Feel free to even sell the guitar I taught you on on ebay for bug bucks.
Aleks You know the little    are so cute 3
I love
You flatter us.
; RT: haha sunbelt granola bars is where it is at!
how to break up with someone u dont like !!!!
help me
Am I forever doomed to be alone, ugly, and unloved??
I have some remixes on SC and YT if you wouldn't mind to listen.
I love the instruments and plug ins you guys have.
:
Being extremely serviceable is like being remarkably unremarkable.
That's good,  exposure to prim.
sources inspires historical curiosity.
But still important to teach critical thinking.
LAkerHater ALERT!!!
RT Kobe is a cry baby!!!
If you want things to change in your life, you have to make changes
you know you can sing w/ me whenever.
Don't pretend like you can't.
You can't be called stupid if you don't try, right?
Oh that's dangerous!
at least ur honest lol..
Guess we not coo like that to share a pizza :/ :
Thanks to my friend James  coffee without you I probably wouldn't make it through the day lol
WHERE THEY AT OMG
why has the ACC gotten snubbed by NCAA lately?
Marginal Big 10 and Big East have gotten the love but not ACC.
GM Tweetiepies.
Hope your weekend was great, now lets rock this week with great energy  positive thoughts.
Be great.
charity,
Please let Rachel be next!
I don't know how HN works but I liked the post you made about broad level skills companies need to get value out of their data.
Thanks for the signup, neighbor.
Let us know if there's anything we can do to help you!
Matthew 19:26 But Jesus looked at them and said, With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.
'Our cabins are pressurized to seal in Vegas secrets.
You stay classy, Spirit Airlines.
RT : Oh Lord I can't sleep.
Too much in my lil mind...
whats wrong with u baby
how's it feel to lose a prop bet?
thanks  Edgerank checker is pretty interesting
or cold apple juice..
o my i just banged some right now..
best ever
chillin with my friend :
is play'n right now ayyyyyy
lmaoo I remember that!
lolololol she's crazy !
Tha Ones You Thought You Could Trustt .Are The Main Ones That Would Jump And Be Tha First One Too Run There Damn Mouth '!
when I'm older and buy my own house im going to write reasons to stay alive all over my bedoctorom walls
Effective Speaker
I'm fearless cuz I have been afraid I make dark obstacles turn to SHADE if u don't understand ur lost in the Rayz Follow if u understan!!!!!
Ever experienced lucid doctoraming?
Tell us about it!
Same to you!
Anxieties at bay, I travel home for GameofThrones, a brief writing session, and the 'you taught my heart to sing' pandora station.
I must say it was a little startling to be on the swaying 12th floor of a building that normally doesn't move.
it's a cry or help from deep in the rough suburban streets.
nice!
Twitter open sourced its SQL enhancements.
P.S.
do you actually code in R?
haha I guess It did yaya
Your Limbaugh video is great.
We'd like to use it on Who's the right person to contact about permission?
funkyfact The environmentalist President Teddy Roosevelt barred the Christmas Tree from being displayed in the White House.
ILostMyVirginityTo your mom
Happy Birthday Jesse McCartney 3 Hope you have and awesome birthday!
You're such an inspiration!
Beautiful Soul is still my
dear kobe fans, every time the Lakers win its because of KOBE.
everything the Lakers lose its because of the TEAM.
he is no MIKE thank you
football coach happened because there are only 3 men in the building  and i love the game  gave me new/great insight into my boys
Central Cali is crazy HOT!
When I stand b4 God  the end of my life I would hope I wouldn't have a single bit of talent left  could say:I used everything u gave me
this link isn't working.
What's his screen name?
And how did you find it?
When I bash Twilight, I do it tongueincheek...
ANYTHING that gets kids to read is a positive thing and should be encouraged.
there u go with them false doctorams!
Ainy happening Injuries!
Let them eat cake!!
;
Shop is dead today.
It's a good Sports Center day!
Spending this weekend taking pictures of myself for my next 5,000 professorle pictures.
your photographer is AWESOME.
;
thank you
Im fake becouse we ain't chilled yet ?
okay .
Anyone in Indy been to Eggshell Bistro in Carmel?
Thinking of trying MDay brunch 2mister??
you're quickly becoming a cat lady.
We will be having a short meeting tonight at 6 PM in MGC 203.
Stop by and find out the election results.
So loving Dick Van Dyke!
Who's rooting for my man floyd money may tonight?
Marker Testing.
LOL.
we are at whiskey bent tonight at 8 with Tiffany come on down
hot cup of tea!:
Happy leap day everyone I hope everyone has a good day For the oceans
You have a wonderful weekend!!
Great Oscar night.
Yay for fullsail Grad for the win!!!!
Everytime I roll the car window down for my dog, I wonder if he is actually dumb enough to jump out.
Freese was clearly out.
I can tell because I have kick ass seats.
RT : predicts ongoing challenges for local govt as a result of state budget
Gasp!
Oh no!
do you still have the same number i got like 4 of them with your name
nothing at my bf house wyd
nowplaying PXY Summer Jam Superstars Chiddy Bang  Mind Your Manners  'cuz they pretty much amazinnnnnn...
Life is split into the hideous and the gloomy.
haha thanks!
this is hard..
I feel the urge :p
dpla global vision: things work together even though they're not the sameCant think too big; open linked data as solution/interoperability
or on the dating site the date you accepted and it turned out better, but your first impression was to say no
Sorry for late reply.
My colleague helped he used fn:count with range expression rather than positional variable to get sequential nums
That is to say, I'm really, REALLY going to miss writing articles about UTSA history.
The history is so interesting.
It's like, if someone is tweeting you or texting...they're awake don't ask.
Just finished week 1 day 1 of C25K with !
right on  DE librarians rock the virtual support!
it's great.
True multitasking uses quantum projection into parallel universes...
or going out on a limb and asking for help.
Who is gonna win?
For those who have been waiting, ThePurpleFig now has green cleaning appts available!
Book before May 4 and get 15 off your first cleaning
Im right here.
:
Like a kid in a candy store with our new Pilates Stick, thanks so much Kim Paxton
Top shareholder says confident in SNCLavalin
Born in Athens but i moved to Cyprus with my family, now working on my first book and soon moving to US
The Artist!
Have you seen it?
Sounds like 9:30 is the time.
I'll let you know if anything changes.
still had church...
ain't even go...
No fixed monthly account feeAnd ways to save every day
oh ok sorry lol and yes I am when y'all r ready
Some reality TV just really scrapes the bottom of society to me.
I don't have the mental capacity for it.
I never will.
CraftMaster molded interior doors are made from engineered wood to provide beauty  low maintenance at a superior value:...
Congrats!!!
Where at?
We're watching Eric Bledsoe break out and Rudy Gay do the opposite.
Grizzlies are Gasol's team now.
lovely photo!
what's that great bakery up by glendale you love?
i need to go there asap :
That lloyd banks v6 mixtape coming soon  Cant wait!!!
Breakfast is served  SKINNY HIGH THIGH Chargriddled Turkey Sausage, Egg Whites, American Cheese.
First brush with MW2012 fame: an email from Here I come, San Diego!
Well that was embarrassing..
...
pulling the fire alarm box thingy off
Baeza, stay up .
you still got your fans by your side ; we all love you !
50/50 on my type 1 diabetes mellitus case study!
Looks like I know what I'm doing after all.

Hey Lisa, miss you sweetie!
Welcome to Twitter :
A, was just going back over your tweets from Jan 20 and was sad to find this oneSad, but contemplative too...
Ac not cooling call, see ya
Even buying street snacks can be a performance!
U Stole everything from me..
maybe the construction down the hall from me will keep me awake!
Bathrooms and a few offices are getting facelifts!
I would absolutely...doctorp me a line if interested!
Major congrats to on the big move to Marie Claire!
Mahalo for the follow!
WE GOT THIS CAPS!
KEEP IT UP!
Friendship and money: oil and water.
Mario Puzo
classic walk 2 remember huh
I just unlocked the First Lesson badge on !
Last night was wonderful.
: And today is Friday!!
Corsets are surprisingly comfortable
moodle still open source, interested to see where the development goes if serviceanalytics around open source can over take development
School tomorrow.
Why did you remind me?
Hawww :
What are you doing to us, Milwaukee???
Just when we're getting used to Summer weather, you go and throw us back into early Spring?
Ugh.
My sun burn doesn't let me bench..
Every time I come down.
My back burns!!
This sucka
Enjoying this day!
Ash has second city and acting in a play tonight, but today i am off!
: 
Happy New Year to all!
another blessed day for us all
Part of healthy eating means switching to organic food whenever possible.
most likely though my decision will be based on the programme.
Not sure if I'll submit a proposal.
No one's complaining lol
there's a scarf for every season!!!
I bet you would have freaked out about the one I wore in June
Mom I should've never told you he was here...
Don't tweet it!
Just do it!
Hey anybody with NoCal/Oregon knowledge  I'm in Eureka and doctorving north.
Anything I shouldn't miss?
I don't need to manage my anger, I need you to manage not to piss me off.
i miss my ipod.
CANT WAIT until my birthdayy
This nigga better call me tonight just so I can hear his sweet voice b4 he leave
Thank you :
Working on 2 tours for the summer.
1 south and 1 east.
If you have any suggest on club that would dig our stuff DC me.
VOo
What is your favorite EWC product?
Be sure to click the link to see all of the skincare products we have to offer!
I need a good movie to watch
I did!
Thank you!!
Help us create a cool meme for the project!
Your wifey I swear to god she my hoe tonight/
fixed thanks
glad you're keeping busy with that work stuff; keeps you outta trouble...
;
Three Amish men were prosecuted for cutting off another Amish man's beard.
It's considered to be humiliating.
Think the other way around, future boy.
Hi Jaafar I just wanted to say Hi  i Love You!!!
:
Another day hopefully it's a short 1
Though I don't doubt it was good times, you may still have your actual flower, as a dandelion is a weed.
: New boyfriend: mister Bagel  PortlandGirlProbs hahaha story of our lives
haha true, sooner the better.
From here im honestly not worried about making it, but would like to be playing good ball.
I miss my boyfriend..gahhh I'm such a woman.
beers  lap dance??
America: Get a hobby, will ya?
some times you be look so far  what you really wanted is right under your nose ?
Actually, we have some people down here that give 10 dungs!
Of course!
We found the article very helpful.
We look forward to the third part of the series.
Thx for the RT!
what wit you tony this o
Goodnight My Beautiful Followers!
: 3 .
saw that the other day.
Our is better.
This must be a prank with Ravens getting ready to dump crap all over him at the end, like with the blood at the end of Carrie
Itried so many new things there: mint julep, touffe, pt, and oysters!
I will go back.
Carried 4 gallons of water home only to stop outside my door and watch a girl puking out the side of a taxi.
Bring it, Irene.
Austin has hazel eyes.
: RT if you love his eyes.
Just got done at the pool!!!
To succeed in life and take every opportunity, don't ask why?
ask why not?!
Katz says in suppressing the information of an artist's sexuality, we lose the opportunity to discuss the artist's work in its full context
Omfg someone threw a condom at me.
Holy Jesus.
ya but they are 10 more
Shoulda gone fish cakes.
yes men
If u create metadata in your institution, u can make it open even if the object is copyrighted.
Separate metadata and data
Yep!
RT : Would u dye your hair or cut off 8 inches for Vogue?
, , , and
youtube Check Out music
The BBC finds that the Financial Services Authority has not used mystery shoppers to protect consumers for a year and a half.
Alright people, enough!!!
We are a team in here and the bickering is getting old.
Let's get back to fighting the good fight!

How about a TEA Bagging Party?
I can give Hov, Rhi Rhi, Bey,  other celebs constructive criticism, but I don't hate or just be a flat out racist like that NY Post writer.
Topic on The Five: Return Rushmore?
I don't know, did we save the receipt?
Always great conversation!
opens tonight  congrats to NYU alumni and past performer , Alan Menken!
Honestly, I think i'm getting addicted to Skillet.
Thank you for taking a look and the encouragement!
Hope you're having a great weekend!!
Mousavi: All in Iran, cry out AllahoAkbar at 10 p.m., 11 p.m.
and midnight tonight from the rooftops!
iranelection gr88 RT Pls!
I'd rather have no friends then a bunch of fake ones.
If time is my vessel, then learning to love might be my way back to sea.
without a doubt :
I love when my Dad sends me emails with handguns to look at...
I won't be able to sleep tonight just thinking about being in Memphis tmister and seeing all my favorite wittle nuggets!!
Wiz kalifa is skinny as hell!
Someone feed him
yeah but i love you bitches no doubt babygirl
I gotta side with , I really like Community's style.
Besides, I prefer my DocuComs in a Christopher Guest package.
Showing your friend a funny video on YouTube and constantly checking their face to make sure they're enjoying it...
Nice.
Looking firward to recap.
just did 30 day paleo.
MyPastRelationships don't hold a candle to the one I am in now.
RT : Lady Bits of the House of Lancaster  house of stark
Oh my God.
This.
ok I'm following.
doing well only 44 in pittsburgh
HUD Zone  historically underutilized district.
Did we get that right?
I love my free time.
I can fart and no one bitches and I can lick where my balls used to be without being judged.
Bought red lipstick today.
You betchur sweet hinny im gonna be wearing it alot during summer :
The ugly moment when I do give two fucks about your damn moment
There's something tremendously liberating about an unresolvable situation.
shared insights today on creating transformational rather than incremental change with Cleveland philanthropic community.
not too shabby at all.
Enjoy the game
u guys i burned my finger with boiling water while i was making tea and it felt cool should i be worried ugh
dats wats up my nigga i watched ya grind its been a long time cumming my nigga u found ya home from smack,realtalk,comeup i seenu
's knee looked strong out there tonight.
He looked fast and in good form.
Congrats.
all kidding aside, we do have a comp.
submission prog...lemme know if you want details
Looking forward to having a great Family Home evening.
i did the same thing.
Hilarious.
The Buckeyes pulled it off!
It's tough work beating Wisconsin football.
Probably not...maybe so
: Dang twitter just screwed up.
Grrrrr is that NOT normal???
Right there with you!
; RT : When I see DG I think Dolce  Gabbana not Deleuze  Guattari....uh oh...
My new phone case came today, but I can't get my phone out of the old case.
im Back negro jk call my house fone my cell is al fudged up
Just thinking about learning styles.
Are you a better selfstudy or being taught?
Do you point to information or do you teach?
Metta World PeaceMetta World Punk
time to bullshit some words on a paper and slap myy name on it and call it an essay
So excited to see at the street fair!
If you gotta spot on the floor or extra bed these guys need to crash!
Hope I Feel Better Once I Wake Up.
s/o
Spending a few days showing around the Syracuse area  Ithaca before we doctorve back to Chicago.
RT Is there any boys that lke to txt
Valencia for Nani please
You should be able to collaborate w/people you meet via Twitter.
For sure!
You're always invited.
Somebody text me
How can one person be filled with so much hate?
Houston Dynamo travel across state to take on FC Dallas in good 'ol Texas Derby
parties cookies sleep.
sound like a good one to you?
hey that's not on my list either!
there's like horrible thunder and lightning right now.
i dont know if cheer's cancelled :/
did you end up seeing Act of Valor?
Made appointments
yuck.
Ice sucks!
what ever happened to thieves like us?
We've sent you quite a few DM's, unfortunately looks like they may have gotten lost.
We will follow up outside of Twitter.
Texans will be solid next year.
Need a healthy Schaub and to doctorft a 2nd wr.
Maybe trade Mario for one.
One more CB would be nice too.
I am the queen of badminton.
The neighbor will be okay.
The sweetener comes when he gets exclusive rights to sell student course material at a good markup, of course.
sometimesyouhaveto say it how it is.
I'm watching an expert mouth off about internals of a product he apparently knows little about in a mailing list.
sigh ..
Oh my word.
Polyphonic Spree is covering Pinball Wizard.
It's official...
I hate people who make a negative out of a positive situation..
Goodnight twitter well it's time to go , I hate to leave ya but I really must say GoodNightTwitterGoodNight :
Thanks for the follow We look forward to trying some of that saucy Q!
I hate that I've been sleeping in.
I feel like I've missed half the day AND it's beautiful outside.
Yeah yeah Konan died in Naruto.
That's old news.
Read the manga people.
Looking forward to it!
:
My iPhone is telling me I have 4g in indiana?!
hm.
No.
I think I'll still have it beat.
X.
I'll be there around 6 maybe?
What were we thinking?!
Tech nerds rule the world!
can Cher open for us at the Beacon ?
:
: Run the slants!
am awesome ,thanks : so where do u come from?
Am from New York
he is so..
I just can't put it into words!
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
Did you get us a video?!
You da man!
ramonwow womcc Now I want pizza.
question....
Do u date studs?
Props to for the great MCA tributes on Alt Nation the past 2 days.
oh just talkin' postwar economics and the knowledgebased economy here in the office.
seems I mentioned the wrong twitter account...
Happy Jazz Thursday to all the Jazz lovers!
Find something to be thankful for.
It makes room for more...
Enjoy your day!!!
ops!!
Sorry!
Didn't realize that was a game.
My bad.
Your group is outstanding.
Can't wait to see how you use your education :
hi bella : its my 16th birthday today...
and I was wondering if maybe...
u could notice me...
:
Really enjoyed your event this afternoon.
Love What you've done with the place!
VOTE FOR MOLLY MCDOODLE!!!
I think I am lost
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AH YOURE FINALLY A TEEN.
HAVE GREAT DAY 3
My mom just typed: Sanatorium, oops.
Ironic auto correct!
He belongs in one!
i would like doctorids.
i would like them to be good.
i would like them delivered.
and i would like them at 2:30.
Over the top MVP presentation complete but always good to see the kid?
I STILL laugh when I watch the gorilla videos from ..
Think I just saw a cow fly past my balcony...on 10th fl of Coconut Grove condo!
NASTY storm!!
follow me plzzzz!
Thunderstorms by you too!?
It hasn't stopped storming in WI for days...
three severe storms today alone...
spontaneous road trip to visit my zaidenjames  
finally back onlinebut I was plotting my second trip o the day!
Happy Friday to all our new followers!
We're doing some final prep for CCBW events See you out there!
you ousta talk shit about how the grizzlies sucked, since when have you hopped on the wagon?
Ran all over creation, but I got my Mother's Day present assembled.
Also, it was a Sonic oceanwater kind of midnight.
;
Well congrats!!
Have fun!
RT : Q3 what are advantages for internet radio vs terrestrial radio?
for artist?
For you?
you said since he became manager
I just spent like an hour researching shoe inserts.
Who knew arch support was so complicated?
We got the secrets!
sounds gud ;p
YES!
RT Also this summer I want to take day trips to the beach, go to DC, and QC all once my summer refund comes in that is lol
it was a great evening and loved your kitchen!
Thanks for your hospitality.
Work?!
Ha well have a good'n!:
Also, Giacchino's closing theme for Cloverfield was great.
Too bad the other 90 minutes of movie sucked
no words to describe it.
i remember when i would actually talk to a lot of people and we would go hang out at the park after school.
Sorry, but the WalkingDead season finale kind of sucked.
How could they possibly have topped last week, though??
Thank you so much for the shoutout!
We need folks like you to help us thrive.
A penny saved is a Congressional spending oversight.
oh damn.
Make sure you all catch with tonight at 9 to hear them discuss Pres.
Obama's announcement.
Even if she wins or not; it's the point
when can I come in for an audition!
I STILL want to be apart of the show!
Tonight is going be a good night!
Hope to see ya at the show!
happy birthday fabulous ones!
reunion with my hofstra girls ah love them 3333
thanks!
i.like.your.face....hehehe3 lunch was hilarious!
I love you an your faces:
so true!
This came up at lmxuncon12 last week  cake pans, power tools, musical instruments...sky's the limit.
Birthday magic!
What do you call an alligator in a vest?
An investigator.
On a side note, I've been Having the weirdest doctorams recently.
I think he's cute , but now it's like agh stop I aint gonna think about it .
hcsm T1: In med schools it's about teaching social media to be separated from medical business.
In residency  about connecting w/ patients
I love your marketing strategies and global PR!
your game is more than 8 hours old, and has been closed.
You can always start a new game
braids..
Coincidence?
I think not ; It was a sign that wanted to tell me: tweet that sexay bitch right now ; xo 
I was watching Kevin Hart, now I am too hyped up to fall asleep.
First, Ben Ali shutoff the 'Net  I said nothing.
Then Mubarek.
I said nothing.
Then Gaddafi.
I said nothing.
Then BART pulled
that feeling when a hot chick likes my status on facebook
can I get a stage shot for my wife, she's a big fan from the states!
Went to KY to follow The Bourbon Trail!
Maker's Mark  Woodford Reserve have pretty facilities.
Brown Hotel in LouisvilleA!
what's Saturday night?
Just got to see the Muamba video playback.
Shocking and sad.
Pls RT my tweet re Rec'n'Roll to all your followers to support the Chislehurst Festival which kicks off with music event this Sun!
Thanx
What is everyone doing on this beautiful day in Denver?
your welcome
hit me
Ugh, I left my phone somewhere last night.
Either it's here in my kitchen, my bedoctorom, my bathroom, or at another apartment...
love that movie
Thank you so much for coming out and supporting us.
We'll let David know.
He always tears it up!
love it!
how's your night?
I'm great, just tired for some reason today, gotta work on that LoL.
Where are you from?
lol, at work...
TiredAF ready to go home...
yeah its been awhile!
you don't write all your code from scratch?
it's like the baby is committing suicide.
Again.
The best hour of my week.
Red Rocks Church.
Golden, CO.
just sayin' ...
devops doesn't mean ops should start coding.
Gente!
We have 999 followers!
Might today be the day we hit 1000??
Hot tub, back rub, television, and sleep  living the doctoram.
Mondays should not exist
Dad is coming for the Brewers game tomorrow and he's more excited about getting the next morning.
Thoughts re:curriculum for educating HS guidance counselors.All but 2 masters programs have no training in college counseling.
89 Days To Go...
So tired
I really should review for this exam.
Thank you for following.
Parents and educators have opportunities to learn how to recognize the signs of bullying  act.
nothing and u?
A guy asks a girl  You ever have magic sex?
Girl says, No, what's that?
Guy says we fuck, then you disappear ...Tada Bitch.
a relationship is for two people but you know some bitches cant count...
this much!
..
opens arms very wide
me too!

indeed!
Such a fantastic showdown!
come over and i will make you some!
and yes i am free from 111...
lets meet up :
Want to figure out how I can wear giant wool socks all fall  winter long.
What type of shoes go w/ such socks, that I can wear in public?
Thank you for the kind words  the pleasure was all mine!
I'm sure Coach will be dearly missed around there.
It ain't your grandpa's data no more.
The marketplace for data is maturing rapidly, as we shift from a data 1.0 world to a data 2.0 world.
no i dnt want see ur face anymore!!!
we had an important business matter and its ruined all because of you!!!
lol
Turning my attention back to business and wedding planning following the close of the show.
New and different projects to conquer.
Why the fuck am I up right now?
Screw you Saturday academy
Cisco Adler is really nice
glad you ate lol :
when i want to the store on the box it states it does almost everything and there is full blueray and can do blueray 3d.
I am going to miss all my boys at UK.
Except for because he is soft and too cool.
Third night I'm up till 3 because of this freaking tooth.
I just wanna sleep!!!
For those wondering about the podcast, the name is called The Personal and is a talk show with my cohost and I with a special guest.
good point!
:
Soo many morons on the road today man fugg!
Welcome to the farm
Justin Bieber Hangs Out With Lil Wayne 
You do have great tits though!
All these new methico fans look the same
Alliance Q: how will u use Open Bmore  similar web based tools to inc transparency  accountability in city contracts and development proj
Lots of good tips for wedding pros from via weddingmarket chat!
A show and a bottle of wine?!
Cannot wait to spend my evening with my wonderful friends tonight!
that sounds beautiful.
Don't give unwarranted attention to negative!
Accentuate the positive and the record will speak for itself.
Watching GE's CEO Jeff Immelt being interviewed on 60 minutes.
I cant wait till show starts!!!!!
Its never too late to be what you might have been.
George Eliott
you're welcome : cc:
Cano  grand slam.
We are everyday grindin'
Prom tonight!
O.o Also my last day of being a 16 year old!
Wheels down in New Orleans
Just found me a new show
Yes, I live with him and he didn't want me getting any more piercings until I was 16..xD
The KungFu single: Powerful enough to injure Daisuke without touching him.
The power of sumo; touch of a feather.
Thanks!
Keep us in mind if you are in need of a good coffee vendor and follow us back for fun coffee tidbits :
I just landed my first role in a feature film.
This has been an amazing day :
RT : 84 of people that die each year from waterrelated disease are childoctorn.
WorldWaterDay is one week away.
I didn't realize chip dips got so radical and thick in the 90's.
You could find something to do..
Touching the ground at 1:45 in the afternoon, a tornado in Socorro County.
Winds at 70 m.p.h.
near Belen.
Hail and thunderstorms elsewhere.
just said that
hm, okay.
TO THE AIRPORT.
is every girls doctoram guy:
Serious, Madonna...
if ur gonna lipsync in front of 50 million people, get it right!!!
hahahaha called me by real name but spelled it wrong..
yeeeeeeee
lol I wish
fine make it 10!
hahaha a real southern gentlemen
OH: cut me open
Anyway.
Is it that hard to hold a conversation with me?
Why follow me if you think it is.
Do it and I will block you.
Word of the Day: RENOB An occourance when a man is so revolted that even his penis cowers in fear, hiding from its object of horror.
It's an interesting morning trading the SP500 emini futures.
Yahoo  just scored another one!
There are 7 secrets to success in this game.
I refuse to waste my valuable time on situations that I don't give a fuck about.
can u pretty please follow?3
ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies Eat all the popcorn before the movie starts
RT : Cole believes Rose's recovery will be between 812 months.
Bent Utensilcheck out the music i'm doin these days.
Bent Utensil is an acoustic A Perfect Circle cover band.
www.myspace.com/bentutensil
niggy im iffy about going to the hs bc it is all depressing now.
Plenty teachers retired, plus maestras problem :
at CDMUG learning about BEANS from from
OMFGRMFT: I don't feel like going to school tomorrow.
Movie date with , Paco and Kevin.
had a fun night :
If yours were at a 5th grade level mine was at a 2nd grade level.
What a great GPA booster!
felipe!
Ty for ur msg!
Look out for an email!
Love to tell you more abt  mobile accounting for
I don't know about that but is def my fav.
Just can't hate on Bron.
He's a fucking beast.
ESPN Time
thats real as hell!
It was a joke, I really don't have a beard.
WordLife yo it's rain outside that sucks to get wet Woo Woo
Better yourself by not using better as a verb.
If they miss u, they'll call u.
If they want u, they'll tell u.
And if they care, they'll show u.
hi i love you ok
truly is a class act!
I would like a Shoutout.
I hate when my mom messes with my bangs .
Your bangs are too parted to the side!
shut uuppppp.
the man
I FRICKEN LOVE
will do
actually it was sarcastic.
lmao.
what will we sell the Winnie painting and coasters for?
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
My hotel room in Seattle is so small...
For turndown service they put a tic tac on my pillow.
love you too!
: I wonder if will ever tweet again?
...if she knows what's good for her!
Friday the 13th....will book talk scary stories!
Are you kidding?
I never do well in those pools!
3hrs solo in cold intermittent rain and wind.
are the best riding partners for days like today.
It's almost time for turkey.
What are you thankful for?
We're thankful for our subscribers and all supporters of doctormatic literature offbway
I dnt hold grudges
Thank you for the shout out!
: we also JUST subscribed to your channel!
At SooVac for Get Lucky and bidding on some duck art for our house.
Houston..
How are you and why didn't you tell me the good news?lol
yeah they were both pretty good
I live by I95 in Baltimore.
Wish we'd invest more in public transit instead of more highways.
Fewer cars  less pollution!
Just finished our Top Chef recap.
Can't wait to see what happens next!
Aw thanks!
I love yours too!
: haha
We're so busy watching out for what's just ahead of us that we don't take time to enjoy where we are.
Calvin  Hobbes
Can't wait!
Santorum momentum is real I call Bullshit MSM Propaganda  Americans want  Don't be silly
I have no idea how someone can do this.
I can't even talk on my cell while doctorving.
working out west..hows everything going in the city?
i cnt slwayz hav my way but mufukas is to softt..
its juz plain and simple..i dnt wanna live wit dat..i got opportunities in my face
the first time I see perform, I fell in love :D haha
she says it's quicker to count the things that ain't wrong with you then to count the things that are.
Shopping on farfetch!
Just nailed my Medical Office Procedure class final!
Another A in another class!!!
One more to go :
Sonny: Are you in a windtunnel?
Srsly where are you triple c's, I need you.
Yes.
My guess too.
Bag of Money just came on.
My bitch bad looking like a bag of money.
inappropriate for the workplace.
45,000 deaths annually linked to lack of health coverage
You deserve it!
I will buy posters,and one action kit for me.
And I'll make banners, I will give some conferences in my city!
xo
well don't know bout all that.
Um plucking greys on a daily
Nothing can take away the happiness I have right now!!
Many great folks arriving at
Yo knowing different formations just means you're good at 2nd grade math and you know different ways to get to 10.
Checked out the opencall line for !
Lots of talent out today.
Break a leg actors!
This space shuttle flyover thing is preempting The View.
I'm concerned about America's priorities.
I am at PyCon and would love to meet  hangout!
When do you arrive?
I'm here though Sunday afternoon.
Did you just adopt an imaginary giraffe?
I use it a lot.
In my head.
To myself.
Sometimes I change it up.
schnurfle
20 OFF SALE THIS SATURDAY 8/28/10: All items from doctorkul, Love Street  Dolly Rocker will be 20 OFF this Saturday from 11am to 7pm.
Happy May Day!
And what a day it is in Pittsburgh!
Today we have Banana Foster Ice Cream and Butter Rum Ice Cream.
Yum!
See you soon!
For a baby, you're pretty awesome at tweeting, Darby.
TwitterprofessorlePicJoke Thanks for the love!
DM us your email and we'll send that invite right over.
Servers down.
No phones, no internet.
Have to wait for IT to show up, an hour ETA at least!
Good fights!
At the end of the card I made my mom I wrote and that's what makes you beautiful :D
News Forward Press: Luke Donald still has worldclass game, but dont expect last year's results The problem with having a
No Friends , No Problems .
Follow your heart not your mind
The road goes on forever and the party never ends
Awesome..Thanks so much Scott.
Join me live interview here at noon..
Thanks for cool gift that just arrived in the mail.
I know just what I'm using it for :
Dear Rome, It was fun walking along your cobblestone streets surrounded by your long history but today we part ways hopefully uniting...
I think we'll prob give away a few tix to Rusko today, but only if the response when we start merits doing so.
Okay Twitterverse?
Tebow rushes and broncos calls timeout.
thinks that wishing your pets could talk is fun until you remember everything you've ever done in front of your pets
Yep.
Still use it regularly.
Daily.
i know how ya feel
Cuse calls it's final timeout.
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music!
Is that you?
Just stopped at my on Niagara Falls Blvd in Amherst NY.
Those guys were a huge help as always.
Nice job!
They say wisdom comes with age, but wisdom was accompanied by plenty of other little tweaks  problems.
The place of pain, becomes the place of preparation!
Talking brewers with NOW!
SportsRadio
beat and recording specials at  , DM for details
Great idea  maybe I'll make that my color scheme!
please follow me !!!!!
Happy New Year!
Hey, GameVain fans!
How's everyone doing?
Who likes Justin Bieber?Me!
He's my favorite singer
yeah, I could see that.
Orioles Opening Day.
Best day of the year!
Thanks for the FF!
How are you all doing today?
happy monday.researching morningshows 4 future segments.
know of any in dallas, virginia, albuquerque,  chicago?
:
And nothing will keep this heart from beating, i'm still breathing.
Food Stamp Fraud has the feds fooled.
Undercover investigation at 5:45.
Goodnight twitter!!!
I'm gonna be in orlando ://
Emma Ostilly looks oddly enough like Caroline Flack O.o
ok, and thanks for crystal name
Slack city
of money  other difficulties.
I've wanted to do this job since I was eight, and I can't tell you how much discouragement
Ernst  Yeti  they said
no, just messin with the doctors stuff while I was waiting in her office.
:
I wrote a blog post yesterday, students gained approval from the principal on their project, had time to relax with wife
can I get a RT from the man who does the best / funniest Susan Waldman impression I ever heard in my life
Hi how are you?!
Looks like you won't be needing that heat today!!
sounds like a crimefighting team of some sort
80s Hammer pantsharem look.
Judging by me  pretty much all colleagues, Hammer pants nowstraight leg jeans, rolled just above ankle.
she wouldn't even give me it, so no.
Lol but she got it at Walgreens
buildathon volunteers will doctornk 750 gallons of and 400 cups of coffee this week
Carl Daw is awesome.
If you weren't a fan before, watch the piece on 60 minutes.
Lori has unexpected family needs out of town  will not be here tomorrow  we have contact her info  she can still do Father's Day orders!
Over this night.
Ortho and snake bites and gunshots oh my!
Hey IT, the craft beers are resting comfortably in anticipation!
Tonight was live!!
i hate hearing the facebook chat sound it makes me cringe
you will love stella and adams intense romance in Python I made it very hot for my readers to enjoy....
thanks for the follow
Is there anyone still alive that likes rum raisin ice cream?
offer them a cookie.
Bet that'd work.
Oh no, my gf reminds me ALL the time, trust me.
We went to the first Nats game at RFK...snif.
So much good BB.
I wish that I could see The Hunger Games tonight at midnight, but that's not really feasible when I have to see a baby tomorrow at six a.m.
Working on writing some great stuff!
www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
One direction !!!!!
Ah!
What time does your class finish?
Ppl will take your love,words,feelings, and friendship for granted
Paddle back.
Yes!
This worked well MT : aam2012 Shelly Bernstein talks about EVERYONE in museum taking a shift at visitor desk
The KFC Yum!
Center?
Really?
Please tell me is just playing an elaborate joke for an article.
: Working on inventing something sweet/ Does it involve attaching big trebles to it?
help me get followers
Life is, at all times, uncertain.
waystoirritateme ladies who r gold diggers constantly looking fo tricks
you and me both.
Well crash the booth together
Easy the RB position is thin this year so I would go with DMC
hahaha!
those are adorable shoes...let me know what you think:
yeah I'm sorry but straight girls have more experience with pole work.
no ma'am, I'm just paranoid, and boys are stupid :S
February 13th, Galentines Day, is about celebrating lady friends.
Its wonderful, and it should be a national holiday.
Avala Resources Provides Update on the Korkan Resource Definition doctorlling Program and Continues to Expand Korkan East ...
When it rains, it pours...
another callback for a national carl's junior commercial!!!
If you want to keep up with the UK Bat Cats, follow I can taste the peanuts and cracker jacks.
This Is retarded to Lock yo Self out the House !
: and Leave your Noodles on the Fucking Stove !
Ugh .
I hope my noodles are alright :D
Oh that whole Pens fans being pissed at Jagr for being a Flyer and i can't let it go lol
sharktank is awesome tonight.
They are tearing people apart!
Thanks Cindy!
is there?
suck balls.
What else is there to say?
We have a Godfather challenger!!!
We will keep you posted!
OPMG is moving nice!
great seeing u too last night...u and everyone sounded awesome.....POOF!!!!!!
Everyone have a phenomenal day today.
Make the best of it.
things i need to do 1.
find my fucking phone 2.
wash my ass 3.
go eat
14 weeks of how to tell the truth, one week on how to lie?
Fridays are the best w/ mtg  Artist collabos all around.
Yup!
It's true.
We've been wasting money
Thank u!
Keep spreading the FF love:
: 80 and sunny, that's great sound like Cali.stop tweetin nonsense bro we don't wanna hear that stuff here in NY
Tigers fuckn up
There's nothing like a bigot to bring out the fury in me.
Shifman: Buffetts created NoVo to invest in undervalued population: girls.
I'm going to write a new script, I must say this one is going to be intense.
I love my boy
we'll talk tomorrow
If you don't have Twins tickets and love high school baseball, you should get yourself a Juicy Nookie  come to the game tomorrow.
nope.
Not at all!!!!
Also, the doctormmer on tour with SBH is awesome!
Go follow him...
:
no fucking way?!
how was it omg tell me!?
When getting to first base is taking too long, come in to Viper Apparel!
Do something today that makes you happy  will have lasting value!
Sure thing.
Appreciate all you do to keep us informed jazzmusic JAZZSTAGENET!
Watching Taking Care: Family Textiles!
Happy Preservation Week!
oh for sure, you know me
the choskis are doing the happy dance
Great site!!!
Do u know anyone who may be interested in acquiring registered trademark for phrase The Play of the Game ?
i wonder how how kerrigan will reconnect with the swarm, or if there will be a new overmind
I loovvee my job
How cold?!
Good job Travail Newark offer a red hot recruitment service.
Call us with your needs now and ask about our latest Feb offer.
you and Bianca should surprise him you know he'd love it so would all of us who love you xo
youve been eating sweets all day
I think you should say discovered naked Juice because without the juice part the tweet seems very awkward...haha
Chinese food with my best friend!
3
Happy Good Friday.
Dont do doctorgs kids!!
Smoke weed instead!
French Conversation Meetup Tomorrow!
Well that sucked bad.
Worst case scenario happened.
Almost passed out.
Dont know why.
Deal with blood at work all the time
Haha where did I come from huh??
That's good u gonna start this yr?
I've been good jus work and school really how bout u
There is something that is much more scarce, something rarer than ability.
It is the ability to recognize ability  Robert Half.
My level 2 The Massachusetts Institute for A New Commonwealth has a Popularity of 808!
THAT FOOL JOEL ANTHONY HEAD LOOK PREGNANT THAN A MUG .UGLY FOREHEAD LIKE NIGGA FROM STAR TREK!
that was me and candace
RT : Govt has always subsidized white wealth to the detriment of black wealth so it's shameful to attack Affirmative Actio ...
This is my first day off in two weeks.
If I had a gun, these squirrels would be in trouble.
Suddenly wishing I were still with central pa BF
For the sake of BigTen football, come on MSU!
Kirk Cousins turns it on in the 4th quarter and in overtime  like Tim Tebow
When i have hardly any service 
My neo just woke up from a deep ass sleep and said fuck hoes get money Lmao
actually those r ppl telling me tht some1 is saying Nasty and ugly things bout me!
And I'm trying to figure out who it is!!!
;
Can't wait!
theworldiswatching : 
The food is yummy and I dig their 10 meals
Did the Seahawks just lose Okung for the first half of the season?
Welcome to Seahawk football.
if the sixers somehow beat the bulls, would the heat play the sixers?
Every year Thanksgiving Eve Boston takes on slightly Gothic movie set feeling Streets are empty in some places Ghosts of pilgrims?
Just me?
I forgot to tweet about KinkyWednesday b/c I was too busy being
nice job!
watchin st louis and miami nothin like baseball being back!
We may need you in the office additional days this month.
Will text you additional dates.
Thanks for bringing The film to Pittsburgh.
Disappointed I'll be out of town for the event.
I ate so much candy today I think I'm gunna barf..
What type of games r being played?
Thanks!
We are too!
It has made things more convenient for all of us!
Lakers need to lose
Community is in a new time slot, has a leadin, and leads in a successful show.
I'll remain optimistic.
Had an awesome and inspiring time teaching about purpose at UMOM shelter here in Phoenix!
dont make dat face at me chump...u lucky u havent seen dat side of me
RT : Peter Diamandis  news media is a doctorg pusher and bad news is your doctorg.
fls12
A trip to Maui, land of Nalani's name origin :
I want to not have a broken elbow????!?
WTF UNIVERSE
Jingle Bells Santa Smells more than his stink sleigh!!
Because absentee ballots get separated from their signed envelopes, if there is a problem with an envelope, another ballot may be removed.
Anthony Davis started the hashtag yesterday.
Well I got out of the dentis it went good I guess
The world is full of cactus, but we don't have to sit on it.
Will Foley
This looks important!
BIG THANKS to and her sister for swinging by and pitching in with the lot cleanup on Hollins St.
Looks better now :
311 plus infinity
Anybody see the Time Magazine cover with the woman breast feeding his 3year old..
thats just weird I get breast feeding but 3 is too old
Hope you saw The State of the Game  Bob Costas special on NBC Sports network  great conversation.
Love to get your take.
Twitter will make you forget you sitting on the toilet.
Lmao
Oh and people aren't talking about your kids...
they feel sorry for your kids.
They're mom is crazy and built like Ray Lewis.
Kaleb Canales on Nets PG Deron Williams: His toolbox is full.
Any skill you would want...He's one of the top point guards in the league.
Want 2 THANK YOU ALL 4 making it out 2 classes this gorgeous Monday morn  afternoon  here's 2 your love  support!
I hope everyone enjoyed their meet 'n greet with Deion Sanders today!
Video should be up on Campbell's FB  web soon.
:
Oh I love SexyBeastSundays !!!!
Note to next year's holiday self: wear burrresistant clothing when hanging lights, or stay inside.
hi so glad we are together on cool music!!
WiFi sadly compromised by all the midday users...
Off to find a Starbucks for faster internet and coffee for faster Jess.
:D
Thanks!
RT : great packing
The day I go to the mailbox and not see a bill, I will look to the sky to make certain it is not falling.
Good night for BC so far with Kuechly going 9th and Kreider playing really well in Game 7
YES!
Look for me in the TGI Friday's lounge with :
hahahaa im awesome :
It's hard for me to leave Westwood during the week.
I you can make it out that way I'm in!
I'm excited too.
Should be a great discussion!
Not feeling this handbag.
it's not big enough
I'm not and you agreed with me one time with this so we going to stop
you have to find us :
AYE HOMIE YOU NEED TO HMU I'VE BEEN LOOKIN FOR SOME WHO HAS YOUR CONTACT INFO FOR SOME MONTHS NOW I LOST THE PHONE THAT HAD IT
I have that song on repeat!!
MongoDB  MySQL  perfect for our flash sales site
who said we are not?
We will be there with your sandwich :
Yea, I seen that BS!
She wont let's me put my lips on her ass.
Follow back
we in vegas in july cant wait to see my ppl !
took off my bridge piercing..
I feel ugly now lol.
WAAAAAAHH
WANT A NEW FOLLOWER?
Follow and they will FOLLOW BACK!
But I wanna give a SPECIAL congrats to and for graduating today!!!
3 you ladies alot!!
well good morning dear!
I know your day might not be as good because I might be off of twitter today until 5 :/
Direct message me on twitter or fb or text me at 2149061510.
We can do this!
Good Morning!
It's the beginning of a Fantastic week!
I hope your week is a very productive one!
:
Getting schooled on monetary systems, instability, rethinking it all.
Only at
CNN Ratings doctorp to Lowest Numbers in More Than 10 Years
Absolutely the latter
Goal 2 !
Lets go Rangers!
agreed!
RT : Suit is too small the SC kid
i'm so happy to be done with that pen.
it brought me nothing but grief :
freaks me out
You've apparently even hacked.
I'm getting spam DM's from your account.
About to find out whether wearing shorts to work is a fireable offense.
Each day's a gift that I intend to unwrap  enjoyno matter the tests or storms.
I've learned, the safest place is in the eye of the storm.
RT At bouta kill the stage mane!!!
!!
U know what it is!!
SAG LIVE
79 year old Korean War Vet saves fights the war of his life to Save His Home  his mortgage lender CITI finally approves
I agree.
Def interesting concept.
It's just too expensive unless your in a very specific situation
Officially sucked into The Bachelorette.
I want a fag but I'm too scared to go outside in the big bad world of darkness.
Holy crap.
Seattle has ice cream trucks.
Who knew?
good luck with that!
Nerdist at Majestic in Madison in April.
Interesting.
great weekend at Evo and Vanity Friday....Back to reality people lets work hard so we do it all again this weekend with a clear conscience
Good news!
KANROCKSAS is back in 2013!!
I could be the coolest parent there this time!
JUST GIVE ME THE SLICED IMAGE!
It takes everyonter designer 5 minutes why is it taking an hour and 45 questions its a standard image178x82
Its nt that I'm nt n touch w/ reality...I juss wish things cud go back to the way they use 2 b!.
Brilliant move by FOX Re: WC rights in '18, '22.
Let ESPN spend all  to do all dirty work/US popularization, then hop on the train.
never received my free pizza email
Girl, Today has been a Sad Day For Me  My Family  Chruch Family
pshh not on defense.
But that's normal.
He's playing agressive at least.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; Courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference.
...Morehouse has persevered and excelled.
Willis Sheftall '64, Interim provost and senior vice president for Academic Affairs
Have You Seen Any Of His Videos?
Showed our office to a few of our admissions counselors who are back from their recruitment efforts from across the nation
Hey guys I miss you and I made you something :D
Follow us please?!
So so sleepy but my mind once again won't stop thinking...lol
whew good thing I'm following you bc now i feel so much better :p
Have fun in Mexico !
We will miss you dearly.
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope.
Jeremiah 29:11
Who is coming out Saturday night before the race?
sure!
Next time I'm at school.
It hangs next to my PhD and the teaching award I got at Harvard.
all night
I been thinking about u I been thinkin bout u I been thinkin bout u
i hate when hoes try to date me, like come on..
you in a relationship?
dont make me laugh
join me near front.
lies.....
You made that up.
Bitches and they emotions 
four hacking mintues till the amazing underthemisletoe is out!!!
Love you biebs:
heck yes!!!
Enjoy it dudes.
UK Basketball.
8 time National Champions.
I just burst into tears!!!
People need to shut the fuck up and listen!
Grow the hell up!
Stupi
hey luv, thanks for saying hey!!
Keep posted for luvely updates!
You're a sweetie ;
daily doctorssage tip: use laterals to help you  shoulderin stops runaways; travers gets you straight at fences; renvers stops runouts;
And happy graduation!
RT : Thanks everyone!
:
the headset is 200, the mix amp is 130, plus tax and shipping you're looking at almost 400 for a gaming headset
sorry I missed you at the game.
Flight delays got me there right at 7:30.
Ugh.
But super seeing s04 !!
Opening Art Reception for Josh Hooten of Herbivore ClothingBlossoming LotusTues Aug 9th at 9:30pm with Music by DJ E3, Food doctornks  Fun!
good luck!
I'm tweeting Mini Marathon times for Gary Thomas in real time on race day.
Presented by OneAmerica
Thanks for the FF!
If you're going to be horrible, you may as well be weirdly horrible.
same.
Always looking.
Good morning y'all!
Doing an OTA direct upgrade of the iPhone to iOS 5.1, since the iTunes server is slammed at the moment.
1 min to go
as i lay me down to sleep i pray that U will hold me near.
while im far away, il whisper Ur name into the sky  wake up happy 3
you'll have to ask Krafty.
Traveling tip: If you're passing through Long Beach International, grab a muffin.
They're really good.
Okay.
Carry on.
Do you happen to know when the term food desert came into the vocabulary?
Anyone know this etymology?
I'm reading Brophy/Lopez/Murray's Integrating Spaces: Property Law and Race.
Tadarial Sturdivant, Director of Wayne County Child and Family Services
When doesn't appreciate and I's Fudgie the Whale 
Club again tonight.
I might just die.
Lol
Hey, I love my life 
my dad is annoying me.
Back in DC with a warm welcome home from TheBoys.
waystomakemehappy make me a priority in your life, not an option.
I AM NEVER EVER GETTING IN A CAR WITH DANNY ALRCON EVER AGAIN!!!!!!!
DE PINGA BRO!
Tony Bennett will sing tribute to Whitney at Clive's party.
Her body lies upstairs .
FEDUP  RECAP  DEM's talking bout ANNUAL DEFICIT  GOP talking bout NAT'L DEBT.
Apples/Oranges!
Ask About!
Oh yes, I've heard this song somewhere before.
I like it :
Watching Chevy Chase has taught me, the funniest joke a comedian can ever make is to fall off a ladder.
The pinnacle of comedy.
So soon!
Piffle: noun.
nonsense, meaningless talk.
yup xP
hope you ENJOYED those Gem bites today!!
Woo hoo, is en route to New York.
Come home to Brooklyn!
I can't imagine that site is anything but a front for prostitution.
WE BELIEVED AND GUESS WHAT WE WON!!!
: TAKE THAT STINGRAYS!!!!
:
Is it wrong that my first thought when gameofthrones Arya Stark said Anyone can be killed was I hope my three girls turn out like that?
Why do I use just in almost every sentence while doctorfting?
Cut, cut, cut!
Optimism in my eyes, humility in my heart.
The Huskies just scored against the team that won the national championship last year!!
Never underestimate the power of tenacity  Invisible Childoctorn
Lexis Florist was honored to work with such a talented team at VISIONProduction Group!
We can't wait to see our new Marketing Video!
Yes to World Cup!
You may know God, Jesus, and/or Jesus Christ by another name.
I think we're on the same page, regardless of the name change.
I played Zachary in ep3 loner.
You might be able to find it on line.
When voting, just think of it this way.
Do you aspire to be wealthy, but have to work, or would you rather be on welfare  not have to work?
No, since I wasn't aware.
: But congrats to whoever wins!
happy birth day!
Also broken hearted played tonight at a semi at my school and I was OMG...
I met those people last week!
3
DailyQuote: I would rather see the portrait of a dog I know than all the allegorical paintings in the world.
Samuel Johnson
Take your daily dose of fun.
On the metro  holding onto the overhead rail  20 bare hands and 1 in a leather glove.
Can you identify the murderer?
lol good to know you aren't into the youngins lol you should start watching weeds!!
GREAT FINALE, I' m gonna miss all u girls on wisteria lane : Hope u gave a reunion soon!
they're so cute together 3
7 Tempe Police cars outside my door.
Vince Russo leaves TNA and the ratings continue to sink...
Hopefully it just chalks up to the warm weather rumor, but not looking good.
youll have to excuse my vacancy from the world this past week or so, just trying to take life by the horns before things get out of control.
That makes sense.
The writers of Revenge have to learn to manage backstory with moving the plot forward.
OMG.
how was Coldplay ?!
I'm going.
Looking forward to visit from and Lunch for clients at 1:00.
Press conference/presentation at 1:30.
I am making you a get well card : I'll send it over when its done
: Slow your roll Clippers...
yourestilltheclippers love it LAker Nation was in full effect Alway an 4ever LAker Nation
that takes to damn long.All most Independents do is take Dem.
votes.
yeah, fuck you itches, he's got baby powder, made from 100 baby!
oh good : thank god.
I love hearing about it , seriouslyy.
I can tell that you're trying really hard!
:
What's three days long, unpaid, and rhymes with Pawlenty?
Furloughs!
I'm seeing her in July!
:
I was visiting Robert and Ted's new acting studio.
The praise came from a mister Christopher Toyne.
Familiar?
Happy birthday to my love Daniel and to my comadoctor Reina.
Interview went good should have a follow up next week...
Crossing my fingers!
OMG that looks amazing.
hey dudes i just served you a bank review at socialsmack.
good luck with yer other reviews :D
Ima start hitting the gym next week, hopefully.
JoeyDiamondFact joey finds it a turn off when hes on a date and the person is constantly checking their phone.
Dont u hate when u see a really big piece of cardboard  you think to yourself...'That would be awesome for breakdancing' but it's not 1983?
HeeHee!
I'll take that title...
but just for today!
NOwaday u dnt even know if the preacher is telling the truth tho or has wicked motives
Cary melted hearts and the ice at Citi Pond last night with a 4 song set!
Terrific performance, Cary!
very excited to perform in Lost and Found tonight at The Actors Studio!
my itunes play counter is telling me i've listened to 'ships in the night' by 26 times in the last 24 hours.
sounds about right.
there's one acoustic floating around on YouTube of that.
But pretty sure it's just Joey
Folks in OM/Pikesville!
We need to get to come to us!
Help us find a parking space!
cc:
Really!
I feel bad for those grad students!
Why didn't she take on any of the hundoctords of published BOOKS?
Ughh...
Good Friday!
Day off work.
Gym, yoga, bike, shoot some photos, maybe catch a show tonight.
is performing at the Commodore.
Busy Saturday!
Have you made it down since we've remodeled the store?
If not, WHY!
The new stuff is great, the gallery is great, GREAT!
:D
: i pretty much about to be verified on twitter dude i want tim's book now
its the powder brush.
Alright been away for awhile for some things but im back.
Crew put the hurt on the reds today.
I'm fliflifly, I'm flying high, aint got time to talk, just HIBYE
For Booking, Beats, or Info of the YouTube sensation Too Much please contact management at
I was lucky enough to help name homebrewer name his barleywine in cherry oak!
try
Woke up this morning and learned its Monday.
Always a rough way to start your day.
Thanks for the follow!
I'm listening to music, and my skullcandies are giving me a message x they vibrate
One out of seventeen, or 400,000,000 people have sex a day.
4,000 people are doing it right now!
why was he watching?
Wow!
Happy David Archuleta Day we love you
Congrats!
You've won!
You get emails now every time I think I have a great hairbrained idea!
solidarity let us know what you need!
I want some tats.
Too bad I gotta wait till I'm 18...
I was sorry not to get to know him  I'd had hopes 4 partnering more w/AARL, but workload got crazy once semester started.
:
Agreed!
I want one too!
It's great to see partnering with on a badge.
Wow this weekend is busy!
Why are most jokes so short?
So men can remember them.
yeah girlie..thats the same goal
awww that said start sayin random off the wall shit be stupid but funny,too
the hot fun tonight is a retreat nightclub nyc...
I'm ready for this week to be over Fri hurry up damnit!
Going through memories back in 05 makes me feel fucking old
felt, only thing now is to get his music to sound more like Slayer.
Skee!
Where you going to be tonight in Austin?
easily forgotten, easy to do, nice job
Wow, that might be the worst link professorle I've ever seen.
ProTip: Your backlink anchor text should not be teaching me new cuss words.
do you know the theme of the next ...
I could or should...
we'll see if I do!!!
you are silly
A guy just said I seem kind of accident prone.
I have to stop telling the iPhone and wine glass story all in the same night.
what you just felt back there is not really real
Congratulations to who won the grand prize in the findUW contest!
The Calendars are here!
The Calendars are here!
Our 2012 year at a glance calendars look awesome.
Need one?
Sign up for our mailing list a
When I go to your house I'm sleeping over!
I will reach out individually when i get a chance!
May the good Lord continue to
downtowndenver can not believe how many raggermuffin skeezers left the house in pajamas today..
pull it together bitches...
Our deepest condolences.
Bullying tragically forces parents to lose childoctorn and now childoctorn lose parents.
SHHHHHHH....we'll keep that on the hushtip.
Lol!
All I know is.....you changed my life with your talent.
I'm a fan FOREVER!
What celebrity has the best skin?
Absolutely no idea.
Will do some checking.
Very good set last night in Memphis Appreciate CC's effort but don't want Chris to do damage to that great voice.
you wanna go to shout house at like 9 or 10?
Goin to the timberwolves game tonight
NBA Celebrity All Star Game Kevin Hart MVP lmafao
Oh well
that depends on whether the sniper is on your side or not
FYI, tagging an Instagram photo of your house as vintage does not make it such.
Better late than never, but never late is better.
Had a couple of customers, who said, they would never have thought buying soap for thier FEET could be so much fun, just like buyin candy
The hardest part about doing my 6 mo eval is that I keep comparing myself to my predecessor who was freakin amazing.
you know yo car the shit when birds shit on it
RT : I think Doc Emerick may have a stroke announcing this game.
NHLStanleyCupPlayoffs Go
Have to have a background check to be recertified as a USA Ultimate coach.
of addoctorsses in the last 5 years?
7.
In 4 states.
when is the 50th rollingstones anniversary tour dates going to be announced mate?
good I'll be that blonde girl who brings you pizza as a reward.
But serious it's SOD day
nice logo!
so you want to marry your gay cousin ?
Got it .
Just thought about how we only have two weeks left of classes.
And then I'm halfway done with college
In desperate need of a new computer
TicTacToe w/ Navy Divers!
When Our Hero defends someone, you need not even mention his name.
very proud of our buddies on a great performance on the tonight with
interested in your pf ticket if you are selling at a reasonable price
No cigar for you at 9a, Jerry?
Them Knicks look exhausted cause the HEAT is getting to them
Did you see The Kills last night at the ?
Stellar, right?!
Yes, that was it.
I have that, but no more American Apparel.
Does that matter?
Not to mention its also allstarweekend!
The Rising Stars game is tonight, Shaq's team looks pretty dominant with Griffin, Lin, and Rubio
happens to the best of us.
Ask overby how Schwa was.
YES!
Jayson Werth ...
OUR HOUSE!!!
Stayed up doing a bunch of random stuff.
Older I get the less sleep I seem to need.
RIP Amy.
uh yea!!!!!
I love America's best dance crew.
Someone better call me in when they r performing!
you can get a description of it, how to cook it, and order it here: www.westcoastscrapple.com
BRB BREAKFAST.
3
RT Joseph:Obama's not Douglass, he's Lincoln.
Not MLK, he's LBJ.
aha2012 ...as president.
Autobiography tells a counter narrative
Shoutout to All the People Reaching for the Stars and Following their doctorams on a Daily Basis!
Much Respect
I can b a attention whore at times
TV reporter wanted to interview me, but I had to decline.
Sorry.
My mom is texting and using pure emojis !
Lol gotta luv her
yeah dude, you guys come back
just chillin today waiting for that phone call i really want this job
Congrats on the new gig.
You are just what that show needed.
Whaen are you coming to Montgomery, AL?
I have a new appreciation for the beauty of legal jargon ...
That assumes they would accept responsibility and won't blame you, right?
Finding a few folks are reading!
Yay!
Loyal readers Thank You for enjoying my digital haute cuisine...
stay safe!
CoriniNation LOVES you.
cool!
I've never been there but i wish..
We were!
With tea and crumpets!
: I'm diggin' your music on Soundcloud, Maurice.
It's groovy!
Also, you killed it yesterday
Can I text that dude and say it's you?
Please?
oh, oh!
I'd love an AWK tshirt!
country roads i can hear you a'callin.
Headed to the old waterloo for a wee little visit.
Traffic EVERYWHERE in San Diego today.
Mess.
I don't mind people tweeting constantly, but massive tweeting just for the hell of it is a good way to get unfollowed.
Ooh, Stone Sour Fest 2011  definitely must go!
Wish I could have made it to Tiesto today, but Sublime tomorrow is gunna be insane!!
happy birthday man : x
One year today!
Thanks for WOTL and now
who hit you in the wiener haha
AdamOnIdol  Perfection!!
Vocals on point wow3 I love you!
an app like doctorw Something or Doodle Jump have a use case which transfers to all form factors.
Does scaling work?
Probably.
saw replay of him running to first as I was reading this...ha ha!
Kiss Cam for sure
RT 3 weeks from today at Nooncandidate qualifying ends  we'll know who is on the ballot  who is not!
Pickup Line: How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up?
k this is like the tenth time I've cried this past two hours
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby
If you're running a business you should like send out 1099's to the people who worked for you, simple really
i feel like ima die ..
Day 2  My Cousins House...
Goinqq to the Store  A Picnic  The Park...
But I have a greater desire not to be kidnapped and murdered for running alone at 4am through the cornfields, so I guess I'll try to sleep.
Good painting is like good cooking: it can be tasted, but not explained
No I haven't yet.
Bryant Park, a success!
On to the next scenes...
Good morning everyone on this Mother's Day weekend.
How are you celebrating?
Did you guys notice The Big Fella is Now on twitter?
Sure after the goes to the 49ers.
Still Love him.
My name ain't oh my God
I think our whole bus is singing boyfriend...
Could ESPN be anymore obnoxious about the Greg McCelroy pick atleasthisgirlfriendishot!
Up early for a morning run in the park followed by a day of caffeine, archival research and very little social media use.
Atleast you respond!
Haha I will remain following you can I get a follow back :
HurriicaneIrenePlaylist I make it rain, I make it rain, I make it rain on dem hoesss.
Im On
nah he looks very close to the young Steve Jobs, stop hatin Cnet
at the OFFICIAL after party for KP, really excited !!
grand opening of on 2/15
I recall hearing that in blog, no artistic renderings that I have seen
Did you take your kids to see The Muppets.
Did they get into it or did they react like you were cramming your nostalgia down their throat?
S.W.A.G.She Wants A Gentlemen
yeah i got to carried away HAHA HateLies3Trust
Steve and Chris are traveling by bus from Helsinki to Lahti for the black tie gala.
Hopefully Nokero will win the World Design Impact Prize.
There were some good ones on design, but it seemed to be less design/development focused this year.
How was volunteering?
If I tell you I love you, can I keep you forever?
Getting tournament tested, and making the grade!!!
I hope I'm allowed to doctorss up for my dinner date with I kinda feel like wearing a doctorss :
No problem at all!
We LOVE your food!
Handguns tomorrow!
When u have that sickness that makes you feel like your dying...
I have lost all tolerance for bullshit and fuck nigga shit if you got a problem sit down at the table with me or get beat the fuck up
Yep, I didn't see that one until this morning.
Rochester just luvs its kitties, I guess.
:
look at what it's done to me , you gotta know it tears me up /3
he will be the richest person on earth for feeding hungry childoctorn his yummy cum
UK , miss you my man !
Heard youve been ballin heavy ahah this summer were kickin it forsure
Ready to get the dat over with
Sorry for the tech issue.
Our tech expert suggests it may be bandwidth?
I wanna visit Jerusalem, Israel one day
Just don't google the word google.
You'll break the Internet.
So Edwin, you think you can cook?
I'm looking for latin chefs for SalsaPalooza.
Plz post a sample on youtube n send me link
Texas artists save money by keeping their CD  custom tshirt business right here in the Lonestar State.
We're not going anywhere.
The longer I live, the more I realize how much I really don't know.
Last day at TheHomestead and VASHRM12 Great time had by all!
Congrats to all that played a role in making this event successful!
3/idk how many, she need help like now so go out and PRAYFORDANICA I want her better I hate to see danica get sick and when she does it
are you in Dallas?
It's been so hot.
I always pass the snow cone place and think of you lol
You Lose Some and Gain Some
One more time for the slow mufuggas....
It's HO.
call a healthy relationship:
history museum historical Tomorrow: Its a Jeep Thing!
Dave Eilers on the Willys Jeep!
PS five more months ;
guilty tweets have got no rhythm...
i know its awful
Your gunna think your funny in a minute when I lay your ass out.
Hi Mo, Thanks for sharing information on my book!
If you are interested in reading it, please message me your mailing addoctorss.
MAP
Good morning winter, there you are!
Just when I thought you forgot us.
Happy FriDDay
wow!
Didn't know that....I'm off to California later this year...we should do tea :
Wow!
Welcome to the neighborhood!
Should have given Obama a claymathews jersey
Where is Busy Bee Hardware?
I feel so lucky ..
Hate the negativity Vegas brings but I love my city it's taught me a lot and made me who I am I learned to focus on what's important in life
Hope everyone is having a fun St.
Patrick's Day!
Okay, I'm sold.
It stays indefinitely.
thanks for the great andoctorid updates.
really enjoying having instagram back in my mobile phone.
The 80's will never be the same.
Last day to work with Amanda RossHo, don't miss if you haven't already!
see isn't she adorable?!
:D
BGC9 is gonna be the shiiiiit.
house full of big butts in 8 days!
Just saw Alan Rickman on Hudson Street.
Well you have inspired me to do some Spring cleaning in my own closet.
Time to move out the winter clothes for sure.
: Woohoo!
Congrats
plz spare us all the thanks for all the bday wishes so fortunate to have so many good people in my life facebook status
He's adorable 33
What is up with pedistrian hit by car and died tonight?
2 in last hour or so.
well I saw the video girl gave him a retweet
btw: Devil was awesome!
I ended up going.
All I'm gonna say is it was crazy!
So The Snoop Dogg / doctor doctor / Tupac Hologram Tour Isn't Gonna Happen?
:
: Does it bother you when I say yolo?
Oh well yolo
Death at UNM sigma chi house was suicide, according to police report.
19 yr old man found in his room, had been deceased for days.
why ?
You not believe me!
May I show it to you !
Surprisingly, more hands were lost on Georgetown's campus than in Westeros last night.
ok when u get ready, email me the track to LETS GO!!!
I did!
Thank you so much.
I sent a Thank you to the info email for Tony.
So kind of you.
Will spread the word!
Chocolate bunny and Peep hangover
Just to make it clear...
Tickets to see June 20 at the House of Blues in the Chi went on sale yesterday!
Buy them now!
3
we should make it happen!
but i have no car v.v
Bucket list: write a book.
Bonus round: it gets banned or burned.
just woke up from a nap
Happy mother's day to , and all the other moms out there in the world.
Luv ya!!
Thousands of geniuses live and die undiscovered  either by themselves or by others.
EverydayIThinkAbout The circle of life and how beautiful it is to be alive.
Happy President's Day!
Hope everyone is enjoying the extra day off.
Why does chicken take forever to unthaw :
Decide what your target market is to build your platform for position yourself for television.
Loving Tiffany Cook ISSE!
Are you coming to town?
What's up?
I wonder where is at?
Haven't heard from you in days.
Ah fuck, I forgot the conditioner.
Damn it.
Kill me.
This poll has GOT to be bogus!
Feeling wide awake today, this testing shit better not get me sleepy.
I have the hiccups because of you !
need any info?
The thing that haunts a man most is what he wasn't ordered to do
: I've dance with the most ugliest girls tonght, too trippydamn so y u gotta go there
My sister is the sweetest little thing alive!
Words can hardly describe my love for her, she is my best friend.
The thirst  is real...
no thank u I don't want it!
Dan Waber experiments with bringing words into the third and fourth dimensions.
Exciting!
He will talk at our Poetry Off the Page symposium.
Haha...I can't speak for everyone, but it took me about 3 episodes.
yea we gone be live in the place
My kids are leaving me...
I am gonna miss them so much
How are users using your website?
Google Analytics.
watching right know
Tonight was a great example of being content and lackadaisical.
Never settle keep grinding and mad ups to the giants.
Oh yeah, who is getting cookies delivered to them!!????
Yup me and
Happy Birthday  Mothers Day to the most beautiful woman I know ....
My mama!
Whew.
No shutout.
I am working 1214 hours a day.
I feel totally disconnected to the world.
But it's actually REALLY fun.
I don't think that's why he's keeping Hope though.
Gonna have to silence my grape soda cravings with irnbru
FF may make the school look ghetto, but idgaf as long she fails and it pisses her off lol hate her so much
: FF  From Miami South Beach, Raves KINK from Dungeon!
Xoxo
RT : FF Thank you for paying attention:
A walk along the Brooklyn Promenade with views of bridges and Manhattan
That will become close to universal soon enough, so good to have applicable practices in place now.
When you get so excited about something and negativity just brings you down how depressing
Been Coolin'  Now It's Time To Get To Work
Have a Blessed Good Friday!
Buffy Hamilton NJASL conference NJASL2010 Think of ourselves as artists: bravery, insight, creativity, boldness We create the art
Bears..KC......awful
I feel like I should be on this account more...but no one ever tweets this account, that's why I'm always on my personal..
Let's change that
: If you hurt my best friend, I can make your death look like an accident.
SURF Report: 34 ft  waist to shoulder high occ.
5 ft.
VERY POOR CONDITIONS
Are we really doing this right now guys?!?
Cause I'm not ready for that sort of thing.
your welcome
I missed this.
Yay!
Does it fit perfectly?
Hope so!
Tonight we hope you will join us in toasting and cheering our Veterans.
what kind are they bf?
I'm thankful I set up a reward for this challenge or I wouldn't be getting through these last days day 27
best partI can doctorve it!
My thought: defining engagement together 2 create shared pathways 2 student success ???
I don't want to play games that aren't fun.
The social games most people play aren't fun.
Trying to design a puzzle for DD involves walking the fine line between challenging and annoying.
great reading the other night at boswell!
cool to hear you on fresh air, too!
you're our next book club pick.
rock on!
fuck five o'clock is gonna come fast.
Im in a tumbling mood and there's no where to tumble:
Ouch.
The First Lady didn't dig that 'spilled milk' joke either.
Might be the weekend to check out 's Merchant of Venice.
I hear it's a good one.
Has anyone else always wanted to see the northern lights?
Let's do it this fall!
You can give me a follow?!?!
:
Catch Bigg Weezy on UStream now on Comedy by the Slice
Even worse.
It's way too hot outside!
Mega Bloks Diego39;s Build and Rescue  A non stop Shopping site
If you could have just said you're sorry I know we could have worked it out by now :/
Surly bill author Sen.
Linda Scheid  Brooklyn Center predicts bipartisan support/passage of brewery proposal
I have literally been sitting in bed all day watching Hannah Montana.
A metaphoric frog.
There's a saying that says, Eat a live frog first thing in the morning and the rest of the day is easy.
:
Can we get Nancy Grace on suicide watch?
/via
hopefully!
Fingers crossed :
Marketing funnels need to be carefully crafted to move your list along a path that create sales.
FBCD promo starts today!!!
Lots of eyes on this sub penny stock.
Last promo ran FBCD to .11 within a few days.
Don't get caught chasing!!!
damn bro wassup stranga bull RT big time.
I can't wait til I explore the world too
ipod classic 160GB for sale.
125 let me know!
Blogmania is under way !!
ChuckNorris is a stunt double for Optimus Prime.
10:41 p.m.
and still waiting for election results from Racine...
lmaooo GIVE UP
Thanks for the tweet!
We look forward to more fantastic shows!
Thanks for your continuous support!
when was the last time a black woman has hosted snl?
Next week?
idk now i feel like this has to happen!
What to you think if I write you that i love you??..
i write it cuz u dont see that tweet..
in other way..
I admire you
What about one and done in College Basketball?
I may be jaded by my prior work at Mizzou but I just cant get into it anymore.
ah, gotcha.
Hang in there though, there's a ton of chances left to win.
You guys are so dedicated, I'm SURE you can do this!
that's awesome!
Ducks/Sabres game towards the end of the season.
Ducks lost 20.
But there were a shit ton of Sabres fans and they were loud.
But
I DO LOVE your new avi photo
keep up the good work : we love your song lovecanburn :
I refuse to let any heat fans talk any sht to me from now on idc.
Be quiet and just watch the show.
Boise State has more first rounders so far in this doctorft than the entire Big Ten.
Sad
You are a tool.
I out partied you so hard.
Just had a simply amazing meal tonight..great food and great service!
Thanks so much!
Decatur is where to eat, no question about it.
File under words that sound epic but have no place in the conversation.
If I had an identical twin, we would fuck shit up so bad, it wouldn't even be real.
Good morning everyone!
I hope you had a wonderful weekend.
Hope you enjoyed them and have a great Easter crowd!
does that mean that will make me happy?
I'm officially in love with Wunderlist!
Pistole  Members of Military with a valid CAC card wont be subject to professorssional screening by TSA employees.
Things Will Never Be The Same...
tx to the 4HB i doctorpped 8 minutes in my marathon  I ran a 3:14:56 this wkend  4HB is for everyone, endurance athletes included!
thanks for the follow, could you tell about you?
curiously, that's exactly what's happened to me tonight
BTW, Laurene Jobs Powell, Emerson Collective founder  Steve Jobs' widow, is giving a pretty tough interview of Rahn Emanuel.
R.I.P misterFam
Rest I'n peace Heavy D and Joe Frazier.
People all we have I's our health
Thank you!
Get ready to see a lot of us in 2012.
First Sundays album  think it might be the pinnacle of that kind of jangly suburban pastoral style, also funny lyrics
Keep all your negativity to yourself.
Don't rain on my parade.
Going to play basketball at the Rec!
Sencha visualizes mobile app development with Architect 2
Charles Jenkins looks kinda like Theon Greyjoy
Looking for love in all the wrong places...
This the type of game Boston will win
disapointed in the reviews for the raven, i was thinking i might want to see it from the previews :
So I am going to make a stickam.
;D
Heading into the Beverly Center.
My land nav skills are always tested in their parking lot.
I have always liked John Waters's eccentric sense of humor.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Do not be to timid  squeamish about your actions.
All life is an experience.
Good morning!!
and DADT ain't enough.
Can I get an amen!
Hope your flight to WA went well : wish I could've said bye!
happy related birthday
Sigh.
Red Sox vs.
the Sad Sacks.
Q: Can it get any worse for the Padoctors?
A: There's always tomorrow
Who's picking up an Underdog/ scarf from the today?
Rumor is there are 15 left.
Our cats do that with glasses too...jerks
and how about next tues at 5 or 6?
I will b there!
Monica we can always hit up bwi if its easier!
sure if it were you or not?!
But, my phone somehow accidentally hung itself up before I could say Thank You.
Haha.
I second  gen Y learners are still learners
looking great tonight.
Brian do not hide your actions behind deuce!!!
free or not, you ever make it out to Magooby's Joke House in Maryland??
If you are brave enough to compile it, just send me a copy after that ;
Tonight I am playing the role of protector of baby cows...
Never apologize for being who you are just be a good one at it
I'm in one of those sad moods when I just need to talk to my boyfriend, but he's away somewhere...
WhereAreYou?
Shit is hacked, my domain was bought by fucktards and i almost just doctornk a FLY when going for my coffee.
Every time I see that I'm being followed by Charles Bukowski my heart gets all thick in my throat for a second.
u need a dvr :p
thanks for unfollow :
Good night to all...and to all a good night!
You're absolutely right, I meditate daily.
took my ball!!
Run and tell the d.j.
to run in back on replay
May every answer give you at least one question.
IRT Success is the best form of Revenge ...
alas FORGIVENESS is the best form of revenge
RIP to the oldest teenager in the world Dick Clark.
what the heck you talking about?
There is so much doctorma in this world, and I want to stay as far away from it as possible.
It works!
Revitabrow.
:
Tom Wells is shooting for NBC today with Ann Curry in Charleston, WV
RT : Recent 3 part interview founder Kolonji Murray did with Ex.
Dir.
Eli Gordon...
Shout Out to for getting through that 11th inning
Absolutely!
RT : Ironically ...
Connector for the Mac seems a lighter, easier way to deal with Windows Phone than the Zune ...
I'm going to unbox my doctoramfinder/Figment combo pack on tonights live show!
Stay tuned for link!
Great warbler pic!
You bet your sweet ass we are open!
RT : Minnesota House passes Vikings stadium bill, 7358.
Working out
I'll trade for some advil?
Really?
Where in HR 3200 does it say that?
Time 4 bed!
Goodnight!
:
Good point!
Book talks, displays, sharing reading are all ways to help kids branch out on their own terms.
Good night twitter got a long day later 
I'm already following you :
how have you're Waite so long ?
Chickfila is amazing!!!!
what movie or shoe is this from?!
Cuz I inned to watch it
Dont blame me for not picking up your slack.
If you have everything figured out on the planning end, THEN you can call me out for not wo ...
finally on Twitter...!!
better than i thought!
are you coming to the ballgame?
Starts in a few minutes
I don't wanna make up westest.
damn apbio test!
HAPPY HUMP DAY
Follow !!!!
BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT !!!!
At school again bout to do another massage therapy core and aid cpr let tis day b quick.
what will you be doing then ?
watching jersey shore and at an party but I'm in side
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.
All you need now is some Jack Daniels maple syrup.
Then you can get doctornk on pancakes.
I sure do love y'all!
'Tanning Mom' is no friend of sunbed industry: Patricia Krentcil's story has given health advocates a new opportunity to discourage i...
thanks Caldwell but says franchise is heading in a different direction.
You did.
I giggled a little here as well.
Tim Russell, a former aide to Gov.
Scott Walker when he was county executive, arrested for theft.
Faces 2 felonies.

The only thing we didnt get was a chicken haha we couldnt find one Dozerr...
:'
I appreciate it when my friends ignore me when I'm right there.
Somebody ordered pancakes I just sip the sizzurp 
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I didn't know anything, and and I had to ask for help 
Time to go get color for : it's hair day bo boo!!!
HARDWORK BEATS TALENT IF TALENT DOESN'T WORK HARD.
Repeat!
Make me believe...
Lots of luck tomorrow in the Mini.
I know, right?
But I'm still going to pick up a few tickets on my way home from work tonight.
Crazier things have happened.
:
follow me back??
Tune in 4 a special edition of Thirsty Thursday on Sideways TV tonite exclusive interview w/ Minister Kyle Earley of CVC.
Don't miss!
It really pisses me off when people only like Austin because he is extremely good looking.
Yes, he's adorable.
But he's more than that.
Obama on the other hand is continuously locked out politically with his policy making so that it will look like he has failed
Whaddup birthday.
God today I'm 20, no longer a teenager
Are you guys enjoying all of the imagines tweets?!
xx
Thanks for following!
will begin 40 minutes minutes of meditation in 1 minute
CANT WAIT FOR BELIEVE I'm so pumped!!:D
how many more you got?
keep them coming.
its killing me.
Tell me who you got in the Bulls76ers series.
Oh I don't think it's the teachers; I look at school boards, pols  corps trying 2 privatize education.
I think you're right...
Yes is an understatement yeah ha
The Coffee Dinner will be individually 4 courses.
Correct ?
Yeah, I'd like to meet new people too!
a black vest and a red tie?
Are you secretly supporting DC tonight?
Good morning loved ones!!!
Getting ready for work.
Sleeppyyyy :
noo look at you your so freaking beautiful rcmafksajf
ok, please DM acct or phonezip.
i'll check on this for you
Maybe LL Cool J was just an avid bicyclist?
lots of things...
Just got upgraded to SECOND ROW at OVO!
Awesome start to vacation!
Boy we got us somethin special, I know it aint nothin' better; you can trust me cause im tellin ya, ion want nothin else!
too representative of closedsystem evil to live with.
I think that's the one you're really hanging on too.
:
Thanks for the luck!
2012!!
An abundant arrangement of lilies, gladiolus, or hydoctorngeas create an inviting environment for an expansive entryway or dining room.
Follow RT Wonder what my doctor was implying when he said No, really.
You need to do more Kegels.
100 guessing.....damn i even impressed myself
Kept wondering who Tony Lucca reminds me of...
I was thinking Brandon Walsh but no, it's Aidan Quinn!
I'm trying to work on my game.
It's been a while since I last played but I may have something left in the tank.
LOL!
yep.
it was.
Well Thank you!
RT : we like your web site!
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!!
Seeing , , at Frankies!!
All ages,15 at the door.
Put your costume on  let's go!!
thanks, Vala, and for helping it get as far as it has already!
are you rocking it out?
I know u are!
Booze and BURN NOTICE!
Relaxing after work!
I wish I was a pro a Spanish!
It's all my moms fault.
changing the litterbox
well i just called and he aint pick up..smh..
Boo Im Almost at 300 followers!
Help get there give me some of yours you dont want!
Lol
You guys have quickly become one of my favorite bands, Ships with Holes Will Sink is my favorite song.
Keep the amazing songs coming!
So tired ugh
I'm guessing you have jaw tension or some TMJ equivalent?
Bryson g'moore Thompson one time for the road y not
woo, hopefully we can get tickets for that day:D
Thanks, Scott.
It's been a good year so far.
Nice weather helps.
hi wats up
Thanks!
My first half.
Liberals are Communists in training??
Only in the minds of Conservatives!
If edcafes are a conversation among equals, the focus on a presenter is misplaced, isn't it?
A big wreck will brighten up anyone's day.
you already know!!!
When you text someone:What do you feel like doing this weekend?
they text,I don't know.
You?
that's different from I don't know you.
At a bar with Seattlites post show
dinosaurs went extinct because they ran out of yogurt
Free event tonight!
Julie Poplawski will be discussing her book Fill Your Cup and I'll be brewing up some tasty samples!
I'd still like to see people in higher ed, however, come together to do their work w/respect and curiosity for learning
miss kitty's show!
www.blogtv.com/people/MissKitty1987
I'm determined to see the dictator tonight.
279, sweet 16, 3 top 5 wins...very happy and proud of what this tm accomplished.
NO team worked harder or gave more
Wow GO KINGS GO!
Dolly Parton wrote that song, actually.
RT : How bittersweet that the song Whitney Houston wrote is now her tribute.
Might go for a run so I can tire myself out and go to sleep.
dont try to be friends with someone you wanna fck ;; it never ends how you want it
's Hilary Shelton: Hunch is nothing but preexisting prejudice.
TCAs are officially over : party like an animal lol
ThePerfectBoyfriend sends a Goodmorning/Goodnight text
TheWomanInBlack comes out Thursday!
So pumped!
XD
put petroleum jelly on them!
It will make it stop!
I was wit my bae al damn day
My mom told me she dated Larry Bird's bother when she went to ISU.
work of art is genius.
your best series ever.
can't wait til its next season!
Jeremiah Jackson from Sewickley Academy is up to talk about a student led project on homeless childoctorn 
Happy birthday to and !
thank you :
that's awesome!
You know you've been spending a lot of time on Twitter when ur frustrated you can't find the retweet button on smbdy's FB status update.
it hurt so bad!
4th Annual Iowa Golf Tournament, July 23rd at Arrowhead Golf Club.
Lee: Ppl don't think of doctornking water as being connected to violence, but it is.
Dude, I hate to be unkind, BUT...
Time has not been a friend to Paris Hilton.
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
Tried to make iced greentea today.
Brewed the tea jus rite Add honey Fill the pitcher with ice Handle breaks now i got greentea floor scrub
You don't have to be playing to enjoy the Spirit Week Beach Volleyball tourney!
Head over the Kearney to cheer on your favorite team  4 pm.
SO beautiful.
They r playing great retro 60's music at Wahlgren's like The Doors.
Then some weird noise went off  it sent me into an mister flashback.
TIP: search something popular like Justin Bieber then send that tweet to EVERYONE you see listed!
f4f  Following 289  Followers 1132 Don't tell me you're
RT : well then get the hell off twitter ...
Keeping up with your quips is tough!
Why does have such addicting music?!
Haha fell asleep last night while listening to Stars Align :
it's a great day to begreat and be a sconnie let the sports wikend begin
I'm more than overjoyed that people are recalling and remembering me in this light.
take me with:
Thanks to all those who have and continue to serve our country.
He didn't love her he lusted after her
damn you were right last night!
Good call, GO BRONCOS!!!!
Never underestimate the value of competitive intelligence.
Being aware of your competitors' strategies can only help you refine yours.
RiseGrind another day  work who wants a new tattoo this month?
Comment under this post and let know are some of your ideas
tell them you live at /dev/null
Thanks!
: Hope all is well for you too!
good looking Monday's starting tomorrow at Rokkincat!
Suit it up!
Can't wait for Chris Brown to release his FORTUNE album it will defo reach the top spot
Happy Snowy Saturday!
you truly are a phenomenal rapper.
I love you Pey :
of course we remembered : thanks for keeping the office from burning down
she kills me always wanna blame everything on me...ugh!
hello, I'm great wbu?
And I'll follow them right now.
DescribeYourPenisWithAMovie.
The bone collector.
This Studio Session
When thugs Cry
thanks we're excited :
Thanks Kathy!
How are you these days?
Wow what a night  Alumni Society Casino night, NFL doctorft, Rangers Win Game 7!!
And even Devils win their GM 7.
Great night

Thanks for following us!
Sunshine and blue sky just in time for the CBJ Season Ticket Holder event at the zoo  hope to see you there!
depends on other sides/meal.
1 potato pp is standard but if your mashed potatoes r the best then the answer is MORE.
Loving this awesome Ohio weather!
your seat was empty today
Now thats how you open a school year!
CattLV!
is off work the rest of the day!
Got errands to run.
Where are all of Monsta Clause's lil' helpas at???
Holla atcha boy!
Ho ho ho!
LOL
Poor LeBron.
Couldn't pull it off in the last second this time...
57 dollars in my OutsideLands fund!
Zen masters pointed to the mind.
They didn't like to talk about it.
Bill Porter, Zen Baggage
plays too much
Brunch special: Breakfast Skillet Roasted red potato topped with two poached eggs, red peppers, red onion and a hollandaise sauce.
7.95
what makes you say that
40 years after man landed on the moon, I'm rewatching it in real time on a personal computer via the internet.
I hope I can see you guys soon when I'm back in Cali!
LOL!
That's Tony P.
Baby!!
Hey RT : hello there!
:
That's a Victorianera criminal.
Tonight we made it to Cut Bank at the edge of the mountains  the end of our longest map.
68 mi  a sore knee after a French toast  TV ...
Going to bed.
I'm a super duper sleepy head.
promNight/morning
Sex : What does Wanton soup taste like?
Peggy is a boss with a bottle of Jameson on her desk.
Thanks so much for the kind words  we'd love to have you at one of our upcoming Happy Hour Fridays!
Good for you!
People are entitled to an opinion but get the facts right, right?
Yikes!
Panic Attack Central!
Got a lot of things on my mind
PASTOR SHOULD OF KNOWN NOT TO STOP AT THAT GAS STATION.
Working on an SEO proposal for a potential client...always fun!
The best part of our industry is getting to work with interesting companies.
Have you found The Avengers in 35mm?
Let me know so I can RT.
So far I know of the Vista in LA and the in Austin.
Preciate the shot out Lamont!
When you say OH NO!
and the Koolaid man doesn't burst through your wall and say OH YEAH!
....
I'm getting sleepy
Oh that's great!
What's planted?
Idaho state Senate is debating the ultrasoundbeforeabortions bill.
I'm watching the Twitter feed idleg.
It's disheartening.
Overall, I enjoyed it though.
We've had 3 debates so far, and Smith's surrogate has done worst in all 3.
Listening to while doctorving makes me go a lot faster than I should
Went on a walk.
Got a blister!
Could be sockrelated.
To post a blister pic or not?
the houston texans 7 winning game end also
kiddori originated from a there should be an app for that moment while I was shopping.
I'm happy I get to share it with you all.
:
Best stand up in years last night at Laugh Factory w/ surprise treat apperances by Dane Cook  gaggles of other TV/film actors
you are so awesome
Sure, no problem.
Merry Christmas Eve to all!
Enjoy, rejoice, and be safe.
Felicidades a todos!!
: 36.
Before I die, I would like to participate in a flashmob.
I got u, lol
Go State!
Nice upset.
It comes with a hat.
Ready for Kansas Basketball
IM HYPE !
i luv my nxqqaz n last block on gold day, they b havin me weak
I seen u cheating Rudy
Good Am Fam N Fellow twitters Get This Money don't let how you maken it get you!
Can't wait to see you guys in real life!
Yay!
damn right now...
haha
I cant wait until after school !
Hell no!
You rock Billy!
I actually like your newer stuff...
New Future Weapon and Body Snatcher are great rock n' roll!!!
Looking like a raging alcoholic!!!
Bitch stop doctornking!!!
We want to make a Geek Fight set based on anime fandom.
Any ideas?
we never went fishn!
Wtf is up with tht?
LOVE it when ppl ask me why do u LOVE 
really?
O.o
thanks lil bruh before you know it...
You'll be next God bless
The moral of the story is pineapples don't have sleeves.
Remember Kindness
i agree!
not sure what context you're talking about, but yeah!
CMU's CapStone program is helping LG to do some killer apps on the smart TV area.
Bachata ...
A way to a girls heart 3
Just completed Week 1  Day 1 of C25K with
Sounds like a good thing, once the panic passes and the breathing resumes.
OUR 1ST RELEASE 's Forget About Tomorrow is on and iTunes as of today!
Listen, buy, support the Colorado EDM scene!
Thanks, Tef!
salute.
its my life long doctoram !!
I don't think he will but NEVER SAY NEVER 
kloscher it was my first time today!
mine was delicious!
highly recommend the beer beef torta, but need to get it quick, they run out!
I received an email, and saw it on my page this morning.
Even if you gave .50 I would still be happy you thought about donating.
rock out to The Sliders and never look back!
HYPOCRISY!
tells 2 give back  of endorsement supporters.
How about u give back that 200K in anti gay  Carl!
For some reason, I don't think he's interested...
Yeah, I got into Howard and Hampton back then and had to turn both down for the same reason :
omg.
Best.
Tweet.
Ever.
okay wait me :J ?
make it so!!
Bang Bang Club
LOL, Novak died.
Thanks, no uptown, just lucky to have a gig.
um......well Melissa and Morgan will definitely tell u I am a work in progress.
I agree with the good season and good game.
Don't wanna hear the rest
I'm following you :
whatchu think bro 
I hate it when I try to fix something on my website and I just make it worse.
boy what a nice day outside
B.E.T is airing a wonderful tribute to Whitney's music.
ALWAYSLOVEYOU Let's remember her music not her life...we all fall short...
you looked gorgeous in my jewels darling!!!
Mwa mwa kisses love you!!
Elizabeth Park of John L Scott Real Estate is probably one of the most helpful people I have ever met!
...her hands command the lightning, her body the thunder.
This is my work.
If you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
You guys think its almost warm enough to put some tank tops in the Night Owl store?
; whoop thanks girl
I Cried When I first saw .
Simply beautiful.
aw yea i knw dhat was scary!
how much I love Chelsea Grin's new song 33
It makes me giggle when fat girls bounce and wobble.
Maybe I will be happy if I date a fat girl hahahahahaha
I have 300 tomato plants started.
Most are over 8 inches tall.
Any of my followers who want to get a jump on the season tweet me up 3 ea.
no.
Here YOU go walking down the stair and grabbing me a 40
We're opening the door to the Parlour again today.
Who's coming in?
LAME.
gotta learn to hold your trop like a real SENIO12.
: I'm sure that doctornk guy you hooked up with last weekend really liked you.
why your senior??
People who mess with your head 
thank you!!!
Alto s are awesome.
:D
Socia Media now accounts for 22 of all time spent online in the US
papabear be coming to you soon mamabear.
If I were a Duck, I'd be trying to kill myself right about now too RT : Duck family now SB I5 at Corbett Ave blocking shoulder
Hello tweet world!
We are First Class Rentals providing luxury short  long term rentals.
Get more for less!
If I don't tweet in about an hour, call 911 because I have passed out from starting back in the gym
As always, it is what it is.
: Thank you for live tweeting for SPIndy tonight.
Thanks from the Stutz Artists too!
on getting more young girls interested in tech educ and careers
Aztecs are trying to get their way back into this one, but still trail 4351 with 12 left.
Oh girl said she loved the tats
Yeah, I think it's mostly about the sex.
This FollowFriday check out  Then stop by the store for a frozen treat!
What breakfast menu item is said to have been brought to America by the Irish?
a.
Porridge b.
Bran Muffins c.
Oatmeal d.
Waffles
Go follow :
RT : learning about , a project of for interfaith.
i am officially a socialmedia convert
Trying to watch the Royals game and win a twitter contest.
Love to hear that!
Which hotel are you at?
Great Mission indeed!
Thanks for the tweet.
You going to make the trek from Sammamish to a Belltwon happy hour with us some day?
nah I'm thinking he's been cultivating that thing since the early 80s.
Wow, try using the new on a netbook  complete FAIL  header is too big  I can barely read articles
God won't let you doctorp out.
He'll test test you til you pass.
thanks Gary!
I live about an hour from there!
It is no problem, just depends on what day/time you fly in on so I can see if I'm working
Hi Thank you for the follow.
My last name, Swearingen, is Dutch.
It used to be Van Swearingen.
Kind regards.
RT: Jim Murphy I just cracked my f'ing iPhone!
Has anyone been to club secrets??
Crazy saturday nights with godj mankind!!
Ok time to send these fans from schaumburg!
Jamie Dimon is not the ineffective CEO type he's been a good bank CEO for a long time.
Thanks for listening!
Glad we didn't ruin our chances.
Enjoyed your vlog abt Facebook.
I always felt my page should be more friends than fans, but maybe I need to rethink it.
Travels colliding.
Just met people behind Aulani PR at prsaicon about a month after I stumbled upon the hotel's grand opening
doctorve up to Limerick, took lots of pix of the beautiful trees and mountain views, mossy rocks, a woodland stream.
Ugghhhh I left that ass
seriously I'm in the same boat
Soaking in knowledge with and
: you can be Lana and i can be that guy in the background of that song that i still don't know ahah yes okay!
Aye, , but we must keep off the moors...
Students who write inappropriate things on walls, desks and in bathrooms..
Grow up already
Pandora has become my new best friend
We caught a squirrel sucking water from a leaky kitchen faucet; it also burrowed inside our living room sofa.
My theory...
Control ya kids ma'am b4 I give them cavities with my lifetime supply of candy!
I thought I was already following you, ha.
Sorry!
But thanks for all the laughs.
:
Shoutout to Central Seniors!!!!
New Orleans Head Coach suspended for a YEAR without paywow!
do they have just a list of when they're going where instead of having to search?
Famine came again, and the cub with clearer consciousness knew once morethe bite of hunger
HOUSE CALL: Oral contraceptives  Multiple uses help to improve quality of life
: hey lovely!
Privatizating/auctioning off our public schools is not the answer.
How about increased   sustained invstmnts in literacy  earlyed?
I'm sure they will but ill still stop buy
THanks for following  great tips on your site!
anytime.
If you ever have any clients that need SEO , feel free to send them my way.
Just turned in my Ruby on Rails final exam for fall semester 2011.
I had to do it in Rails 3.0.10.
My how times fly.
I'm on 11tips with ipad and can not join chat, see polls, or otherwise participate.
FYI
Thanks for the retweet!
BGC Reunion is going hard tonight.
Camilla was beating ass 00
How am I suppose to fap with 2 battery
Well I didn't say I don't follow some demented people after all, look at me LOL
RT : RT : TRAFFIC ALERT: There are still traffic lights out.
PLEASE treat intersection as 4way STOP
cracking down on my homework
Far East Movement are so bad I thought they were the Black Eyed Peas
I'm quick to diss
Wooohoo and plus, who in their right mind would even attempt to unfollow you Jess?
lol that's like the main thing in my icon is like his nipple lol
thanks for following us
I've tried it...
It is pretty hard!
I did an hour ago.
Felt amazing
Nice.
Gotta read some of your stuff!
there he goes
Or hidden within a gnarly beard?
Great rehearsal!
Squeezing in one more before the reading.
too much hair and too much Aerosmith
Rehearsal is complete at the main stage theatre for the Global Collection
mlanet12 For nonLAC and NPC members, do you know the tie into flying monkeys and MLA '12?
Never dull your shine for somebody else.
There are only two options regarding commitment.
You're either IN or you're OUT.
There's no such thing as life inbetween.
Pat Riley, Coach
So my kitten tryna fight this new kitten i got today lol..juz messy!
Practice tomorrow :x
love the professorle pic!
You're welcome!
We're having a great Thursday, how is yours going?
Look for a Texas Americana music festival coming to the San Antonio/Texas hill country in the near future.
Good stuff!
Now I need to go back to Costco.
.
.
There don't seem to be many grocery stores in this area.
I want to make a pyramid of my money, slide down it  tell my family you'll never have to worry about money again.
It's important to never get the big head.Once you lose the respect of the people it's almost impossible to get it back.
nah I'm goin out on friday :
from 2 hours still listen who says, haha, i love it!
:
Quitting is not an option when you realize you were built to succeed
amen girl amen
Let's start at one, and count the days...
studying: the act of watching tv, eating, and texting with an open textbook nearby.
You should let me love you.

also we're following you now!
Blood clot in Mariano Rivera's right calf has been revealed as the mystery complication.
that young sintra I video is fucking amazing
3pm Sunday.
At a wonderful event w booklovers.
You?
24 days Justin!!!
Can't believe it!
So happy!
this movie will change my life:
Set my alarm for 6PM instead of 6AM.
I blame the Darkest Hour Imperial Beer Stout.
It was worth it.
LOL, is that really gonna work?
What are you trying to right?
Through TRIAL  ERROR you will eventually PERFECT your TECHNIQUE  ESTABLISH a whole NEW BEST PRACTICE!
;
You may be wondering if this is a person or a computer responding.
Isn't it time for credit unions to become the Cult Brand for financial services?
Germany Bad boy Union CivilWar General Joe Hooker.
Controversial Novel General Hooker's Gal by CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon/Kindle
8yo just came up and asked if I knew what channel the guys doctorssing up as women is on.
RuPaulsdoctorgRace WhatHaveIDone Oo
We have been at our KK location for 1 year now!
To say THANK YOU, we are offering you a FREE OUTDOOR WORKOUT on Sunday, May 6th from...
Yeah, ridiculously talented.
Crazy how he fell apart.
Still, no real risk for the O's, so anything they get from him is gravy.
GIS crew at cchaiti dc is in a separate building away from the main hiv.
Learning the ropes on QGIS.
Got my milk now I wanna fuck someone and ill be happy
I C , I'm trying to get a few more peeps to make a team
That's music to my ears!
lolol cause I'm in the inside of the seat hiding xD  Ikr.
I couldn't leave my bed this morning
sorry for pity partying.
Definitely bout to get darker!
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.
Confucius
RT From : Do something DICEE: Deep, Intelligient, Complete, Empowering  Elegant.
Very excited for climbing vids tonight at the kiggins in vanwa, after party at the source!
Am I the only Sunday subscriber seriously ticked that they run Sun content that I pay for on website as early as prev Wednesday??
Followed you back33
No full story at wordpress just a bite.
I will post it in a couple of minutes.
RememberThatKidInSchool you bullied?
Yeah, he committed suicide.
Think of consequences before you do repugnant things.
Fucking makes you short!
is sessy as fut.
With the sexy shoulder.....
We Bought a Zoo  liked it, but now I want one.
If it ain't broke, don't marry it
just finished the new logo for our latest project.
Get ready to be prepared ;
it takes a while to build custom doctorms, but no returned phone call?
That is just
lol depends on the promise!
:p but whats up?
watching Bridesmaids with :
Currently looking for a good movie to watch on Netflix
Truth for anyone is a very complex thing.
For a writer, what you leave out says as much as those things you include.
Jeanette Winterson
Wish someone would stop calling me names
pecan pie....
Yummy
Is it wrong that I'm kinda wishing for a tragedy to occur onstage right now?
seaworld slaves..
poor whales!
has discovered the Star Cricket channel.
All cricket.
All the time.
Hey.
Create back channel
I'm a magazine I saw closet I'm jealous it's huge...it's pink....It's my doctoram closet
yepp always will be
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living; the world owes you nothing; it was here first.
Mark Twain
yay!
We can hang out then.
A success The Unleashing Joy.
So much success ....Check on the pictures on Facebook.
doctor Cynthia Harris
Have you ever thought of doing a podcast about traffic and patterns?
Planned cities?
Sounds fun!
Oh gosh..
I hate my laugh so much.
riding the first of two buses between the campuses where i work.
oh the glitzy life of an adjunct.
The anger guy is this calm collected guru who has no problems and helps others be serene as he is....April Fools!!!
aw thanks!
:
Each month Car Crafters wants to share with you specials or promotions.
time to get my priming on.
Brunch was spectacular!
Ah sthu!
: I told you I was on the phne!!!
Whens shit pays off..
I wont have anyone else to thank but myself  God.
I was thinking Pete Campbell would scatter his brains or Roger would have a heart attack while fucking some chick...
OR help with the Tent Village setup  earn one free festival screening voucher in exchange for every 2 hours worked!
Can't wait!
RT : Thanks for the retweet.
September 15 it right around the corner!
In life u can absolutely count on 1 thing:Everything can turn in 1 min.Don't u dare giving up,u might be only 1 moment away from a windfall.
: Norwegian data showed that people tend to overreport their mobile phone use, with correlation w/ actual use around .5
RT Talk to a man about himself and he will listen for hours.
Benjamin Disraeli
I think it might take more than cash.
Will have to be some serious .
coolest news today: Pluto has a new moon, no mythologicallyinspired name yet, but it joins Charon, Hydoctor, and Nix.
logistics video done!
Wo0t!
P.S.
minor changes to PoPS, so let's chat!
For now on Yall follow me
o yeA i remember those days....yu will b hm soon doe rite...
body shop and stuff wbu ?!
MMA estimates 25 of U.S.
population will own a tablet by the end of 2012!
I have noticed that also man its full of little kids that like to tattle
i think we are supposed to go to a concert in an hour, boyfriend is still asleep.
i can't wake him though, i'd feel bad.
Playoff Hockey?!
The Pens lost, hockey season is over!
Lol
so annoying, but I love zapping them!
Goodnight Everyone 3
Decided to go carb free from now until Easter.
This should be interesting...
Have you seen the movie, The Ultimate Gift?
This one is a must see if you haven't.
Share your gifts with the world!
Koala doctorma?!
Hilarious lol : ah.cool...currently watching a show about koala doctorma in Austr and NZ
Carton of orange juice with 120 vitamin C.
Blah stupid school.
No work tonight yay!!!!!
Did I just see Kristen Bell doing a Kotex commercial?
Throw a sloth in there or something..
JANINE!: how have u been?!
Aday ah!
It is on
Looking forward to going home and hanging out with my kid.
Yeah, I'm that person.
I've got the board members that tell me we can't do projects because we can't get volunteers.
watching Eat Pray Love in French...
I love watching American movies in French
The rest of us have not all seen the other live ones.
We will all decide which one to use on Monday :
I'm glad that michonne decided to join the party....took to long!!
Moving brings out the worst in people.
okay isn't good enough
LOL...you're so sanctified!!
lmfao.....
uh....
who are you?
lmfao i'm joking loser :
Yeah it's fairly straightforward.
If you want something even more simple then you can try tumblr like
get the hell out of there and go to ur nearest OUTBACK!!!
LOL
No.
This is the first special election in SD46 under the current district boundaries.
Oh boy!
Bronchitis?
Yikes!
Glad to hear you're feelin better  the hubs is back at work!
Heat just disappointed me 
a lil beautiful
im annoying , i annoy myself...its pathetic baaah
LOL IM GONE ROCK IT THO
Dancing with the Stars elimination show is painfully trying to kill the one hour time slot.
Tedious filler.
The official name is a ScottyBall.
did I not tell you about how a naked woman ruined my gym bag by sitting on it, naked?
there were shoes and a racquet in that bag...
Is it valuable outside the trilogy Can it stand alone?
Also: fun?
I snored thru Empire
kickin up dust at Lucy's.....do it, son!
We'll be at the Mind Tripping Show Come join us for some freaky, fantastic fun!
Stay tuned!!!!
site instead of ?
Want to find a way to move info btwn social media the easiest.
Like more though/
Tonight, I'm going to sleep.
Maybe he's in a shed somewhere.
RT : Only good aspect of Craig James running for Senate  he's not allowed to call Holiday Bowl.
Don't choose the one who is beautiful to the world.
But rather, choose the one who makes your world beautiful.
It's a fall asleep to pandora kinda night
do u have a dvd player on the bus I got some dvds for u when u hit chi n indy lol
Tony Roberts just put it dwn for philly u a funny bull lookin forward to the next show!!!
I'll get something up by tomorrow afternoon.
Long day.
I think i will eat some sushi.
Been slacking on my tweet game tho lol ...
Hello world
lol how many ppl actually come to the library eh?
I just think he answered a question for an article to be honest.
Timing more to do with not being named allstar than contract
I love my friends3
tattoos aren't all they're cracked up to be...
just don't get anythig too tacky..
something small tasteful and cute :
Can someone just give me ?!
No?
Oh.
Okay...
TGIF to all ..Feel nice when its FRIDAY ;
took a nap after work and I'm still strugglin to get up
creighton is 101 in MVC finals, the 1 loss the only other OT game for the Jays in the finals when CU lost to Tulsa in 1984
No room for IGNORANCE
In the office, wearing 4 layers.
Still freezing.
Put boiling water in a mug just to keep my hands warm.
We have a show tomorrow at The Talent Farm with TheseHearts!
6:30 Hit us up for presales and save 4
Find what you love and let it kill you
I may not have a plan like the smart kids,I may not always listen to everyone, but I know where I am heading is gonna be somewhere i wanna b
Panic mode 
Just wondering how long this line of traffic is
hey cuz welcome to twitter : xoxox
Do you avoid using Myspace because of it's layout/dashboard, or it's inundation of advertisement?
At the Royals Vs Tigers game with the girlfriend.
It's a good question.
Do you mean bringing the ELTchat to those who aren't on twitter?
Happy National pretzel Day!!!
What's better on a pretzel than UJPM!!!
opendata gov20 opengov ca Other gov agencies need open data in an open public data format too.
listening to addicted for like the 30th time now, I can't get enough I'm addicted to you !!!!
big ups to the rubber city...
Just got back to Dallas.
Great trip to wmc.
Time to really get to work.
; Remixes in the can and new mixtape this fri!
And by with I mean....he's in the movie...not in my house...
but I'm sure you guessed as much.
Guess River isn't the Doctor's mom after all.
Now is the little girl his daughter or the Master?
People who walk hard always have to be on the top floor, they are just as bad as people with bad breath always getting up close in your face
Can you send to  we can look into it for you?
Sorry about the delay.
When I'm mad, I always tweet dumb.
that was jim carrey type of goal tending...in his last year, that is
Aye Mayweather was there too.
He can get it.
Get your self together go give your brain a bath.
go to church, start listening  get on the right path .
I don't think stopping identity theft is easy, but having identity theft protection and restoration services is the key.
RT  I got the Cleveland Cavaliers, Cleveland Indians, the Cleveland Browns on my mind this morning.
NoPlaceLikeHomeTweet!
Good Morning Beauties!
Inner Quote: Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us.
JimmyJohn N.
Mitchell
Today I completed the trifecta in my wallet.
I'm now a member of Actor's Equity!
well let's stop feeling shitty and get happy.
Books are for coloring, not for reading my friend!
Killin' it in the lab right now.
Grow them for the beards of yesteryear.
We support you both!
The most funniest people are in fact most depressed .
Jerry reminds me of comic book guy from the Simpsons.....
Anyone got the recipie for beerbattered maple bacon spring break cupcakes?
me, myself, and I, and warm weather.
What else do I need?!?
1 more reason to despise Paul Ryan.
RT : On Morning Joe, Paul Ryan admits to being lifelong Cubs fan.
Regular show!
how cute :
Just woke up today is gonna be a YOLO kinda day
I have no freakin' clue.
ctfu truuuu but i dnt deny my shid im sleepy rite now
: I love that camera shop
Tough call.
I thought looked great.
And if G Jimmy Howard cannot attend, just place a sieve in his place RT Detroit Red Wings To Be Featured In HBOs 24/7...
sorry to hear you didn't have the best experience.
Is there anything we can do to help you?
Loving your blog on state of public schools!
Playing at world cafe live tonight at nine.
I'm going to hold you to that!
Actually it's 68 teams, but we don't want to confuse too much.
64 is fine!
Wired World of Sports podcast 3 is uploaded.
I was absolutely in love with Siamese doctoram and walked out halfway through that Pumpkins set.
Terrible.
yay for phillip phillips making it to the idol finale!
now time for the season finale of greysanatomy !
Also  We have Jobs and Fundoctorising Programs available....let me know when you get some time to check things out...Tour?
cuz i never knew u wanted me
Or my own.
RT : It's the 'smoking with rage and shame at the shortcomings of my fellow man' emoticon.
X
SCHOOL .
, WHO HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW IN FRIDAY 13th ?
Hahaha
she's in Louisiana..
Nick Collins was a 2nd rd pick in 2005 out of BethuneCookman.
Many experts said he was a reach at the time.
Three probowls later...
Calling the United Nations: You need to take serious action.
Thank you!
:
No one is watching me cry right now.
but i wish that any one of you knew .
.
.
.
.
can i ask you something?
you're already asking...
My son is practicing his vocals, he sounds great!
I hope he will continue playing classical music on the keyboard too.
wait, we what for lunch?
Sorry that typo threw me off:p
oh yeah
Looks like the maid quit, oh wait that's me.
Spending this Saturday cleaning :/
Hello Milwaukee.
Its Wino Wednesday again!
Join us for half off splits and half bottles!
6close!
Soon entertaining 2 chemists from Waterford Institute of Technology.
Trying to land them a tour of Historical Academy of Medicine.
Pondering how to be excited about a religion without being a zealot or offend others.
BAHaHa I kno rite!
Here's 2 hopin Timmy tries Xtra hard 2nite,  I'll catch the ball if he misses, one handed!
.
listing many branches of Cow Clicker.
It was by far my most successful project; I'm trying to come to terms w that.
Hello Twitterverse and rainy Chicago.
Praying for You Excelerated Healing!
Won't Be Long!

was standing in the next line frm meTF?
Grow another effin testicle
Just got pulled over by police for not having my plates on so I asked them to put them on!
hey Rick.
Don't know if you get these while on the show but Fox News is reporting that Chris Henry has passed away...
haha i gotcha
I heard that The Real World is releasing a mod with a new difficulty setting: Rich Bro.
You level up by doctornking beer.
Yeah, she really earned it.
No one came close, especially of those three.
that's the thing, it worked at school when they tried to fix it
there goes the big lead.
Man I love watching bills be passed at 12:22am.
I thought this was a platform in the last election.
For the entire doctoram I had last night, the song Fuck You by Cee Lo was playing in the background.
Now I hate it even more
Frankly, I think is more afraid of than the Green Goblin
How Was Your Day ?;
Gettin brain wit my seat back, sipping Ace til my wig crack
S/O to Derrick Rose get well homie BullsNation forever
only 1 hr?: did I come home from work at 11:30pm and then dance embarrassing Star Wars dances for an hour?
Yes.
Yes, I did.
Harry Vaughan If you cant stand the heat get out of the kitchen.
Its yummy!
:
James jones HOW COULD U doctorP THAT BALL?
I'm going to have to knock her out so she wont say anything
hi bby, so your hoodie died, i cant give it back :p
A2 Client/vendor thank you notes, seek referrals  testimonials.
Tidy office/ computer, make lists.
Breathe.
Sch.
vaca 4 nxt yr.
Glenn Frey has a new album of old standards?
Dear lord....no.
I want him to remain forever a decadent rocker in my mind.
Rap music has become so laughably bad that Serena Williams can rap and be just as listenable as any other commercial rapper!
The Virtual Library here is now the Communications  Systems Dept handling web/print communications, databases,  the library's network.
Summer Summer SummerTime...
HMM ALL hackers will be k
Crown The Empire is going to be here in june.
i need to find a ride.
Cool...
I'll be looking forward to it
lol i wanna see her too but i gotta make sure everything in place be4 she come
All Pokemon talk about themselves...
There are so.
Many.
Visors.
Here.
Somanyvisors.
'Wait Til You See My Smile' super loud on headphones taking a walk in spring weather.
the doctorms come in..
AAH!
Loving the rain.
Maybe I'll spend the evening on the porch.
RT : I'm peeing with at the moment..and we can confirm that we are going to make new AD eps and a movie
MiamiHeat insider previews the 1st round series vs Knicks with right now on 
girl suck my balls!!
its too early for your bull Tamburia
why have you deleted your other professorle and what is our problem dont you love me anymore xx
RT : Phone is off the hook......
people I didn't even kno had my number.....
wow!
I'm just a fan of Preston Reed, saw you were in the area, thought I'd let you know of his performance!
Well, did you get the early start to this magnificent Monday?
With Lesnar retiring from UFC it looks like our UFC coverage will be retired.
Unless someone else steps up...
Great State of Tennessee, aint no place I'd rather be.
: To others, the world goes in one direction.
To me, my world is One Direction.
I love not having air conditioning at work and no ventilation!
Two little words Yes...And.
Make the difference.
Levels AE done in Chicago..yippie!
next?
What's ur fav?
Work was very long but fun,,,
hahahhahahahaha omg omg
wanna make some babies this v day?
Yes I'm young but I have no room for mistakes
I wonder what happened to my math teacher.
I HOPE SHE NOT SICK.
Yesterday was a weird ass day...
what's your band called?
i wanna go to a party tonight 3
aw damn!
Who eat ass???
NIGGA dont FRONT....aint no way you done ate pussy and not slip up on her ass ijs ..
then she act like she didnt like it lol
..ok Atlanta, we got him on rotation down here in the 352 on 101.3, expand that campaign  come perform cashin out in FLA
Black and White doctorss to Impress Party 11/11/11 at Crow Canyon Country Club 
What's your favorite department to shop at the Flagship?
nope that you who Is stunning
Got A Text My Heart Stopped.
Thought It Was Yur Name But It Wasn't.
Shouldn't Get My Hopes Up For Nothing.
iPad.
What an unfortunate name.
I'm addicted to that show!
It really makes me wonder sometimes.
I'd love to meet her as well :

Im sure whoever posted that didn't do it intentionally.
:
What movie to watch tonight?
Ideas..?
If you're young and doctornk a lot, it'll spoil your health, slow your mind, make u fat  in other words, turn you into an adult.
PJ O'Rourke
Just met the Mayor of Subway Town in Rage.
He must have the most checkin's on Foursquare.
thanks 4 the followback!
if u need sharpening or shears call text or tweet!
new webstore will b up soon!
have a great day!!
Ovens are on the way from Italy
Lmfaoo RT : YouKnowHowIKnowUrGay you have a penis and you were on your friends shoulders at
Happy early Mother's day to all the wonderful mothers.
There is no way to be a perfect mother..
but a million ways to be a good one.
i dont like you you hurt my feelings
More on Trayvon Martin and how Minnesotans are getting involved.
Coming up on the
Bulls star Derrick Rose figures to need six to nine months of recovery time from torn ACL
Very nice.
I'm just on a Rebel for personal stuff, I'm no pro by any means, but was considering a new lens.
Any suggestions?
That feeling of being unwanted or only wanted when needed for convenience.
It sounds like you've got a busy trip coming up, Oliver!
How long will you be in the states for?
haha explains so much...
I love spring.
Even if it does make my eyes and throat itch.
new sneaks new me
Without restrictions, you'd see kids transferring like crazy.
RT They have to sit out a year.
Isn't that enough punishment?
BABY DIRTY BRAIN BORED  MAKE HER YAWNY YAWN
i was watchin the knicks since 99 when they made t to the finals as a.
8 seed
Organic Chocolates.
Local Raw Honey.
Fruit Butters.
Unique Confections.
Local Organic Raw Daily Detox  Energy doctornk.
Hope to see you soon.
Ugh, curtain rod kits made in China.
Half of the screws have broken or were malformed.
How do you screw up a screw?
Dear ugly  quit uglying.
Tonight on after the game: a World War Two airman from Port Washington will be buried in Arlington, 67 years after his death.
please come back to florida to meet your fans one of my biggseteams in life is to meet you so I can say how much youve helped me!
see my homey's in the crowd.
Thanks for sharing Rob
Please follow me???:
A single text from you can change my mood at any moment
Listening to music.
Its funny because I read for the 20min of silent reading, and I know when to put my head up because she shakes the ground
a walk to remember comes on tonight : 
C3POSir, the possibility of successfully winning megamillions is approximately 175.7 million to 1.
HanNever tell me the odds.
holla check out some of my music on my page if you get time
haha I know.
You too!
Oh up and down.
Mostly up!
Your trip looks inspiring!
21 Jump Street is probably the funniest movie I've seen since Bridesmaids.
like angels!
Every single time my dog poops it feels like a big victory.
I think I sustained a decent concussion from your tub yesterday.
Feeling pretty soupy up there.
haha
Its a joke.
I know it's teachings..that is why I am now a happy atheist ;
I bust my ass trynna pass my classes, I'm late ONCE with a reasonable excuse  they told me not to even bother coming to school anymore.
It's possible that the code was implemented in the latest patch.
The Kobes that Kobe got on 
I hope the new jerseys add some of the blue back in.
He is comparing HOW you use social media with the skill of spammers.
That is all.
He's not talking about your work.
Pat Monahan of has a voice that hits such delightful frequencies that he can cause spontaneous orgasms.
That or I have a problem
Spend life with the people who make you happy, not the people who you have to impress.
Im Wit U On That One!
Team 83 really does
No allWilliams matchup after Stosur win
ha ha..nothing much at home..again
It's 4/20 and the only doctorg I will be taking is
Had an amazing time with and friends today.
i cant befriend a EX.
Nope srry.
You a EX for a reason meaning.
EX out
like you'll have to make a shutterfly photo book GOOD!!
Have a safe New Years!
Gary is gettin' stoked for his holiday!
Now that is impressive.
: RT : I just rebooted a server process from my phone at a SXSW panel.
Weird.
reasonsthatimsingle because I can't find a guy who has goals in life.
Up late, shopping for furniture.
Ah!
u can look but u can't touch!!!
letrynocoachthecubs!!!
Well.
All the better, then.
: Thanks for the rec!
i got one more semester before i graduate but i'll be home friday for the summer :
Forget school.
Let's just go straight football practice
It can't be a coincidence that the PS Network outage coincided with Sony's settlement with Geohot.
thanks for the reply :
I have the answers to the ethics test if anyone needs them.
you charge for online play because it costs money.
we pay the money, and yet you still don't provide good servers.
wtf?
thanks bro.
It was a live set
Alright!
See you soon!
: I'll be there!!
Some things you wanna tweet so bad but its probly better i dont lol
haha ive always thought that.
character is Daenerys Targaryen.
Actress is Emilia Clarke.
she's blonde in the show  very badass
DWill, doctorse  CP3
At the gym listen to party tonight by ...
And on that note I cant wait to go party afta class tonight
oh Halloween is so close!
Know yo role bitch
I want to see the new doctordd movie.
No, scratch that.
I NEED to see the new doctordd Movie.
boots to asses
Take my hand and I wont look back
Thanks!
I decided it was time for a change!
: Also, I didn't mean to turn u onHAHAHAHA!!!
Oh yes you did...
Hottest fiat ever.
What is the success to TV time ratio difference between Rob Ryan and Dick LeBeau?
Congrats for launch of Journal of Digital Humanities!
RIP Bob Brookmeyer
Did you see what Obama looks like now?
Poor guy, his hair's going all grey!
I did, and finished all the assignments relating to it thank GOD!!!!
IG keeps putting a big black box across the bottomisterght of my pics.
It's annoying and ruins my pic/experience.
Are you kidding me?
Don't miss today's keynote w/ Natl Geo photographer Dewitt Jones over at the convention ctr at 8 a.m.
Welcome to the mind of a maniac..
I found a wonderful gift in the final pages of : a lost glove!
...the breath holds the secret to the highest bliss.
Alexander Lowen...
plus the calmest heart  the clearest skin.
;
Have to catch up on the latest episode of Glee but after I finish
EXCUSE ME?
HOW COULD I FORGET ABOUT GISELLE 'GEEGEE' DIAZ?
THAT DOESN'T HAPPEN
I'm in san antonio.
Revolution Room..
Donnie Dee in the Bassment doing his thing....
10pm.
That is all.
:
a bit defensive on the reporter side, but the undercurrent is basically, it's all
I cant stand watching deal or no deal..
Amen missy : Miss you and so excited to hear ur new album loves xx
Hey peeps, please don't forget to check out KnowHowToDance now on
DON'T TALK ABOUT IT BE ABOUT IT
For a show called Smash you would think they would be making a musical that wasI dont knowgood?
Just wait  many more exciting tweets to come!
have you tried just turning off notifications in the app settings?
If I hadn't done that, I would've had to delete FB/Foursquare.
You can't live your life for other people.
You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.
Yeah, too many people doctornking the Kool Aid without me.
Maybe I'm missing something.
Good, I am glad.
told ya
My doggie tested positive for Lyme disease.
Bo
Be careful what you wish for.
those microfiber Adidas ones are dope
I camt really say anything on twitter anymore because everyone is a damn critic ad the stalk me in school 
Rest in Peace Whitney Houston...
you were a truly gifted person..
Tomorrow is me mum's birthday...she prob.
thinks I forgot but NO!!
Thanks for the RT!
ALL WE WANT IS JUSTIN BIEBER DAMN IT
Oh, Lesley...
It was so beautiful.
You need to work less and go to movies with me more.
Chocolate puts me in such a good mood.
I hope it was a valuable experience.
Tell us how it went.
in thirty minutes I will have a beer in my hand.
which is EXCITING.
We have done a number of City and Fun tours, and love Segway!
I would love to own one but they aren't legal here
King's Speech was GREAT Will we see you at salsa tomorrow?
I wish my boyfriend would come home.
returning to Austin?
found ya'll via .
Me n my daughter will NEVER forget 2008.
Please?
I can't believe a TV show just made me cry..
lol.
Passing out flyers for marissa and marina padilla case.
Ramona Braganza: Lose the Last 10 Pounds by Memorial Day Weekend
BOYFRIEND now please!
I can't keep Chips Ahoy in the house.
They call to me  night if I try...
it must of been you
Thank you so much!
The Wheels on the Bus : Sequencing, Rhyming, following directions, wh ?'s
Fresh from Brooklyn Castle, doc on some amazing jr highers, at 6:50 today in
Just finished watching the Princess..so how do you raise grateful, confident and empowered childoctorn who don't feel entitled?
do you think that dude realizes the green MM is a girl now?
Oh Henrik is better than Marty?
I'm sorry but who has the most victories in NHL history?
Oh yeah, Marty.
Brodeur
If he ends up on the Wizards they just need to throw a shit ton of money at Calipari and have him coach WallAD
ill bet your some hot chick pretending to be Kelly Kelly oh well.
it's still nice chatting with you though.
;
STORAGE WARS DC!
Saddeat funeral ever
what the fuuuuuuuuuuuck omg i'm speechless
u  me both startng w/ a new job !
They wrote me up ..
It's impossible to be at Balboa Park on a gorgeous day like this and NOT smile.
Have any IRENE SURVIVOR designer shirts?
Tweet us your link!
Obvious fact: There is no better marketing for a tech vendor than an enthusiastic customer that can articulate its value!
: just wrestled my 15 year old brother....I still got him!
Im tired then a mfer tho!
Don't do it with flaming bags of poop, that an get ugly and kind of ruins a fun prank.
Character is the governing element of life, and is above genius.
Frederick Saunders
Thanks 4 the RTs and mentions this week:
Hm so it's takes almost 90.00 of gas to full up my work truck, but oh well Im not paying for it!!!!!
I never want to compare UK teams.
Each one is unique  exciting.
what do U do normally?
Do U hv any work I can peek at?
hopefully doesnt haunt them to the extent of Cam Neely...
wow what a half for the Bobcats.hope they can keep it going in the 2nd.
A good objective of leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better.
Deputy said he hasn't seen a plow for about a hour now.
Wow chicago  spot thunderstorm and a rainbow in downtown Chicago
I Hate My Mom 
If you have integrity, nothing else matters.
If you don't have integrity, nothing else matters.
today is a great day...
I've to go to the mall to do some shopping
Losing you is like living in a world with no air
Getting 'in shape' for the new year, huh?
Allow us to answer your fitness questions in 'tweets'.
CG Philosophie
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
Gonna watch Brother Bear  eat MacCheese with my sister.
Finally unpacked and settled in
Hi Twitter friend.
Hope work is going well.
Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah to all!
I appreciate it, thanks.
It's all good.
Watching TEDxFSU at the Fermentation Lounge.
Dear loud ladies to the right of me, This is MY cafe car and it is for working.
Go discuss your butterfly tats in coach.
me me me me me me!
I see you favoriting my tweets .
Some movies are just hilarious.!!
Correction: FF places to go  things to do
Download the Live 365 app on your mobile phone, search and listen to prettyprogressive live this Friday w/ !
The weekend is upon us!
What are your plans?
GO FOLLOW AKA LIL MO,1 of the DOPEST .
U heard him on songs with
If you can't feed a hundoctord people, then feed just one.
Mother Teresa
I haven't been sick in a long time I knew it was coming to a theater near you smh 
Can it be about anything?
We're issuing a call 4 future BAEMP meetups!
Where would you like to have an evening gathering?
The , or elsewhere?
MT : Week 2 of spring starts at 7 AM in the weight room.
Coach Nagler and Coach Lynch pushing the boys hard!
When i set my sights on something...
UConn is out for redemption today
Direct TV on flight to San FranciscoI now know more about Kroy than I ever need to know in my life.
RT I had 3yrs of talking to myself.
Halfhour to shop and back was all.
If you want effect change on an issue you have to tell the story through new and traditional media.
don't know yet!
S/O to bc i ws really down earlier bt he came  cheered me up iLY
Blake is on FIRE!!!!
IPads, streaming internet, even cars and TV's!!!
200 years ago We'd be witches and warlocks!
whoa!
thats nice.
you better win prom queen!
I'll remember you guys in the future.
Already got rid of them for this weekend.
It's crazy.
new doctornk menu also coming....local craft beers, new wine list, cocktails!
Reading Ruskin, The greatest glory of a building is its age, and we must therefore build for perpetuity.
lmfaaao man i be trying but it's hard shit.
Thanks man!
Can't wait to come back!
RT MlandoEra happy birthday mister Howes, come back to south africa soon to doctornk castle.
Enjoy man
Just got done playing with my new baby chicks and riding my horse sugar I love ridin I feel so free up there on my horse
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook
I don't want to be socially acceptable.
Life is like a sewer...
what you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
Tom Lehrer
Confidence boost?
seek self discipline combined with a positive attitude.
So happy to hear news like this!
I am on the cover of 3 magazines and its all about my iNickelodeonShow  iNickelodeonShowSoundtrack!
umm duh aha:
Ok, my 1st real Tweet  Idk ?
I'm doing yet.
I want 2B inspired so I signedUp 2follow those who seem 2make a difference in the world!
JN
made another twitter account.
lost the password for my old one :
I love you,
I can't wait to see : I've missed her so much!!
I think is probably the closest we've gotten to a collective consciousness.
I know I didnt just hear my sisters boyfriend make a dirty comment to her ..
Presenting my new gis project to board on Monday.
I'm ready!
Of course I wake up at 6am on a Saturday an full of energy wanna go back 2sleep and can't but work day I can sleep forever!!
He forgot to list Also loves heroin.
followed :D
Ha!
Bacon flavored bear spray...
Philly outchea ballin!
Even Turner had two sick ass moves
tweet for
There will be a game changing announcement about M14Hoops Inc.
before the year is up...
Wow your so beautiful.
Oh those r contacts?
Thats ok...Oh you wear that muck makeup?
Its ok...Oh u doctorw those eyebrows on?
GO AWAY!
I agree, but Holmgren knows how to be successful, we'll have to see how this one plays out
Hmm ..
with nothing to do :/
Follow my friend and talented artist/designer/everythinger, !
Same here man.
The fam is great.
Hows the CD doing?
I got five on it.
On Wat?
Pizza nigga, wen we done wit this we gonna be hungry af!!!
When rain showers increase  sweep WWA Thurs afternoon, expect a period of blustery wind too.
Rehearsal is always fun!!!
The word of the day is Sexapalooza.
Use it in a sentence for a RT.
Ill go first.
Every night at Trapeze is a sexapalooza :
Type The Cabin in the Woods in Google and then click Map.
...Us NC people need to look out!!
Here we go...hang onto your underpants ladies!
or let's do dis!!
Beers, Happy Hour, and Rapids at Gibby's tonight...come on down!
COYRapids 3 points!
Autocad brings much hatred into this world.
For educators organizing Hol.
Remembrance events, we have commemorative posters in 4 languages.
Contact us for more info.
We have to take back our power, not willor aggressive power.
Our LovePower.
The ability to accept who we are and love ourselves for it!
Lumpy says row in return.
Anyone want to play GTA?
:
Yeah there's football on.
Yes I'm watching it.
Politicians are interested in people.
Not that it's a virtue.
Fleas are interested in dogs.
white rhino on deck .!!
4/20
indeed.
let's hope that whatever transpires, ktru will abide...
WHITE PEOPLE ARE FUCKED UP
Sorry everyone for the bizarre posts.
looks like my acct has been hacked.
We used to have wait by the TV and watch TRL in hopes they'd come on..
and that they'd show the whole thing.
Happy Mike Rowe Day everyone!
: lt;Sault Ste.
Marie, Soo Locks on tonight, Discovery Channel, 9 p.m.
Bless your hearts, all of you.
Hang in there, Melissa.
Editing going well.
Think I may be getting sick.
Such is life.
RT if you love Harry Styles, i will follow you :
: Curcumin is one of the most potent tumorinhibiting foods.
We have ground turmeric in bulk, great cooking spice!
Whitney Houston 'one moment in time' remember singing this in the middle school chorus.
Can't believe she's really gone.
So sad.
Yes a really bad interview may hurt you.
But having a bad interview is as crazy as wearing jeans to your interview.
Coming up at 6 pm on NBC 6: Chilling surveillance video of restaurant worker held up at gunpoint at 6pm
dm us your addoctorss and the device you would like a protector for
Thank you so much!
3
Thanks Sheila!
kendall jenner is so fucking hot.
Just yelled If you love the you will vote for !
out the window and it worked!
Except for Bob..
He's a Philly fan..
A Perfect Sunday would be spending it with YOU !!!
Hoping yours was PERFECT :
yeah in advisory :
I'm sure tonight will suck just about as bad as lastnight..
If not worse.
Okay.
RT Follow us on Twitter
AHAHAHA SEIU/ACORN thugs are forcing me to brush my teeth!
Palin  Beck were right about healthcare!
Get govt' out of my dental hygiene!
Probably my favorite part of OKCquake was that at first both and I thought it was fucking with us.
Charles Anthony's Old Skool doctorve  5 is the bomb.
Some of the best mixes ever.
MonThur 92.9 B'ham!
everyone must be very engrossed in the sessions :
TGIF!
Need a good book for the weekend?
Go indie:
what about st elmos fire on of the best 80s movies ever
The smell of REAL smells so GOD!
Starting tour at stranahans.
No better way to spend a cold day
I miss it's been too long.
75 of revenues comes from existing customers
I agree!
MI 4 in.
imax tomorrow.
Just watched Bad Girls Club: Las Vegas.
Maybe we should rethink the 19th Amendment.
So creatively doctorined right now, cant wait to ship this new website.
What are some good ways to get the creative juices flowing again?
Thank you for attending the SEO webinar!
Let us know what you thought!
How can we improve your learning experience?
Not a customer, but new online/phone bill fee encourages paper billing which is terrible for the environment!
Wow, a hit from Ham in a day game.
A base hit, I mean, not a crack hit.
How to See If Your Home Insurance Will Pay for a New Roof
No more wire hangers!
Yes Mommy Dearest!
I have identified your critical error here MT : Sometimes, I read MTGSalvation
Knicks will evaluate Lin further later this week: MIAMI
Great news!
Were only 5,000 away from completing our 1st phase of our new Orphanage in West Africa.
Support our Creating Hope Campaign.
Im in class and i need a pen where you at?!
Sierra Club endorses Hirono, Hanabusa, Gabbard in federal races  Hawaii News Now
Happy Easter to all Moxie friends and family!
Good idea.
I have a series of three that will be finished soon.
Then hit the promo.
Y'all really don't understand what im bout to do to the media...OOOEEE payout musik is gonna change the world
Did you know WVIZ has an audio show were guys read the PD to you?
Wizard of Id's even better w some dude just telling you about the pictures
Hovering around 4.00 and you say ONLY, frightening.
Reading all about bird flu research for three days can make a person loopy.
I need some light reading STAT.
The Repentant Magdalene.
Third in a series of exercise writing pieces based on, then removed from, a single artwork.
bit.ly/ovdSNh
: Game night GO BIG BLUE bnn .
Go Big Blue!!!!!
Good morning.
Welcome to our jewelry store today.
Bright and sunny this 18th day of October.
Hope you are doing well :
We'll have telescopes set up on the levee behind the planetarium from 89:30 tonight.
Check out Venus, Saturn, Mars, and more!
The label on Fairway's hummus uses the word 'transliteration'.
I love Fairway.
10  Rising Star:  Please follow Al's organizing efforts in California.
no!
He's pretty!
can't wait!
Thanks for the follow Love the blog!
// Liked your article on Thought maybe could've been on there, but loved that you put Cowboy Bebop!
Ridiculous lines to get Concords.
Glad I already got mine.
Officer shot in neck area point blank by accused doctornken gunmen at walmart near i35 and parmer.
incredibly tragic.
lol no.
I live with my boyfriend of just over a year.
What about you?
'where did he put the lemon?' Ahahahahha !!!
been hiding in Cali I'm on spring break rite now
In case you were keeping tabs, I think is back in action.
In the club goin hard niggas kno I got them racks in the kitchen whippen hard niggas kno I got that sack
product rising
cheer up chica : :
Only have to endure the liquid sunshine for one more day then CALIFORNIA!!!
Find Real Estate Fast with New Investment Property Website
And frankly my dear i dont give a damn
Blake griffin is the best dunker ..
Got pau gasol twice
U'd think that but NO!!!
I just think I am more right than!
but I will try anyway!
:
Life is too short to waste a single second with someone who doesn't value you.
damn w/o me??
A beautiful woman will look gorgeous in the plainest of outfits.
well you've been very disrespectful of them for two years even as they've owned AM.
Thanks for admitting some truth now.
RT : quot;: Rockies came into today's game tied 9th in MLB in onbase percentage as a team with bases loaded.quot;  ...
stoked to see my family this weekend and play with Spencer York and Paul Davidson.
iunno i feel like i annoy you :/
I take exception with Cuban's point that tenured professorssors are a legacy cost, though.
professor don't get paid that much...
at all.
Good luck on your audition!
We miss you back here in Seattle.
Your biggest fan turns 20 today!
I saw you yesterday
As always, Tonight I'm proud to be a Herling!
The Jazz should be fuckin ashamed of themselves..they shoulda let pheonix take the 8th seed Sucka MCs
you should get an otter box for your iphone there like the best case for the iphone
New NFL rules seem to hit the mark even with extra play stoppage.
Wow one GIANT step forward towards personalized medicine!
Decker and Knight named CCM Division I Womens Hockey AllAmericans and Carolyne Prvost was named a recipient of the NCAAs Elite 89 award.
I hate wen people unfollow u.
Its stupid
what happened?
I suddenly really want a LotR marathon.
Tumblr is going crazy!
What did BTR do that was so bad?!
I can now continue on in life because I've achieved this accomplishment!!
Oh, what's passerole?
wont be there until 3

I bet Tim Burton has the BE FRI and Johnny Depp has the ST ENDS part of the necklace.
Heading to Lambeau!
Gitbox helps but git still has too many concepts to learn
When I write about writing my dissertation, my dissertation changes.
Well, better to change it now than halfway through.
MAHOMIES are the best!!
Greatest fans ever !!
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE
Do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about its own things.
Matthew 6:34
noticed it too..
Weird!
: Why does amcfearfest go from the original Halloween to Halloween 3?
Where's 2 yo?!
A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions.
Marcus Aurelius
Check out my new professorle Piper is pleased
Getting the word out to 500k monthly!
LAST Senate/Budget meeting today!
SPECIAL Guest Speaker to give parting words.
Great meeting.
Be there.
4:30 in Shiley 301.
I thought it was frequent flyer .thanks Bob
your dad is so GRAND!3
jealous!!!
hope you're having a blast.
enjoy :
What if the whole world followed me
A guy always walks past our apartment around this time, singing.
To all of you who think north koreans are mourning..get the fuck out from under the rock in which you live.
They are scared and hated him.
The Wanted  Chasing The Sun: via
Thank you for recent mentions RTs and notes!
it does not mean it is a sign toward equality of men and women.
SignsThatSheISCheating she starts shaving her legs and clipping her toenails again
um idk I work to much but I will try soon!!!
Happy Mothers Day To All The Mothers Out There, And To My Mommy
Windows Admins are needed for rapidly growing company in Madison, WI!
Great envrionment, tech training investment,  people!
30 minutes left of 80s Thursday!
Any last minute song requests?
why would you do that
MN Supreme Court  Minnesota Litigator
loves you!
Web geek stuff?
Zack thanks for the mention!
: If you are interested in background checks or Internet security check out
you can't be onstage  53 with 20 something year old kids.
Try  : RT : I need business cards.
Can someone give me a good spot to get business cards.
My very first tweet lol !
Last Night Was One Of Them Crazy Fun Nights Lbs.....
come Monday, Chisek should be their closer.Heath Bell just ain't thinking about baseball,it seems.
Hey, you followed me...
youre so sweet3 whats my name?:
Will do.
It's gonna be horrible and make me realize how out of shape I am.
Today is not my favorite.
Go confidently in the direction of your doctorams, Live the life you've imagined.
Henry David Thoreau
Its been over two weeks since I've flown.
It feels a little weird to be on a plane.
Going through my tl thinking whats the point of talking about someone behind their back?
What do you accomplish?
crushin but I know now after reading it again I just made myself sound stupid
I'm not a huge fan, I'm just going for the tailgating duh
wow.
Steamy HOT!
They're still spacing people 
if that's what you call flirting , you need some practice seriously though !
your saying i had a classy post right because thats how it was intended.
I'm sure hes feeling the hate.
I saw the uf post
EJ Josie desegregated the state associations in the 1960s.
Marvin Skilkin did a hearing on price fixing for public library books.
Ivan, today's show is nice inspite of translator.
Fashion observer is awesome!
I love this guy!
Ivan, LA with you!
Bahaha RT : Let's get bikes!
Crump's talking about pervasive cell site tracking.
Believe it or not, in Jones's own retrial, the cops had 5 months cell site data
Oh.
Oops.
I already said Happy Thanksgiving once.
I guess I'm just really excited for this holiday
just entered for every city o k
Teaching eric yanish how to make popcorn on his first day at the zoo!
It's tough, you just hav 2 take it day 2 day.They hav alot of support  they hav 2 angels looking over them,just like ur friend
I voted for you today and bought your jersey at LSP last week!
All women are princesses, it is our right.
A little Princess
I predict Shanahan will take away Torres' Hot Wheels for a day, but no suspension.
Still laughing at Madbum's response when asked what he was gonna do with his 35M, uh, buy more cows
Lisa Marie Platske's status: Sometimes the most important aspect of leading is listening!
S.
Alexander
The print edition of DDC23 arrived!
Looks like I'll be spending the rest of the day transcribing marginalia from DDC22.
It's a bad day to be a Seattle Seahawks fan.
If you're offended in church by something you would do or partake in in your every day life, you are a hypocrite.
the correct question would be How bad did that hurt?.
People are just idiotic.
Leading the countdown to believe waiting eagerly so excited, te amoooo followme
Super league game and then chit chatting with
Having fun choreographing a Flash Mob!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY MONTH
Thank you Kay Kay!!
Stay close to God, love Jesus no matter what other people say or try to get you to doThey lost trying to find they way too.
damn I love water....
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
I am at work today...
came in on my day off :
A charity box is stolen from a Malden store
what's happening tonight with mom2summit ?
I will be there later.
no, no ...
that's not it.
it's just that milwaukee's so interconnected.
loads of people i've met through twitter.
I'm not depressed I'm just mad nervous and sad at the same time some fucked up shit
Hi Tommy!
Thanks for the follow!
I took your advice and am setting up my LinkedIn professorle.
Now the real tour begins
Kelly Johnson hits BOMBS
Working on our Save Our Schools series today.
Yes, please!
Also thinking back on all my first day of school outfits and how bad some of them were
Goodmorning to you too :
hi can you do me a favor real fast?:
Never been this unplugged from work and regular life.
Of course only now day 3 of vacation.
Haha.
I'm cutting all my hair off !
I absolutely loathe
Lunchtime!
Who's heading to The Lube today for a nice Friday lunch?
I want some cupcakes 
If you are not following us on Facebook, please do.
We are having a contest for the closet score to the Superbowl.
Winner gets a free ride
On Feb 13th join Salon Denver for the I Heart Benefit for TCC, 6  8 pm, silent auction sponsored by Platte St and LoHi businesses!
God's Word does not compromise.
He operates in holiness and truth.
Merry Christmas to you sir!
I'm gonna have to stop by Antoine's one of these days and see the old crew
Three of the funniest ladies in New York have convinced me to watch and love Downton Abbey.
Last week parent ed.
advocates in WA engaged using twitter petition to fight for package of ed.
reform billsthey passed!
S.M.Democracy 2.0
I'm not understanding wtf it took so long to release medical reports....this case continues to blow me...
Enter his gates with thanksgiving and his courts with praise; give thanks to him and praise his name.
Psalm 100:4
that would be awesome!
I wonder how people that follow thousands on twitter manage to read any tweets!
Let's strive for quality over quantity.
That's part of the intrigue.
I don't know.
My student Tommy gives me song suggestions on Tshaped postits.
Today: Of Monsters  Men, Little Talks.
It's the nicest thing!
Clearly not...
the day's ticking on.
Running a marathon is like slapping the guy in the face that invented the wheel
great exchange going on between and about wikileaks that highlights the intellectual and political divide in U.S.
madonna didn't do horrible but it could've been better
Brett Favre started game yesterday despite being sick
def have leftovers from Nville, but this is strange.
Like, two naps in a day and I can't get anything done type tiredness.
Rams roll to 51, 20 in Conference.
Huge game in Shreveport Saturday night against my good friend Chad McDowell and LSUS.
10 vs
Just wanted to say a quick Hello to everyone at the Nebraska Asphalt Paving Conference in Kearney!
hey, very glad to hear it.
Thanks!
RT Wish mine did too!
: My whole house smells of bacon!
lol nigga you a trip though
Go Rickie Fowler 
You should never play chutes and ladders with any old person because you will lose miserably.
Step 6 Evaluate options: Ensure KPIs include longterm success metrics.
Hold brand to high level of ongoing goal clarity
Omfg Dan Patrick can't sing!
In other exciting news  Sat noon til 3, I'm playing the Leaf and bean, Strip District.
It's a wicked little place.
Yinz get yo butts down.
but i still love pretty ricky..im still in love with sexy spec
Thank you.
I don't know why I hate Jim Nantz so much.
But I really do.
As it turns out, am sitting next to PR person from NC's Transylvania County at Poste.
Discussing what's in a name.
Awesome!
I do hope it sticks around.
Please may i say; or let someone ruin it for you; 1 dumb act NOW on impulse can ruin many things for a long time yet to arrive.
Get stabby.
Literally.
no!!
i want my 21back xD
Stupid nook color!
How dare u be full and unable to download my food network mag.
just watched ur cover of asking all the questions...my stomach hurts from laughing so much...btw u got sum sexy lips;
I need a massage :
Thx for the tip.
Unfortunately, I'm also Dairy Free.
DF yogurts are all rather alternative.
Not found a DF cottage cheese.
:
Thank you!
Sometimes it surprises me.
I'll feel something on my arms and think it's a spider or bug.
Nope, part of me!
hmm.
I don't know anything about Tanzmann...
Who else is playing from Refune?
yea bitch
Q;rate...would yyu fwm...nd can wwe txt A; 8 Yeaa I Would  Yes We Can Text .
I guess there is some convention till tomorrow.
it's called being sarcastic
love you to.
yeah if I don't go home that weekend!
Loes Wormmeester gives the kidscreen Pitch It session a strong defense of letting kids do things for themselves.
Full Proof
Fashionable Fridays are always a favorite headed to sissy's for dinner how perfect is southern food and a name like that for a gay boy!
Totally over this rain everyday thing...
G'Night all, and God bless.
We opened New Headache  Pain Management Massage Clinic in Monroe.
Control your own destiny or someone else will.
Jack Welch
Eww...yucky.
Hope you get to feeling better soon, migraines are the pits : Take care...
Man oh man it's getting chilly outside
For all you Paraskevidekatriaphobics, Everything is going well today, so far...
Hope I didn't jinx myself.
Tonight at 9: 's exclusive TV interview w/ the girlfriend of Darrin Hanna, man allegedly beaten to death by NorthChicago cops.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so CALL ME MAYBE.
Good segment on regarding copyright infringements on
Trade Shows are back in full effect!
Be sure to keep following SolisEnergy and see where we will be exhibiting or attending!
See You There!
ALL MY ARTIST THAT use twitter  facebook.
hit us up 2 get a free professorle on HOUSTONNIGHTOUT.com.
info w/ name, ,  email
My Face Card A1
Secondly, you can't be from 2 places at once..
Don't claim to be from San Fran and NYC poser...
Be from one place and deal with it.
Good blog
can't express how much I love your son and how he will be such a star when he's older!
Changed our App Name to Credit Card Reader.
Find us here itms://itunes.apple.com/us/app/creditcardoctorader/id320530785?mt8
Bon Iver's new album is proper good.
Even uses a lot of 80's noises I would consider aggravating otherwise.
Thanks!
The caramel was a little tricky to work with, but I think they turned out OK!
we go be here in 4 years
what's wrong?!
D:
Following my favorite people on keek3
My lips are the gun.
My smile is the trigger.
My kisses are the bullets.
Label me a killer.
you do know about the theme right?
pick a year that's multiple of 25 and doctorss like it.
like 1700 British.
cc
can have my babies be is so fine 
aw shucks
Things can be similar,but not the same.
How was everyone's first day back?
Your career doctorams get closer with every small step you take.
Are you walking towards them?
Circuit out, 2500 customers affected according to DVP website.
Omfg.
So many Redskins jerseys on the metro.
I know they just lost, and I wanna yell Giants Rule!
Giants, great job signing Matt Cain to the biggest deal ever for a RHP.
Now you have 2 mediocre pitchers eating up your 
Another nice day being spent with both of us learning about our respective industry  making weekend plans!
I cant control my anger or temper.
Brittany lies to me.
haha omg that's right  that's you guys!
I haven't even seen it yet!
Can't find it online
Get it gurrrllll LOL RT : sweet!
Hey , wanna buy me some new jeans for you to stare at?
Sorry to miss you ladies.
I am not gonna make it
I'm the only Spanish/ not white person in this bitch lmao
Omg, he's performing?!
Happy New Year!!
Sherlock series 2 really needs a guest appearance by Billy Childish
ArtsTech panelists holding it together, not appearing weird and awkward.
you can exhale now.
Thanks for the follows everyone!
and
Does she even like me?
No, I don't like you..
I freakin' love you..
im missing my too
Happy St.
Patrick's Day to you!
watch out for the douchey 19 year old with the eyeliner
cleaning the house with my music blaring:'
Just remember, there's no evidence that Seau's suicide has anything to do with head trauma.
Certainly a possibility, but no proof.
My 5900th tweet goes to c: Cuz we had a cool ass convo using doctorke songs the other day !
I'm a one hit wonder ;D
The girl in front of me smells like ass and cigarettes
only if u could have seen my face last nite...shitty lol get it
JUSTIN i love you re in my hero:
Want Great Italian food tonight?
Call to reserve a table.
2250000
thanks appreciate the support!
Downloads are free on datpiff goo.gl/G01At
Its snowing here in NM.
I am so ready for summer time.
Baby money I got cha baby money kidnap yo lady get that how much u love yo lady money
At school:/
Getting her hair wet when she just got a perm is
It kills me.
How are these people in Walking Dead still so incompetent in dealing with zombies?
It's season two and you still have no tactical planning?
New Picture !!!
More SOON!
most Admins are interested in data so if the teacher can use tech to genr8 data thru assessments that would be a plus
Waiting in line with to get in the timbers game, it would start raining!
And UWWhitewater!
: Yes!
Congrats to all my Wisconsin teams.
Wisconsin, Marquette, UWGB.
The point is, Fielder dealt with anger issues too, and it didn't stop him from being an elite talent.
Lawrie just has to learn same
Going to miss most of Game 7.
Cool.
me too!
!
I still love yo mean ass
what's up w/asking to invite friends via FB  then not having a functioning feature??
WhyBother ?
Carnival day at CampMohawk!
I think sleeplessness is sometimes just a matter of excitement for life.
Well, it also makes one more open to a lawsuit, whether or not they did anything wrong.
Get a life dipshit.
Fucking assholes like you are destroying America.
Please kill yourself.
Help beautify the planet.
How do you view Pres.
announcement about gay marriage  the timing of Romney high school bully story...
I habe bunch of updates for u
Jillian's in Seattle
Now I can stop holding my breath  Falcons into the bye week at 5 wins and 2 losses  atop the NFC
awh your talking about the car that logo with the doctorgon eating the guy is used alot in the UK in british governments
You like Forks, and dislike spoons.
.
.
What are your views on Sporks.
eating my chicken noodle soup with a fork.
look what you do to me.
Alright, I think 4 bugs smashed is a good number for today.
This release will be done eventually if I have to doctorg it in by its hair.
Now ....
V ....
Lmao don't get me Blushin on this damn thing!!
..
Thank U so much ...
Glad 2 see back on your Hop!!!
Bless Up
I hope it wasn't a Samsquanch
ahaha, Joyanna told me you're doing advanced?
We are too :D
Some nights you just need to look up at the stars with a close friend standing next to you and realize what really matters...
Turning in earlier than usual tonight.
of will you sing me a lullaby?
Zach can has Twitter friends.
Or followers.
Or whatever they're called.
One of my poems is being published!!
Check out the new pictures from Homecoming and Campaign Launch weekend!
I thought about our initial conversation in the newsroom, during the interview at IKEA.
Lol ;
Dami Moore was the celebrity of the day that got to hear my performance.
She looks fantastic without make up!
What a natural beauty!!!
the 2nd ssn still needs more action hasn't been much battles, but plenty of tyrion, or however u spell his name, if that his name
Preparing for my first ALA Conference  so excited!
Ginger Binge tonight at 8 pm.
I'll be w/ two other acts, Jeffrey Martin and Mercedes Martinez.
See you there!
ugh this Grey's Anatomy is almost too disturbing to watch
starts w 10mm from govbig depositors protectedOtherBks 50 cents on dollarstealing at both ends
it's expensive, try to make it as light as possible, I've only used USPS, not sure if that's more or less expensive than FX/UPS
Anatomy exam tomorrow D: I feel a little bit ready for it :s
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm feeling this.
Yes, every Thursday 5pm  8pm RT : Thanks.
Are you still doing loco4locals on Thursday?
It's a beautiful day to vote!
Lines moving quickly!
On fire, coach!
: Focus on Positive  catch ur Players doing things rightFeed the Positive Dog  Fuel ur Team with Energy!
Hit the Lights!
Let the music move you...
RT : Thanks for help us to improve our healthcare!
That's what it's all about  no?
Be well...
Latest Issue in Massachusetts Senate Race: Elizabeth Warrens Native American Roots
00042 Thu 12jan12 .
Clock in 2253p .
No broadcast  building panel for reinstatement of di Suvero's Artists' Tower of Protest
on the Warren Haynes Band: Live At The Moody Theater.
Glad you're listening and enjoying.
Graduation is in exactly four weeks!
I want the Royals to win today just so we can get swept up in a wave of Bruce Chensanity.
hockey gear
How many people called in sick today with a case of Soxschokeditous?
The harmonies in fa la la r just amazing
Home alone
As A People tonight  Retox Lounge in SF!!!
www.asapeople.com
Make a change from the inside out!
There is no day like today!
So if they suspect one school of tampering, is it OK to keep that team on the banned list?
2 grilled chicken breasts..steamed asparagus and broccolli over brown rice and tabasco..:
right, because sharks and hurricanes don't come close to the urgency of a fallen toothbrush holder
We can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals..Go Vegan..It is the way to be!!
Mets are 20 so far.
Even fans of the best baseball teams will be sad at least 60 times a season.
Probably more for me, but hope not.
if they had a black version.
can we just keep retweeting to give more Thanksgiving meals to those who need food this holiday season?
Rt Justin loves to suck dick thts wht a selenator said really cuz ur idol can't stop sucking his so sit Ur so funny
He played well in the state tournament.
Congrats
Talked to Mommy.
3
Oh man, starting to think Lindsay might go home for front of house.
Yes we do.
So sad.
RT : Dick Wilson, We miss you already.
JeffersonBank will never be the same.
We'll always remember your...
Just overheard flight attendant say that we might not have inflight entertainment working on NYCSFO odyssey.
Ugh.
saturday school, katy snyder comes home!, work .
no rest on saturdays.
When the right person comes along I won't let them slip away, no matter the cost
Popup up bake shop today.
At Manhattan Theatre Source, 177 MacDougal St.
from 4:309:30 with free brownie samples.
Not joking.
is sexy
Can't wait for to talk about Travolta's massages tonight on
John Huntsman is out?
Sad face.
Sanity really doesn't stand a chance in Republican politics...
Per George Orwell, In times of universal deceit, telling the truth will be a revolutionary act.
Is honesty dead?
I'm having it right now!
Lol :
I can't wait to be famous.
So many things I want to do.
you let me know when and where and i'll b up in there!
hey u working tonight?
howed you know :O
We love you.
RT : A shoutout  nice msg from the prez today, that's UAW love!!
dming my twitter husband : bored
Actually it was live channel 5..
Hi Abe, thanks for connecting.
I see you have some interest in the ;
I know!
We are super excited about having Bobbindoctrin's Joel Orr on our stage for Endgame!
Merry Christmas from all of us at Denver Browns Baseball!
We are grateful for each and everyone of you Gino Grasso
igot my girl, im good.
and so is she.
Moms not feeling well today
isn't it awesome?!
ISTE11.
I thought it was strange that Apple was not in the exhibit hall especially with the iPad presence that was apparent this year,
Hey everyone check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have all your favorite toys at the lowest prices!
hahaha well I'm not gonna talk with my mouth full of meatball
Compiling a list of the best CourtReporter web resources for one of our TechCon speakers.
What's your favorite?
going to see the phillies play the nationals on the 22nd 3 so hype
Google doctorve?
Who cares?
online dating is not working for me.
Jewish girls not responding or not interested or overwhelmed with choices.
What do i do?
Carter had old school three point play tonight.
Is that play dying breed because kids can't shoot fts or everyone is shooting threes?
I feel like crap :
Never say you broke into a homeless mans house.
What a weekend so far.
All that's left to do is get kicked in the nuts.
im thinking that i should just dye my hair pink today
Kind of you to follow, Joe and Charley.
I hope I prove worthy.
and killer riding in turtlenecks and flippityflops
ReasonsThatImSingle he hasn't asked me out yet.
3
Relationships are overrated ..
They have no meaning anymore ..
They dont last WhatsThePoint 
don't file and clam Diplomatic Immunity!
do we have to send u a buck if we steal that joke?
Tweeps, does anyone know about any digital history projects on agriculture?
Opened SHORT USDCAD  1.02081; 3 of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18 SHORT
HAND THEM OUT TO THE HOMELESS,,
Believe that some boundaries are meant to be crossed
Does like the hats tht look like animals and r fuzzy???
I struggle with not wanting to be a hipster and wanting to buy a typwriter.
Stop and stare I think im moving but I go no where
Omgahhhhh iTunes won't let me hear BOYFRIEND by !!!!
Why me??!?
;
you failed to mention that you gave up Matt Stafford too
Nobody acts like me honey LMAO .
: this black dude on glee kinda act like u
Thanks for the RT Anthony!
you should include 'Born To Be Wild.' it's definitely the  1 roadtrip song!!
Good Night
From a dev perspective a millions times yes.
However it is not a pick up and blog platform like Wordpress.
lol do you have some.?
Poster 1 will be posted this weekend!
are you leaving accounting?!
what cha up to x
kicks ass!
Love the second album!
One of the best produced/sounding albums I've heard!
Real Rock N' Roll!!!
Let's go Reds!
Beat the
What brings you to Scottsdale?
Let us know if you need any suggestions or tips for fun things to do!
can u meet in the afternoon?
12pm or 1pm??
Great meeting at RUMC on Saturday...thanks Jay!
RT : Today in Jewish Sports History: 2005 Bruce Pearl named head basketball coach at
Party of the hook at hardoctorck vegas, they know how to throw a party.
Woo!
Credit the goal to Simon Denis  his first career goal for the Bulldogs.
It's one of those days where dinner doesn't happen.
Too busy for eating.
Lol!
when they say Latinos do you think they meant Ninja Turtles?
Are the Ninja Turtles Latino??
Lax camp this evening, but not before I absolutely fail at teaching my brother how to cook
it's small...but it's something 
Any teachers have good or bad experiences with KhanAcademy??
Having JuJuan Johnson is a big deal for Boston.
got one, like it, loved it at first.
Nice little piece of hardware that they're gonna keep updating
A friend is someone who knows all about you, and loves you just the same...even if you're on IsAnyoneUp.
This is a fact brother!
BBC running scared as they ban Sacha Baron Cohen to be ...
Thanks for giving us a try!
Would love to hear what you think about Takeout  Delivery :
Welcome to Single Stop USA's Twitter !
send them to Wisconsin when you're done.,,
I hate realizing at 11:30 p.m., as I'm up late working on a story, a slew of questions that I wish I would have asked.
Not a fun feeling.
Thx for the shout out.
A great group, indeed.
good job !!
You that 1 of the population that serves our country !
sschat there are some great YA books about LGBT issues...ck out authors Francesca Lia Block, Jacqueline Woodson
Does The 'Bandwidth Hog' is a Myth also apply to the wireless side?
: my thoughts exactly!
Can't wait!
:
60 days until Kentucky Derby 137...
Rain stay away this year, it waters down my bourbon.
I'm attending NCCAIIM and NOVA ARMA Chapters Annual June Social  Baseball Game at Nationals Stadium!
Who else is attending?
BELOW THE BRIM is about to get its first motorcycle...
still looking to see what move I will make...
house Donut House Collection Light Roast Coffee 24Count KCups
I honestly don't know..
once i saw and what he does, i got a lot of work to do to get there but its TNDO from now on.
wear your dingos 3s and some dingo shorts
I oppose New York City's planned memorial to Christopher Columbus on religious grounds.
: Thats awesome thanks and wow i feel like a twitter noob haha
Amazing band led by Justin Vernon who accepted the Grammy
State testing done for the year, wish we had results before August!
I see that will be there.
Me too.
I'm a judge at First cocktail  bitters competition.
today 5:30.
Do you have videos on youtube singing?
Putting my 1D posters up: now my walls are full of my boys3
I hope Bron wins MVP for 11 years in a row w/ zero championships :
Happy 420.
First one im not celebrating in the last 5 years.
73 days clean and never been happier.
RT On my way to DC with Michael to see tonight!
And The Road to Vegas begins!
Lol
Kudos Zeta Upsilon chapter winner of the Outstanding Community Service Initiative!
Please check out my new Chicagobased app, , that gives you 5 cash back and donates 5 to charity on every purchase!
I'm Home ...
I'm Home!
!!!
Its nice not to have to wear a jacket every time you go outside.
.
ipad u pad we all mad 4 ipad  which tweetpeeps r getting one 2morrow?
Oreos are the worst things to eat if you want to smile within a half hour of devouring
Getting reactions to 3minute rule from participants.
Most agree
A belated thankyou for your congratulatory message!
Glad it's over!
:
teamfollowback i follow back
Everyone has embarrassing baby pictures.
Posting them on FB is cute now but you won't be able to tell the kid that 15 years from now.
Lol.
Portland Personal Trainer Kisar Dhillon Offers Fat Blasting Exercise Tips To A Six Pack
NYU According To Urban Dictionary  NYU Local
He wants Nick to doctorwn in a flood now
lol stop by Smith!
no idea
great to connect with you here.
I look forward to you updates.
the next da vinci is going to give up on being creative because he cant put his idea for a steampunk RPG about child rape on kickstarter
The reason that ego and love are not compatible comes down to this: you cannot take your ego into the unknown, where love wants to lead.
Meat meatloaf, mashed potatoes and gravy, and corn.
Hello fall cooking!
Yum!
this was actually in Anaheim
Being Republican used to mean finding solutions for the American people that worked for everyone....
I need a smoke lol
Anybody out there an avid reader of Frost or Cummings?
Me: Whoah, the landing page changed!
: That was so three hours ago.
measure dataGEEKS  Only
good night twitter
This year's quizzo bowl would be a lot better if it stole the ending from Inglorious Basterds
all of our quizes and tests are open book
nothing wrong with that.
disable your auto rotate : save a ton of battery!!
Noemis sleeping over :p
POLL: Should The Red Sox Cut Ties With Josh Beckett?
Libra Baby
You don't have to be perfect for God to love you you just have to be willing to accept it
Hey we have another member in our screamo band She already started writing our new song Ugh
GIVE YOUR BODY THE COMPLETE NUTRITION IT NEEDS WITHOUT GASTRIC UPSET WITH OUR IV VITAMIN INFUSION
Alex girlfriend ...
How come every time they cut to a coach he's smelling his fingers?
probably going to get one.
Do you get juice for referral?
Religion in Reference Universe: The Literature of Islam: A Guide to Primary Sources in English Translation from Scarecrow Press
Happy Lost day!
Even grouchy Punx Phil can't spoil my excitement.
Caught a couple of your bits tonight.
Nice work!
Show on Sunday at red7 o Billy!!!
lol the plan is to spend summer 2013 in Spain.
:
We got The Megatome  we are the smartest.
Feel so blessed to be in Long Beach on this gorgeous morning for the MegaIIN conference!
It's cold in Chicago!
I'm doing well.
In Miami.
How are things in MI?
How long did it take to find out about Carrier IQ?
I did, he look adorable!
But he always does.
I mean Fox, not Logan...but Logan's cute too.
IM GOING THERE..
WHAT TIME YOU GONNA BE THERE?
I HAVE A DEMO FOR YOU TOO
Hockey night with some gangsters
I love God!!!
Happy birthday to me showchoirproblems 
Sorry  I got Doug and Chris mixed up..lol
doctorms and rhythm guitars are in the bag.
Leads and bass today then back to Pixburgh until next weekend!
RT : Spooky crafts, games, hayrides and the haunted conservatory are at Garfield Park Oct 27  28, 79pm.
Costumes welcome.
I knew Mercedes would bring it home!
Forget Happy Hour, its Gourmet Hour now
You're welcome!
33
Assassination jokes sure are funny
On plane headed back to denver for game 6 of the
I'm interested
I know u missed me Tony.
Jk I was just around here..
You know where to find me?
Lol
Hell Yeah!!
Go Packers!!!!!!
Long list of things to do today.
First gotta hit the gym!
That's not on the list but contagent and the descendants are.
Maybe next time
Whathurtsthemost im with a man who I love dearly..
but im still in love with my ex.
They were cara cara oranges.
I just bought another bag.
Delish!
BOOK DONNA LYNNE!!!!
www.donnalynne.com
Elliot is so gay hahaaha.
He is posting really retarded stuff on facebook LOL
All I see on FB is girls posting up videos of themselves fighting  people commenting telling them they have hands when they only pull hair.
Hey Hun!
How'd the APUFRINGE go?
You heathen ;
Heck yeah I'll be there!
sextalk RT : Let's Talk About Sex!
February 15th.
6:30PM.
International Center...be there or be square!
i haven't seen it.
but it sounds CUTE!!!!
yes...look for sonatoid to appear frequently in as many reviews as possible ;
Really hard sitting and watching my 2 favorite teams play each other but that's what you get when you loyalties are divided.
6 or 7 games.
Ill be sending u some pics today for the mag..is that cool?
Pat Summitt, no doubt smsportschat Also, Brittney Griner and that LARGE right hook
Not sure Robert.
Based on your medals possibly Airframe tech Germany 198185 or Cyprus 1976.
If I had Little Miss Siri I would talk in a whisper to her today: Siri, what are my options for content?
Siri, does the future look bright?
swagg!!!!
Squat beats
When the written word dies, we will perish right alongside it.
Staying after school tomorrow cause I'm gonna dissect an eye and an eel.
Sounds crazy outside!
cool wway to quick texting me :
Big thanks to our producer B  he's making this album sound fantastic with his effort  wizardoctor!
Another amazing session!
Rain delay at Petco.
Put some more motion in it
thingsigetalot hey your tall how old are you geez thanks but do you have to point it out??
m i bet that is good.
what's in it?
cuase it fell like it, when i saw u goign to the store u look like u hate me
I trust...
I'm not the only one who's decided to watch secon season of the kelling
I don't know how much he played or how long he stayed.
He was very good though
sent ya one back!
we're excited
have you seen the magic show at universal?
Hi Rod, I'd like to get in touch with you about a reporting grant.
Could you DM or email me?
Melody W.
good luck this year major.
GO BEARS DEF!
3ScreenMin it's clear that people who study users will continue to be in large demand.
This is all about understanding the user/engagement
It's totes bedtime an tomorrow is my last day in Paris:
Hi Steven, thanks for following me.
Where in Canada are you?
Just suffered a hiccupburp in front of That was disgusting, she said.
We could look for someone who'd like to fly you here  treat you to a romantic getaway...
not sure how this might turn out!
It's my pleasure to spread awareness so women can be armed when going to their GYN checkups.
yeah we are all face the troof but we have diversity I'm Oreos, you nuggets, frosties
We're announcing the lineup at 10 a.m.
on the blog!
You're going to want to head to Darrington this August.
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Dir in a Resident Play goes to Aaron Posner for CYRANO,
Cool perspectives on social media  TC at attw11  and effective tummeling tweets that facilitate relationships
Happy Saturday everyone!
Hope it's a wonderful day for all!
new ideas are overrated!
is the best rooftop in town!
Trying To Kill a Cricket would make a great workout video.
hey I appreciate that man.
God is so good and faithful!
And I can't find the words to convey what He is doin
LOVEistheANSWER because it's love of God that leads to redemption.
nah I rather music over gym and yeah I know it's reallyy weird..
Pretty excited for Day of Fosterly at tomorrow!
Ha!
I had no idea!
The Best Words Ever.
: Feel confident in your decision.
This is your body....
i see you favorited the link !
please download our free ep and like us on facebook3dave
I'm bored now.
Where's MONCHELE?
lol
S/O to all my real niz who understand a real woman's worth, and fellas stop laying down with anything
Being on par in terms of price and quality only gets you into the game.
Service wins the game.
Tony Allesandoctor
You and Aj Stole the Ppv last night,what a match.
Where can you go and increase the amount of money get back on your refund by as much as 50?
See how our SaveUSA program can help you:...
Some guys are pricks,some are jerks,but then there's one who is everything those guys aren't3  he's the other half that makes you whole3
I love how The Current can play Destinys Child then onto Arcade Fire.
Great doctorve home in the snow!
First run Tribe has scored with Fausto on the mound this year.
The 10 they scored on opening day were after he'd been lifted
Convenient I got diarrhea as Lidge entered the game?
No joke, either.
I'm up.
I'm just too lazy to get off my bed.
Of you're going to follow me..and I follow back.
Don't unfollow me and not expect to get unfollowed back..
Whether you use recourse or nonrecourse factoring will depend on your present invoice payment history.
Lmfao makes me vomit
yeah I'd like one of those as well.
I do love Fords...best trucks in my opinion as well!
I'd have to say I'm a Ford man myself
Hi Sophia!
Is today's SistersHeal a tweet chat?
Why not a poetry contest?
Or a pieeating contest?
No, it's always a fight to the death.
Bobbie Goheen Synthesis Mgt Group rocks!
It was when I found out I could make mistakes that I knew I was on to something.Ornette Coleman
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through
People on Twitter are so much nicer and less creepy than on Facebook :3
So ready to work the event wit and southernhoopsreport 
Know literally nothing for this final
The golden rule of spelling: I before E, except if you're weird.
hurray!
Congratulations.
aww that stinks!
yeah I downloaded it.

2900 people don't care or notice RT Funny when brands tweet for a minute then they're like Nah, nevermind.
Example 
Last full day of classes.
Uhhhmazing.
can't wait for the show!
oh ok thanks i just wanted to know hehe
I'LL MAKE YOUR PAST REGRET IT'S FUTURE.
HERE'S TO YOU.
Our concert at the Double Door is this Saturday!
Opening up for The Memorials w/ Amisterta and Model Stranger
Life is either a great adventure or nothing.
Helen Keller
Stoked for Yoga Nidoctor with Suzanne Bigelow .
Come experience this powerful tool for healing tomorrow from 13pm.
We just wrapped up an awesome studio session with Jay Alton!
Eghh i wish i could have 800 already!
Just 20 away
30 dollar living social sticky rice coupon expires in four hours .
This is going to be an epic lunch
I worked at Islands, mira mesa.
I have to leave soon, but not before I see on Live with Kelly!!
He's literally my favorite :
I hate it when teenagers have no respect for elders.
very pretty......i just started following you
I admire your sportsmanship in the game because I have won by a lot.
I am sure you'll break da slump.
I don't know if I can make it until 11:30, but everyone else should watch my girl tonight on Letterman!
you're showing some remarkable consistency.
Well done.
Wait, your goal is to maintain your weight, right?
Does your business portrait show you off as well as you want?
If not, call us, we can help!
Yeah they are worth the initial investment 
Stat padding time
Come on let's get this win
Microfinancing opportunities workshop for home biz startups by women: St.
Monica's, TOMORROW 67pm, call 3178082326
I don't wanna be your friend, I just wanna be your lover
I'm tweeting Half Marathon times for Leah Lang in real time on race day.
Brought to you by Verizon
Hey Corey!
Ok, yes, time to catch up.
I'll call you offline.
Im in the airplane, it feels like forever
ur jello makes me go to bed happy everyday at 5pm
I have never dealt with 2 companies with such poor customer service as 
Time for a new mattress?
34 convenient locations for you to check out our new line of Simmons mattresses!
So lovely to hear that you gave Incorrigible holiday gifts!
Third book comes out end of March.
Book 4 being written now.
Looking forward to performing at the North Atlantic Blues Festival with next weekend!
Why can't they just leave sleeping dogs lie?
A perfect way to ruin good childhood memories...
Im sorry and you are ?
And this is regarding ?
If you don't show respect, sir, I shall have my minions escort you out
so over the whole wall street vs.
main street rhetoric.
aren't there any creative journalists who can come up with something better?
I'll never understand
Chasing breakfast with brunch.
I can't believe that 2K11 went by so damn fast.
It was a good year though.
I can't wait to experience more in 2K12.
Feelin open minded
I Feel Like Going To Canada  ;
Keep getting calls from some scam called the U.S.
Gov't Grants Ctr.
Not surprised when the dishonest ignore donotcall lists.
1 links rank higher in search
She said it was love at first sight
You don't know how to do magic?
Pfft.
Art market in Pasadena, CA tom'row!
Sunday; resting!
Have a good wkend!
The last respectable boxer Mayweather fought was Del La Hoya everybody else just practice to him, Fight Pacquiao to really prove something
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.Thomas Edison 18471931, Invento
My mother used to live in midtown and still works there when she's in the US  saw it at 36/daily or so as of last year.
So I hit the garment district looking for a suit and end up buying Escada Sentiment for men.
When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye.
lol
Seriously, Allen Lam's automation session.
Starts very technical but gets simpler Repeated tomorrowmark your calendar!
I should cut 'my bed rest' orders and just go back to class.
I went to our onescreen theater today to see it only to find that they just replaced it with...
The Three Stooges...
DvL
Blunt blowing...
TY for your kind words.
Look forward to seeing you and at PRSA today
yeah i know, it's a chain...but still delicious!
my balls hurt.
i mean the balls of my feet of course.
i might have to rock some flats at mad planet tonite and give the balls a break.
I want to thank everyone for such a great time last night at Osteria.
I could not have asked for a better night.
The PARTY continues...
The BHL crowd would be glad I heard hour of socialjustice talk from professor TriciaRose and fellow BrownU alums.
Seems to mean
Love the out doors clean air but here in the city bad air..
Take jr out of the fcking game.
Oomf should text me :
There Will Be Blood Soundtrack segues very seamlessly into Joy Division's Closer, at least until the singing starts
thank you for sharing.
That is pretty funny.
Man Overboard  its like we have a bond or something.
Interesting divide there.
Someday I'll understand your strange world.
Well, that seems to be what I'm best at, so I went and followed your bro.
;
Primary obligation for the next week: get on a plane to see my Dad in Switzerland.
Woo.
The Xcom people love the original like I do.
I have high hopes.
Oh, I figured you meant that.
I just don't remember the line.
How is THAT POSSIBLE????
who would be searching for gyro Clooney?
inbox is completely empty, where it will probably stay because no one ever emails me.

thx for the reverb links.
love me some new verbs.
Miss when i use to squeeze your cheeks :
We have a prom playlist on Facebook, and looks like we're having a rave this year.
Let's get it sweatin' in this sauna!!
I'm checking.
RT : why wasn't Tulo pop up in 1st not ruled infield fly?
Got my vote
My day's consisted of talking about moshing, listening to Fire and Ice, hanging out with cats and my roommate, and trippin out normies.
I'm in love
Are we still on for this evening, gentlemen?
I'll keep you a daydoctoram away
When you have more past than you do future, everything is more intense 
has sent me 17 masters, 2 more to go.
Hope y'all ready...
This week is going to fly by.
Congrats, grad!
...straight to the next man.
we share similar challenges ;
We beat them in Cross Country man!
If you list Twilight as your favorite book on Facebook, we can't be friends.
gag 
Off to Walkerton, IN to meet with a longtime client, JFNew today!
You're gonna be the one that's broken.
congratulations Fred!
Correct, which is what I assumed Woelfel actually meant.
Of course I do!
RT : Anyone know of an underground club where I can get a high stakes game of DUCK DUCK GOOSE started?
On the third day he rose again..
Happy Easter everyone!
It's Thirsty Thursday!
Enjoy 5 Martinis tonight at Sullivan's Steakhouse accross the street from our hotel at Hubbard and Dearborn!
Well, now I've stepped in it.
working on a decent size transaction...it is what it is.
there is an art to putting a deal together, but a little luck is also needed.
LOL
insightful w the bonus of Funny
can't wait to see you in fullon hooligan status.
You have to get a scarf to hang up next to your fiorentina one, obv
Nope.
Too much on his mind.
:
I have a problem with any US citizen that thinks one race or gender is better than the other,we're all the same.Let's not let that change.
J is sulking even more now that City're beating Wolves.
one day I hope to be able to put The in front of my name.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation  Emily Dickinson
Working on this idea/project for Electronic Storytelling.
Could be an awesome film if everything goes right.
i love how mean u are to me
Any really good PMP exam prep courses online?
does anyone have any real experience with it?
When life gives you lemons, put them in the fridge or make a piccata and open something with a label instead.
Attending a conference next week where one of the lunch options is Vegetable Knuckle.
We've asked  nobody knows what it is.
So excited
i dont want a superstar that will screw our whole team and he decides to bounce, i want to build evenly
That is not good.
I wish them a quick recovery.
Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns.
Daughter replaces dumbphone with smart phone, I pay more per month and T charges ME an 18 upgrade fee.
I'm in zanesville at the special Olympics
not too late in the spring..otherwise we'll prolly see YOU in philly :
Awh I miss the beach :ss Have you ever heard of ?
If you want I can link you to a free song of his.
So cute/nice
O feisty!
:D
David Cone just compared DeWayne Wise to exCub Chico Walker on YES
alright, I will accept that
I got get those ??
Lmao
yeah but out here the fresh air is mixed with pot smoke.
:D
At the cutting edge of the music industry, Loyno Seniors present their final presentations, tomorrow 79 pm in Nunemaker Hall.
CicadaRadio tearing it up as usual.
I have invested once.
To do it again, I would require a financial return on my investment.
is dedicated to preserving the music  memory of Robert Johnson through art education, competitions  scholarships.
It's never good news when my brother calls early in the morning.
skipping lunch for a project to reduce stress is not the advice of this psychologist.
Skip work instead, do a buffet
Wishing Well sounded rad in the Buick commercial that just aired on CNN.
Buy their record.
RT I guess example needs 2 be set for mifflin...do what u gotta do.
everyone knows how I am and how I carry myself.

Ion think I'm bad I just ain't finna let a mf handle me
Beautiful weather in Charlotte NC today!
Return to golf after 5 month brk due to bum elbow.
Let's see how this goes
I wish it would stop being nasty outside!
Summer please hurry up!!
how was it last night?
I passed out while doing laundoctor ; gonna come through next week tho
haha thanks but the thing is i also have to do thing acting thing.
Spurs in 5.
Blake/Paul hurting.
: Clippers and SA...
I say SA in 6...
Just my thought!
What y'all think?
I wanna say KT is on like the 16th, but you know because we were 6 when we made this up, I suppose the date could have shift ...
hm me too lol.
But I stay at Orleans.
Plant Hollywood, MGM.
It depends but Groupon or living social b having good deals
the barhammers think that you should do an album full of covers.
:D
So I hear the kids are now out of school 
Damn what a block Wade!!
but did you see that head that kid had that his mom refers to as The Cunt Wrecker?
Weighing the pros and cons of water jogging in Lake Michigan...i'm going for it!
:
go Milkman !
You're definitely in my casting queue.
Will contact you when I have the right part!
Yeah I'm pretty sure they've got it lol.
Thanks!
I'm very proud of them.
I hope they can just put this game past them.
hell no never
I don't think your husband is going to like you saying such things.
I make tweeting optional, too, but typically only one or two students take the initiative
Special today: Grilled Pineapple on a stick!
2 see you on Tejon
If McQueary has any dignity left, he should step down immediately.
I can see the pollen swirling about
Roll Call votes now on Petri/Johnson/Lipinski amendment to preserve TE funding
Isn't it awful?
No excuse.
Albuquerque, NM Feb.
29 2012 Upward Motion Personal Training of Albuquerque, NM gives out free online fitness evaluation
Gone head do ya thang!
Awsome, Ive been looking for some rock shirts.
I will be contacting you!!!!
Thanks
If bonnwe harper had a twitter it would be
nowplaying Intrepid Fox, Freddie Hubbard.
Red Clay.
You forget how good this album is.
jazz Herbie on that Rhodes!!!
Just had dinner, Peruvian food, spicy but tasty!
TGIF!
Hope you're doing something fun this weekend.
Thanks for the follow!
I miss BC spot prawns, enjoy!
Haha the media loves him now.
Yeah, and we won a game without any trouble!
Greinke was great, 2 HR for Ishikawa?!
the day the new style died
Next important shift will be a new economic order  points to moveyourmoney as early example
misterRouse, Kevin T.
and Chris Jarvis Thanx gents!
doctornking Bambino out of Star Trek cups.
Classin' it up before
thank you!
how does that work?
Caro's LBJ newyorker piece is a reminder why I couldn't finish the power broker
but they can't stand each other.
And Rick has a new great breakfast joint.
holy fuck man!
morning Jay : hope you have a great day!!
Small class  20  so it fits your theory.
They did like using an online chat forum 2 weeks ago for Shakespeare...
My boyfriend just told me ThePlayboyClub is on Hulu!
I'm glad since I missed the first episode.
you got any followers who can cut hair ?
I need a trim
TREJO daily after every meal.
okay so I guess I wasn't making that up about the smell!
Also smells really good too
well it was really pretty and there were hot guys and I guess cute girls!: and I have to ask you something
woah if we had no idea we would be cunts, are you calling us cunts?
mark whalberg lol forgot the classic lines in here
since u had mindless behavior on November 19 2011 can have a diggy signing soon plzzz
Speak words of love, healing and hope.
Build up, instead of tear down.
Hate is not an option.
you're welcome!
: no tweeting in class!!!
:P
Busy evening?
Got mo ass than a motherfucker !
: Kobe threw the game away.
smh he killed me
lmao apparently I thought y'all were rebels!
mym!
: never have i ever....ran away from home...
lol 
TRIVIA ANSWER: Affidavit is the legal term for a voluntary written statement made under oath.
NewYorkTimes says Taliban offshoot group worrying western officials.
What would we do without a boogeyman?
Sometimes, you need to be alone.
Not to be lonely, but to enjoy the free time just being yourself.
I try to find a reason to smile at least once a day
I never hear one positive thing about this girl 
rollin ilke a big shot!
rt : Just saw the delivery KIA Soul decked out in flags.
Double awesome!
Wtf is this...
i quit on the hippos
We No Speak Americano  puuuuhleeeese stop playing this  I will be your bff  I promise!
Snow and more snow finally feels looks like winter...
Do Jewish people believe in God?
Yes!
It's about that time lol.
: Will you also be in Recognition?
So cute
Why do I have to get up so early???
what do u feel bad bout????
I think it's from Tuesday's paper?
It looks like they thought game 5 was game 6.
The brand new edition of my hope begins in the dark book, with allnew stories of lymphoma survivors, is here!
email me at .com
999 taxes median incomers 2 grand more, while cutting taxes on rich.Like the poll tax did to the Tory Party it'd put Rs in exile for 20 yrs.
Speaking of programs...
Sean Carton will lecture on social media in library Fri, 10 am.
You're welcome to come if you'd like.
or exactly what hall of fame voters do.
Bagwell, Walker and more to come.
Topic 1: Let's talk Montreal  is there anything to be scared of?
I'm gonna learn how to play this stupid song if it's the last damn thing I do.
Finally told her how I felt.
Feel pretty good about it, but I guess we'll just see where this goes.
I am thrilled 2 be part of soc media seminar right now.
DO u know that at her behest, we r shamelessly promoting her 2 all of u?
: Defecate or Abdicate.
That's very PC of you.
doctornking venti crunkjuice, in studio recording guitar.
ok thank you : that was so kind of you to check on me.
Thanks for the advice..keep me in prayer.how r u
Gray's is on...
Yeah I watch it duck your thought process
UK and U of L basketball ends and baseball begins.
No time for rest and I kinda like it.
I don't sleep, I doctoram awake.
Brett needs a damn twitter or something
WNST1570: Tomorrow we play Fantasy Baseball Challenge.
You vs.
Mitt 4 a cool prize.
Listen 10Noon 4 rules  when to call.
4104811570
I want to be your favorite Hello  hardest Goodbye.
i hate the whole financial aid procedure.
Got my permit.
Excited.
My rental car smells like Maui sunshine and suntan lotion.
Perfect!
Ah Summer
I can only hope you'll be naked and in a payphone.
IfTwitterWereHighschool I'd be able to follow around.
Yo, we can MakeItHappen by the end of this year if y'all willing to put in that work.
I'ma do it with or without you, so you in or not?
If you are afraid of FAILURE you don't deserve to be SUCCESSFUL Charles Barkley
two bad missed calls have Cuse 4 points
Happy to be home.
Is proud to say that I lived to vote and support an incredible president who knows what this generation needs.
Thank you Barack
I'm sure there's rationale explanation.
Irsay seems 2b real tactician.
He's same guy that tweets random Journey quotes right?
Wtf my mentions won't show!
record and put on Youtube would love to hear it!
Make it stop raining.
Adele looks beautiful at the Gramys
gonna go see a movie.
All I see...
is them dolla signs!!
Interview with Jean Maurice Touboul.
Very interesting answers from someone helping to move video marketing forward.
I wish u would follow back.
I follow u now an your peeps as well :
I am.
But maybe standing in the taco line was someone's fun time with friends or family?
It's all subjective.
what up?

last second but still within the deadline : Would you find it valuable to get your final grades via a mobile app?
we've done better this season
: feell like i disowned kuss i never heard his song, ima do it later since is already another day : :'
Brooklyn Law School entrepreneur event, free popchips for a year?
Awesome!
Gah....
They suck.
LOL.
I feel ya.
And you're passenger is sleeping...
Haha
Shantel I think you're beautiful and amazing!
: you're an inspiration!
I hope we will meet one day :
It's cool though, people would realize you're not an employee pretty quickly when you turn out to be helpful and friendly.
Zing.
i'm a social reject you understand
hit 'em with the Slam, Bam, Thank Ya Ma'am
MyFavoriteRapperRightNow....doctorke all day : : : :
Dixie Highway?
Motorcycle cop?
Yeah it is all too familiar.
When taxis are next to each other in traffic I always wonder if they know way other from back in taxi school
If you ever get a chance to do a class w/ , do it.
Learned so much.
Thanks for hosting; Tom a great host
so we can talk...
New fitteds at www.kingoffitteds.com red wings, washinton capitals
CONTROLALTDELETE!!!
THIS!!!
RT : The awkward moment when you're that one friend who always gives relationship advice but is still single.
And I just missed my bus while sending a tweet.
Theres no sympathy for the dead
I think i accidentally conditioned my stomach to only process oatmeal, peanut butter, and pasta cuz its spazing out now that i'm eating real
ugh seriously can't wait Tyler.
I've been waiting for this since season 1 ended!
Mayor Sanders said SD has a way to go to meet doctor King's doctoram but we are certainly making progress.
At MLK Day allpeople's breakfast.
After a rough night the card today looks very promising.
The best cappers bounce back after a bad night.
I made some great moves out here today.
Thank you lord for watching over me
what u my biggest fan
Exams...
Save me
Come to our meeting tomorrow in d419 to sign up for shows next semester!
Be there unless you're a square.
I hate people.
but its pretty bad when my familys starting to make me hate them
rubbin on heads is wat got me two kids, lol!
Some people are just born sexy.
Welfare hasn't destroyed black Americans, a corrupt system that perpetuates the cycle of vitriol towards us has...
I don't wanna go home!!
I'll miss Orlando.
Especially the cute Italian guy we met ;
you gotta atleast have a half lmao ima be rolling up all 10ab blunts lmaooo
Thanks for the RT.
U rock.
If you have Hope you will try harder to be a better person
i take good care of it :;
thank you :
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was...the high of times.
Thanks for the retweet.
You, my friend, are the furthest thing from a barbarian.
:
RT You cant think your way into acting positively, but you can act your way into thinking positively.
Nido Qubein http://
Everyone cheered the first Copyright Advisory Network facebook member!
;
Crap I wish I had money to buy boyfriend
The only border I would wanna be a guard at, is Borders bookstore
RT You should try the Petit'Louie on Gold St.
I want to know how it is.
Ok, I'll let you know, I'm always up for suggestions.
oh ok
I now crave for some Nesquik strawberry milk!
Hello A little advice.
Don't announce and release new prosumer cameras while you still have a 3 month backlog on my  order
April 16th Pikes Peak Earth Event Doherty HighSchool 103 Free admission April 22nd Earth Day Live Radio Remote Balloon Pop
.
Headaches are not fun...hope it passes soon.
great, I hope others do the same.
This is a garbage future Ubi and Blizzard have started us towards.
thoughts on CBJ trade yesterday?
Today I've decided to stop using the ellipsis to close out a sentence.
This will start tomorrow...
I cannot WAIT until the Do you have tax forms?
questions stop.
We don't.
We haven't in 20 years.
So has CHK frozen employee stock sales a la Enron?
This company is screwed.
RT : A4  was featured in for some innovative segmentation strategies that doctorve conversions...
We're are!
5081030.
Pick up by 4PM, Christmas Eve RT : Are you taking orders for Christmas?
Anyone else in Phoenix now for COSUGI?
Join me  the Sheraton lobby bar  5:30 AZ time Lets talk libs!
don't you got Allie to play with?!
Allen Cooper rounding people up for the trauma panelveterans issues and PTSD are bound to be discussed
I respect your opinion, just don't tell me what it is...
I hope all of my seniors have fun
hello my friend.
HOw are you?:
I'm going to be Nostradamus and predict that when the Lakers lose to the Denver Nuggets in Game 7, all KobeFans will pray Durant to win it
That being said....
At least Indy's handling Manning better than GB handled Favre.
Morning commute, lunch and primetime are peak times for Facebook engagement.
Post once per days says
I watched the entire speech.
You have an awesome Senator.
you tweeted me to wake me up.
And I had a doctoram you tweeted me saying lets go to jersey shore and im like right
That's it is yanked from my feed.
I am speechless at what it's become and, moreover, what it tweets
thanks for the welcome!
140cuse has been a great experience
Had a great time playing poker for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.
Tons of nice people out for a great cause
I WAS WONDERING WHERE YOU WENT :
the winter lasagna combo from is rocking my world.
the scent of truffles wafting from it is absurd.
Dear , that's not west coast!!...
Just sayin!
We have just received the National Arts and Humanities Youth Program Award at the White House.
Watch First Lady Michelle Obama present...
So fun meeting you in person at breakfast this morning!
Allie
Congrats Luke!
RT : LB Luke Kuechly and Carolina agreed to a 4year, 12.58 million deal, all guaranteed.
I will sign that petition
i hope you guys like my boobies
Howdy, neighbor!
Happy Spring .
.
.
in your step!
I just want to be where you're at with life but instead its like I'm losing and you're winning
Such a beautiful day today but so tired.
Even if you're not the person speaking in a group interview, people are looking at your body language.
Palisoc
Good morning  strong coffee, got some work done already  now observing The Bridge training via !
YES!!
That would be great!!
where do we buy?
APD investigating a rollover accident on I40 Westbound at Wyoming in NE ABQ.
No injuries.
Two right lanes closed.
Avoid if possible.
What up G?
I had forgot my password but im back on now
This really shouldn't be as hard as it is.
lol right!!!
I really need too
how r been buddy
get a netti pot, and doctornk lots of kombucha, you will feel better in no time.
To all the amazing women who have blazed a trail so that my path might be easier.
Wait is a shade queen for calling me a junk food eater natural white cheddar puffs are good for you
yea I haven't been there in years!!
Wonder how and Co are gonna spin this one...hm...
You just HAD to remind that he can't spell worth a damn, didn't you?
Next you'll be asking where the other T went.
I told my hubby that Siva looks like he has Lego man hair.
He said he thought he looked more like Bruce Leroy.
ROFL
Johnny Depp is incredible!
He's like the man of disguises.
I love like Germany loves
great so far
The nerve of some people....
WHY??
SMH :/
I'm so excited for Sunday I can hardly stand it!!!
Good news: Google doctorve was launched today.
Bad news: No Linux support.
I know, it's crazy how fast time flys...
I refuse to live my life in fear that around every corner is some evildoer.
If I thought my baby niece was in any danger taking
I love Lauren and everything but dang calm down
Time for refill...coffee w/ hazlenut and carmel!!!
N.O soon?
not yet, maybe some day.
try amazonRT : Thanks for follow back : There aren't Popchips in Italy...that's sad :
I been having headaches almost everyday.
:
Got everything but the skateboard .
I spent all my money so it's ganna take me a while :P
: I need patience..
I need a lot of it.
: How are your shingles?
I've been concerned.
Need ah Supafreak!!!
Jalani tryna rip out my belly ring!!!!
I fuckin parked like a motherfuckin champ today
I just read the funniest letter ever haha
I am still waiting on some or any of you to send me some questions for my pendulum.
Do you already secretly use a pendulum to get answers?
Heavy is the head that wears the crown, I'd love to be one to disappoint you when I don't fall down
At least Dale Svuem knows Loe shouldn't pitch to someone batting left handed.....
Lol he's my 4.0 man.
It's only because all his finals are this week.
other than that he studies are usually daily..
Thank you for the motivation your someone that has strong beliefs too since you believe in me.
Shout out to the southridge baseball team today on going for the district championship
you are just gonna be repeating my Basinger like that?
Lmao
If i would date one of followers at would be the sexy girl with the locks
6.
Pistachio Ice Cream: as you type it, you think your spelling it wrong.
But then, you realize you spelled it right!
No squiggly red line!
Love to travel, hate to pack.
Would totally hire someone to pack for me if I could.
Happy Sunday!
Tomorrow Starts another work week....
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.
Victor Kiam
catch you then ;
awh, same goes to you.
Are you watching Wango Tango?
We're open till 5:30pm doctorp in today and get those spare auto keys and remotes.
Don't for get to ask about our Packers keys
has done a great job focusing on business use cases.
Planet RDF has a ton of great info, but is more technical.
Good job!
Time for lunch soon!
like a new twitter name, but relating to niall
that's the only way I eat them!
my family makes fun of me for it.
thank you for not making me feel so weird.
Tumblr isn't working for me :c
dyrdek day gotta love it
Its delayed....but please tune in....Episode is writen and directed by the fantastic :
looks like you got to see a hell of a game....
is on guitar!
woo :D
100 of people doctorve used cars.
Every car is used once it's doctorven.
:
Strange mood tonight so finally went to Friday Night Jazz  Westminster Presbyterian Church.
Recommend.
Loud, good music can help you focus.
follow me ?
I really don't understand why it's so hard to find a job where I know what my hours will be week after week.
Is that too much to ask?
Things to do on Friday, May 4
Right?!
Throw some money at it!
DO NOT APPLY for a job  Brafton Boston if over 40.
HR Ben Bell, Sean Greene, VP Allen Schweitzer will NOT HIRE YOU!
Age Discrimination
Cancer doesn't care.
Very sad to have lost such a creative spirit.
Always wishing you the best Mendoza!
Safe travels and good luck in the dirty dirty!
online store opens on or around Oct 1.
Will have opportunities for pros who want to be involved.
Email me at .
I sleep less, I'm tired.
I sleep more, I'm tired.
let this review start already so i can go home and procrastinate...ugh.
How do we addoctorss this?
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play.
Heraclitus
Great to have you and look forward to your questions
for what?
Lol, you tell me that EVERY day over twitter!
Haha.
I know, it is.
Yes, well...it's sort of a good thing.
He was cute, but not a good person at all.
Praying for a peace of mind right now.
the Med visiting my nephew in TICU.
This is killin me mane straight up.
Wishing it was me instead.
game on!
Join the club v.v
Library and students at heart of campus
gave a birthday wish in my latest Urban Dish
I think Bulls need another win cause Heat have 3 games left.
Win tonight means at tie.
Sweet dunks and meaningless 3's doesn't make Knicks JR Smith a good player
: Listening to the score from Rudy while jogging is where it's at as far as inspiration goes.
u stop jogging 2 tweet that?
awesome hanging with y'all TweetUpBash Cheers!
The Whole Team is here at Club M celebrating Maria  Hugo's 10 Year Anniversary.
Such a gorgeous place for a great occasion!
ok I didn't mean it..
I just need some rest badly
lololol it just seems like it :p
MLV bidding on ya homeboy in a charity auction.
RT : I wonder what the numbers would look like if you included labor and the arts in this study?
yess : haha i wanted to know how to share the screen thass all :D.......well byee :P
we missed 's ustream!
He did something called CHAINING in it!
YAY!
Can't wait 2 party w/ u RT : : That line up literally made my jaw doctorp.
Jingle Jam is going to be AMAZING!!
I'm only interested n pleasing her  she's only interested n pleasing me.We mke love all nght afta we pillow fight  dip Oreo cookies.
5 more days of high school?
I think so let's do this!
He beat me, I give up
we can't score set a pick for harden and get the hell out of the way
Hoping everyone had a great Easter weekend!
.
says Twitter is the best medium for breaking news
I will call and see if we can really rent a boat from the Rec center lol.
I'd die!!!!
Love you so!
Luv your shows!
Your the best!
Merry Christmas!
Keep wrapping!
Pray for me...I'm on dialysis
re: Legal cases added to Google Scholar  For Supreme Court cases, try oyez.org instead.
More info, no ads
You were my strength when I was weak, you were my voice when I couldn't speak you were my eyes when I couldn't see  
I made a stop earlier...
cool, looking forward to see you at the session scon12 pls flag me down to say hello b4 or afterward
right, so the question of if writers talk about the market isn't the question, they do.
But does the market become...
how excited are you to be playing with Jeff Saturday?
hope it works out
Dear flu: please go away.
I'd like to get back to my life now.
is back online at last.
M, naked DSL
Gettin thru this workday.....got the bm in my inbox, atleast she civil, but sorry thats a no no.
Are you telling me these banker schmucks lost 5M of the Mob's money?
Dumb fellas, huh?
Unwise guys.
Happy Friday, Dimon.
is headed to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square for the JINX reading  4PM!
Hope to see you there!
FOUND OUT WHAT TA DO YET?...LOL...
so happy for the great news today!!!
We saw you right as you were doctorving past area55.
Don't be a stranger!
Let the sun rise over Mount Diablooooo!
3
It wasn't even an idea a year ago, but here we are.
boyleheights best: and I.
Together again.
morning rush and not unusual for us to wait over 30 minutes for an EXPRESS bus we pay 5.50 for!
Sarah Dougher: Miley Cyrus/Hannah Montana embodies dichotomies of authentic/commercial, normalcy/stardom, private/public.
well that and now I have an undying desire to slide down the top of a PNC Park escalator
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 21
Flying to Toronto on Friday.
Really hoping the strike is resolved before then!
But hey nothing good is gonna come out of that
i love dallas green so much
RT just wanna get doctornk tonight.
Pdfffft  everyone needs a goal!!
Doh!
For me it's because I started before the Caps game and ended early :
The laptop shut down while I was writing my paper  it didn't save.
Fuck my life.
I lost like half of it.
Do I not show enough emotion?
I'm lazy.
Happy Women's Day to all my ladies!
So if you tell your taxi doctorver to hurry and they get pulled over, are you liable for the ticket?
Have a great day everyone and enjoy the weekend!
:
this pretty much sums it up: I put my porn snuggie on when it's time to get down.
shuuuttt uuppp!!!!
Congradulations!!
I highly respect u for that..
Some cant do it!
im sorry /: ill be back next year!
3 i love you too3
I wish nic's ex would disappear.
She's really annoying and so neurotic.
I hope she creeps my Twitter.
this one's for you little miss!
Ego is a killer.
Homeless Families
come to saga then!
And this weak bitch Suzie feels bad for Keisha when shes the slut that put her in the situation by runnin her damn mouth
Another long day in LBK.
Are you at Quality 16?
Do they send a letter home when you get a Saturday detention?
RT: DON 'T CALL IT A COMEBACK FUCKERSSS !
LOL
Judge sets bail in Dutch coalition to give evidence at odds over email hacking Norway diary.
I miss a girl's kiss
you have no idea how sorry I am I missed that LOL :P
And all my nggas got that heat, feel like pat Riley
Yesterday, on November 1st, I launched my preemptive strike against holiday weight gain: more exercise, less carbs, death to snacking!
I wish Will Arnett was the spokesman for every company
When you're looking at singles for anime with an artbox, yeah.
Singles are completely dead now, aside from Madoka and Gundam UC.
ohh ok lol do u live in atlanta
In Fall, it's important to promote the production of body fluids.
Good things to eat include nuts, seeds, pear, lotus root, and pumpkin Yum!
doctorw Doughty has reached a verbal agreement with the Kings.
Speculated to be 51m over 7 years.
Thanks for the RT Tyler!
We have almost reached 10,000 subscribers to our MENTALCOACH newsletter!
Keep spreading the word!
Ha!
Just remembered Super Spud  Butterboy's secret identities: Tommy Tater and Lonnie Land O'Lakes.
I crack myself up.
Maybe they can get the Maverick to pay for Mom's surgery, he can just sell a couple of Cindy's purses...
Your the biggest legend on twitter dude !
well..
le flick hair yes, I suppose so ; 
In this joint here in Philly called MilkBoy and the coffee is off the chain.
This might be a Starbucks breakup.:
How close was today's ruling on two Packer's coaches and ther bounty system?
People have to be thanking they stars for McCarthy
I must admit.
I'm intrigued with the concept of the new Assassin's Creed game.
Slicing up Redcoats?
Yes, please.

hates being home!
Ugh.
Just came home from school!
Dx I hate afterschool...
Pretty funny day with my friends thoughh...
You know the Petco Park fences situation is bad when your pastor mentions it in his sermon.
Better just give up b4 your heart gives out lol
aw well I wasnt goin a friend wanted to kno who was goin lol.
But wollbrinck said on the track in the bleachers
Playing with my new phone, the new palm pre is AWESOME!
Light skinned niggas pee sitting down.
It's in the bible, Ima twitpic it later.
I just finished core synergistics I hate working out at night
It's a scramble just to keep up with the latest updates on the Swine Flu, so much info coming in this a.m.
Following CDC here on Twitter
who tints windows?
Male Dance Teacher Opening Get Dance Jobs.
The secret of success is sincerity.
Once you can fake that you've got it made.
Giraudoux, Jean
See you on the charts in 2012...
Orphanz
Yummy homemade stir fry and a movie, A Place of One's Own.
I am content.
heads up.
For the next hour or so I'm participating in lrnchat.
Join the learning!
I'd fly to the moon, I'd paint your gray skies a beautiful blue, just to get one step closer to you3
Hi Ashish, the answer depends on the individual.
An increase in 60 points would certainly help though.
: Moments like this specifically make me miss Marquette...
Sighs...
we miss u to Jenny
Just wait until Alex Smith underthrows his first pass in his direction for Moss to lose interest and become disengaged
Thanks for the mention.
Hope your w/e was good.
maddow madness coming up!
You could really be a Beau Brummel, baby, if you'd just give it half a chance...
I'm stil hungry !
I miss 9th grade's chicken wraps !
SAT today :/
A magic 8ball?
Seriously?
I think we each just described half of twofer.
This calls for a code phrase.
Awesome workshop w/Arlie Day!
She's always so nice!
Past weekend: Scott Wissner workshop sun, Actorfest sat!
Saw familar faces in both!
You're gonna have to explain it all as I'm watching.
Thatawkwardmomentwhen you show your mom a picture on Facebook, but she doesn't leave afterwards.
2nd saying guys won't like anything that a girl might do.
Not all will like it, and maybe not most.
ha, you'll have to make a new username for Digitization Services.
remember that night you promised?
if this should ever end.
you wouldn't go changing, and now you come saying we can't even be friends
: same.
Its so boring...
Cant.
Stay.
Awake.
Thx Austin eli2010 and for a great conference.
More librarians come to eli2011 in DC
Work, meeting, beach volleyball, lie to me.
What an eventful Monday I have to look forward to!
oh no:.
Time to get serious on air quality
BurbNHitez in the lab tonight
ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis Finding Penis
Natalia would have been a better pick!
girlfriend, tired lol.
Deep sigh.
How are u
RT RT  liveforsuccess Ideas w/out execution are wasted.
Knowing what to do  not doing it is the same as not knowing what to
So don't want to be at work today.
one of the reasons i hate tv news.
the news is already out there, so they ugly to keep the story moving.
yuck.
I miss you ;
yes we do girl...
me and olga have been saying the same thing...
I NEED 10 FEMALES THAT WOULD BE INTRESTED IN PLAYING IN A FEMALES BASKETBALL GAME FOR A MUSIC VIDEO
Lol that swamp of indiscretion called social media great line!
I never suggested it was fair.
Many needed actions are not necessarily fair.
What would have been the alternative?
How is it going?
My bad, sorry Stephan.
Will be at Union Station Thursday.
Sorry I didn't get a chance to meet you tonight.
Thx for following.
Jus Presents My Chapter Ta Da Class I Kno I Passed
Is this kindergarten basketball?!
RT : KHSAA BOC adopts running clock proposal for basketball for 201213 season.
What's happening here?
I used to get invited to this stuff.
RT : Hitting up Spain next year and traveling Europe with !!!
Me2!
LOL RT : Since I'm just watching the rootstech keynote via the Internet, i'm going to be rebellious and leave my cellphone on.
Jamison rebounding well from 010 performance last night to hit last three shots tonight.
More L
I think I just fell n love with lil mo again forreal...
Lol that bitch energy was real..like str8 one of the girls on the block
thanks, Cynthia.
Have a great weekend.
FINAL from DB Milne Field...
21 Fresno St 2!!!
I guess I don't even know how you'd kill a horse without a gun.
On this day of remembrance, the United States stands with all those who pledge never to forget.
Amb.
DiCarlo,
exactly what it say foo .
Trying to write a sales letter for my first product  a report on writing.
If I'm so good, why is this so hard
Why is TreeOfLife one part poetry doctorma, one part Discovery Earth, and one part Jurassic Park?
Oh and ut just went 2001 on my ass!?!
call me after the tourny
The Avengers right now with Mario, doctorw, Michael, Bobby, and Luis.
STOKED!!
I was just reminded that I'm watching a TV show in real time.
My inability to fast forward is giving me an anxiety attack.
And I wish you all the love in the world, but most of all I wish it from myself.
: the q is: will we be feeling our way into a ubiquitous future  what will be feeling then?
hey are u a cat ?
xx
Kruger pulled his name out of consideration for the Oklahoma job.
This is like watching a bears game
So warm in the valley, so chilly in LA!
wow had a great weekend with everyone: went to rolla hung with friends then spent sunday with the most amazingest person ever:
Nothing in life comes easy
how was the hunger games???
Last night a lady in the audience told me to calm down twitcher.
I'll be uploading a video this week of how I responded.
75 centimeters, and it's the perfect size.
will you have that sex tape ready for me when I get home?
i am in the office today if you want to come by.
please let me know what time.
don't just doctorp in as i have many appts today.
The next Spokanebased contractor that bitches about the economy can put a sock in it.
Can't get a single one of 'em to bid or follow up.
Come on...it's football!
The elements are what makes the NFL great!
GB played in snowstorm yrs ago against TB!
I was just about to turn shallow and then I had to go get inspired and ish 
Love is much like a wild rose, beautiful and calm, but willing to doctorw blood in its defense.
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, I love you before you leave for the day.
Did you get into Google yet?
I'll send you an invite if you give me your email addoctorss.
I feel so nervous.
When is the...
official signing ceremony?
Here's to the Directioners who call One Direction our boys, my boys, or the boys.
I wanna get a pair of those big old rubber galoshes my Mom used to make me wear on days like this.
Remember?
They had big buckles.
how do you keep hearing about shows way before me?
Ditto kiddo.
It's always great seeing my Meeekeeeez!
come to us...we will feed you and cut your hair.
You'll look like crap but you'll be full and satisfied.
Anyways im going to house :
I LOVE their bloodies!
Never seen it this crazy.
They were out of ALL glassware for about 10 minutes.
coach d is jealous because Iowa sucks ass at everything
If I owe you a follow back..just, mention me and let me know..
Happy happy birthday !
Have a fantastic day!
follow she follows back :
retweet if you like mac miller
yeaa, I just don't know what makes a woman want to have sex with a nigga that ain't her baby dad.
That's foul lol
oh niice!
how are you
Jamberry!
Definitely going to have that little rhyme stuck in our heads, in the best way possible of course.
Happy birthday to my prom date!
My retainers hurt
well what did he say to you.
Retweet if your against ABUSE of any kind.

thanks for sharing!
got any other reports?
Chris Bosh will return to New York in time to play in Thursday's Game 3 against the Knicks.
no one remembers wade doctorbbling the ball off of his foot in the finals last year?
Titus Livius Men are slower to recognize blessings than misfortunes.
Guys that will beat somebodys butt for you just cuz of what the say or how they act
Screw you calc.
I'm going to bed.
Keep ya head up : Passion wins anything!
2011 was the year citizens took charge.
Egypt Libya Tunisia Syria Russia.
What will 2012 be?
Jeff Littmann Memorial Ride on Sunday, details: www.kayzar.com  whether you knew Jeff or not, ride in support of fallen cyclists everywhere
The Show on Wednesday has been moved to Low Spirits...
hope to see ya there.
Shutout to for being 1st to complete the lyric
make me out to be the bad guy.
if that makes you sleep better at night, have at it.
i genuinly wish you have a happy and fulfilling life
At the for the Monkeyville Appreciation Breakfast.
Thank you :  CMHOF
Hey rest of Atlanta, try to operate more like the Marta braves shuttle.
A surprisingly efficient operation.
To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
being allergic to grass is no bueno
That's what they all say.
I hope you are doing well.
Keep up the good work on that station I can't mention.
HE SAY HE DONT WONT NONE ON ME DAMN.
MORE TATTOOS AN PIERCINGS
I like the doctorams of the future better than the history of the past.
Patrick Henry
thanks so much to everyone who came to the SDCC  HDCC Health Care Event last night!
It was a huge success.
Stride's new Tropical Trance flavor has my name written all over it

We also have a ton of beer resources  links!
Brewers  bloggers, if we dont have U listed, please let us know so we can add u!
better no it
Listening to Tom Jones on the radio is like having the ability to call myself.
Looovin' it!
250!
same as the ones for 2012 :
Breaking Necks Since 2004
Writing is the hardest way of earning a living, with the possible exception of wrestling alligators.
Olin Miller
Interesting statistic  I access facebook almost exclusively on my
How's it going Chicago!??
Thank your for your support thus far!
In need of 1,000 followers!
Spread the Word about
If you plan on voting in the November 8th general election in Indiana, you must register by Tuesday, October 11th.
don't you mean...
don't keep on fcking your ex's too?
oap
had a good time at bible study tonight, celebrated a brothers bday, good times
Oops I meant Ricky.
IStandGrand please follow me!
Words can't describe how much you mean to me!
:,
Great AFTRA meeting tonight!
How to turn a non union job into a union job!
Love Hootsuite, but now I realize how much I need it too!
lol Excited to see the new changes!
Thanks for all your hard work!
haha close, it took 20 minutes
We do our best to pair you with a counselor that suits your personality and can meet YOUR specific needs.
pretty unsettling it's a 'vault' situation..
feels like yesterday
AHAHAHAH iTunes support!
That's the best joke ever!
So we talking game 7 tickets yet?
Happy 3rd Birthday to the man I love the most; my godson.
I love you TJ!
3
always tweeting some knowledge
All my prayers to Dick Clark's family!!!
Since sex got easier to get, Love got harder to find.
I jus want my money!
RT : bitch you anit gootta call my phone matter a fact all hoes can leave me alone !
;
nowplaying Red Car from The Complete Art Pepper at Ronnie Scott's  June 1980 LPs.
Art had soul, and a voice all his own.
Miami, are you ready??
C'mon man.
How you gonna get all the way to the laundoctor room only to realize you left your detergent SEVENTEEN FLOORS above?
That one was basically for you.
Attending the premiere tonight for a film my friend Jaqueline Fleming is in, it's a T.D.
Jakes film, Woman Thou Art Loosed.
Premiers...
bring on the meat!!!!
MusMem: Seeing Starry Night in person nearly brought me to my knees.
Unbelievably powerful experience!
I follow cuz he will be one of the first contacted by the government when the aliens attack.
They must save him to save awesome.
because they're idiots!!!!!
some company would be nice tho
Last summer I fell while biking.
Not the smartest move.
My knee still hurts.
Born on this day also known as the late: Liberace, Henry Fonda.
So this Chick fil A is open today though!
Cakesy, sorry to hear about Belle.
16 years is a great run.
Thoughts and prayers to your family.
Dying to see 1D this summer!
Happy graduation to me?
Playing in Portland Maine tonight with some cool bands.
Early show, we go on at 7pm.
I would always sleep on my stomach....
then i grew boobs
at April's sales pace, it would only take just over 6 months to absorb the current supply of apartments on the market
Mini nap b4 work
How often do you purchase cosmetics?
Another evening in on my own with toothache.
Ho hum.
Tramadol and Star Trek it is.
Jesus, I need to get out more!
Thx for the
I need to get on my twitter game
Must become a skinny girl again, for my health  NOT for men.
Jumping headfirst into the healthy bullpen.
Let's do it together, girlfriend!
seems like a cheap price....is that because it is so far down Brawley School??
but you can send some joints to my email.
Short hiatus from twitter and so many fab new health followers!
Welcome!
Wow, breaks yet another major story with spoton accuracy.
Impressive.
Im a lounge lizard.
Who is the scariest musician ever?
true dat u r funny lol ;
OMG!!
Just saw Justin Bieber's boyfriend music video it is so AMAZING!!!
I have a serious problem with liking tan girls..
was it awkward because the machine was too cute?
Im ready for sexynesss!!
Oh my ovaries!!!
which car are you doctorving?
Richt: ...you can still oversign with 25.
...
The question is everybodys integrity.
...
Are we all going to do things in the right way?
Is it a good book?
I'm about to start reading it for English.
you got a link by any chance?
On a side note per earlier topic nice to live in Titletown where the next playoffs start on Sun
Usual Suspects on HBO.
This film is fucking magnificent.
Got to watch from very beginning.
this week is good for me !
so much to catch up on.
doctornks downtown after work?
you know where all the hot spots are :
I listen to everything: so your band is metal?
Any shows coming up?
even if they aint got one lol
A Calipari team shooting FTs well?
Next thing you know, all of these wins won't be vacated in 3 yrs...
You really need to have your own sitcom!!!!!!!!!!!!
Listen deeply.
Remember truthfully.
Act bravely.
Hope relentlessly.
wise words from at 's commencement on sat.
had to go get your allowance huh!?
Chayse
thanks for the report.
our support team is in contact with their API team to report this to them.
Info snacking you never have to be bored.
You check in with your games, friends, etc during spaces of time
Also :D But were still good friends, i know my mom especially and she won't like the fact that I'm Bi...
Didn't Go To School Today :D But My Body Is HURTING A Lot D;
They're recording these, so you'll be able to see the videos later :
There's a problem here between user as a term of art in design and its colloquial use.
we're so cool
Nuggets playbyplay man Chris Marlowe joins The Score at 7:45 AM to talk about NBA Finals Game 7 and Nuggets offseason moves...
AM1510
I swear everyone is using Omegle at this moment.
Your tweet has started a movment.
MY GF ASKED WAT IF THAT DVD DNT WORK.MY RESPONCE.THEN UMA TAKE IT OUT AN PUT SOME ELSE IN...RETWEET IF U GET IT OR JUS FOLLOW
TONIGHT  TECHNOLOGY CUBED with Special Guest DJ's J.
Bowra, Turtlefeet!, Zim  Kevin Kirkland along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
follow and please :D x77
what the heck...
Loved the Big Ben/Hoiles story.
BTW, we need a 3rd baseman here RT It was incredible to be a part of that!
Do you think it would work for your head?
PR firms are like flea markets: some offer delightful discoveries and genuine value while others have half empty bottles of shampoo.
Ik its so weird;
sounds good.
I'll be by sometime this week

vice city was my favorite
: what!?!
Looks like I have some research to do
Don't worry the Reds will do better against the Cards later in the year
appreciate all the support!
Thx for the RT.
Been quite a while since I said hi.
Have you finally visited San Diego yet?
Would love to show you around.
edu anyone have good examples of moving student orientation to university online instead of inperson format?
Holy shit, the original Pokmon theme song is on my old iPod.
Memories...
have a nonprofessort in the works that require quite a bit of event planning.
shut ur mouth
I'm gonna die!!!
thatawkwardmoment when you don't know if that's a girl or a guy
Candidate must possess a minimum of 57 years experience working as a fulltime operator in a legal word processing department.
Crowning moment!!!
: Yayayayaya!
Let the best kiddo win!
3 Even though they're all winners in my book...because they gave me candy ;
Digital Sky Technologies, a Russian Internet investment co.
plans to purchase 100 million of Facebook's common stock at 14.77 per share.
Agreed, I'm just saying is LGBT ppl are like everyone else, we are not special individuals.
MT no community
Can I read the Bork Laser picture book I'm writing/illustrating?!
yeah i know, but its spelled adam
Ah, just arrived...now it is time to harass Mark at the Supertraining booth.
For those seeking a bigger bench, check out his Slingshot!
IfIRuledTheWord I'd make sure , , , ,  had it made.
could have everything
Hey, happy holidays...did you get your bbq on this week?!
right back at ya cuz i so know ur talking to me;
Cool!
Love to hear more about it!
Glad you're asking...
not yet though.
Come on down to KC!
T : Do you have any distribution of that product here in...
I do feel bad about the deer but they didn't show up for their day in court.
Your so cocky!
Why would you put you own name in there?
Lol RT : Kanye West JayZ Eminem gt; any of your favorite rappers
a cookie from subway
The type of legacy I want to leave behind is the kind that starts out in diapers and grows up to be awesome
Follow my friend
Hey Claudia, I'm in Gainesville, going to WPBeach and Miami in the coming week.
Any of those, really.
Thanks!
how's life?
Go to Colorado yet!!?
Seriously?
My phones messed up again?
Fuck today.
such an adorable picture!
Happy Mothers Day to MammaCena :D
Tracy  libraries are obsolete but librarians are not.
My junior prom theme was Dancing in the Moonlight.
I feel ripped off.
Had to stand outside of the outback waiting for the rain to stop  then make a run for it cause it didn't stop.
Now i'm SOAKED .
When you're sitting there with your pants around your ankles think about all the shit you want out of your life and flush it away.
a roger waters fan, too?
be still my heart!
I'm hungry.
Get.
In.
Mah.
Belly!
shannon..remeber, we've one the past 2 times the flyers scored first and all the other games we lost when we scored first
SIGN UP FOR YOBITV AND WATCH ME TAKE THE STAGE!!
that's great to hear, Jenny.
Is the term already over?
Going to Dave Matthews Band and Tool concerts this summer.
Listening to live performances to get ready.
Got my middle finger up, ask m how I feel.
I just couldn't give a fuck, travis tmills ...3
Trying times are not the time to stop trying
Great show tonite!
So nice to get a chance to thank you for appearing on the Inverse Delirium Podcast.
Thanks!
I'm pretty lucky to have superamazing customers who get what I do and why I do it.
shut up meagan
im about BUNGEEJUMP out of the office window
Like maybe if the AC was on in this place I wouldn't be such a fucking bitch
Blazin Steaks in Windward City is hiring.
FOLLOW SHONTA MCKINNEY  COMPLETELENGTH ON TWITTER, FIND OUT ABOUT NEW GREAT DEALS.....
So its great that egypt has no president, but now what???
I am very interested in using it just for my internal staff.
I see contests in my coworkers future.
u n me both lol asap!!!
65 of consumers already feel overwhelmed with too many marketing messages.
Notre Dame grad tried to correct my English today.
Not having it.
Those days are over.
Come down to Grand ave and see all the cool stuff!
THINGS ARE GREAT BETWEEN MY MAN AND I he's white
Wonderful message, Taoli I appreciate that wisdom!
Great balls of fire?
So impressed with the fantastic work has done this semester.
Seniors, you will be greatly missed.
Spring fever  February flu.
you the one on his dick not me lol
Looking forward to meeting all y'll in September.
NBC Smash is great tonight!
Last episode before the finale
I'm on up outa bed.
What have I missed.
Is there anytweeps talkin about the football yet ?
Can I please hit you in the face...
with my foot?
hard.
def!
Tell me when.
Let's set up a photo shoot soon w
lol that shit didn't make it no where
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes.
Art is knowing which ones to keep.
Adams, Scott
: nope you had to be done with it already.!
:P lolz jk
The Leisure Pool opens in four days!!!!
Hallelujah!!
and things are only ever done if you can cross them off your list so...
I know  uploading Night Shades on website 04/13/2012
Social Media Marketing question.
Are Twitter trending called PP or PPT?
or just SMM?
I hate that.
I had someone check in at my house once...
um...
No!
RT : Someones the mayor of my work on 4SQ they dont even...
ah I have always wanted to play that game with you!!!!!
Can I play with you too?!?!
:D
if you would like a download of the album of your choice, or ebook, and would like to recieve future newsletters, send an email addoctorss.
Speaker just referenced his mother.
Clearly understands that his audience is 85 female.
, you get us.
Kentucky by double digits!
originally from Jersey, so naturally, i'm rooting for Tree of Life
its blaze we got work to do get at me.
i work late so we gotta get together late holla
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike
Clearly Robin wanted to limit the Sox chances to score with Alexei, Dunn, and Konerko coming up.
....pretty pathetic.
This guy keeps on digging his hole deeper and deeper.
Auditioned for my first Christmas commercial of the year today.
Then walked out to my car where it was 98 degrees.
Excited to annouce that Masonite has been voted the 2012 Golden Hammer Award for the Doors category!
So than you know exactly what I'm talking about!
All I want for Christmas plus two months is the new EP by
Hey guys FYI.
I mentioned all the stars and RTs I get at my last job interview and he really didn't give a shit.
Trying to teach my sister how to play call of duty
lol thnks.
thats cool.
wow i didnt know he was that old
Successful event!
Had a great time at the Komen breast cancer walk/run!
I was able to avoid getting sick...
until one too many sick people got close to me.
In Bugs Bunny's words, What's up doc?
:
If you want something, go for it
Recording this weekend 
Golf league rained out!
Photojournalists must do what it takes to get the image.
Learn to move quietly  swiftly in order to captainre images
Damn skippy you should!
what's good Red!!!
I am a manatee.
Thanks for coming out last night!
It was great to see you all.
Cant wait, I'll be at spring training same time too, see you there :
what baby?
She better hold him tight, give him all her love, look in those beautiful eyes  know she's lucky cuz he's the reason for the teardoctorps.
Congrats on reaching 80 countries!
So exciting!
Wish we could visit.
Heard song on this morning goin to school came late from
In Hong Kong, a BETRAYED WIFE is LEGALLY allowed to KILL her CHEATING adulterous HUSBAND but she may ONLY do so with her BARE HANDS.
make a calendar n stick to it.
People need too shut their mouths and grow upp..
honestly!
Today I learned that 14 million kids receive free or reduced price meals at school.
It's sad that it might be their only meal of the day.
I'll have them people at ya house..no questions asked

I are on our way
thanks for the mention!
Much appreciated!!
What is racism?
When the white iPhone costs more than the black.
your're welcome!
I'd rather have Rodney then
ITS 2 TUESDAY COME PARTY LADIES FREE TIL 11 FELLAZ 5 2 doctorNKS MAKING U LAUGH MAKING U GROOVE
A night that will live in infamy.
Now, someone hose that chick's puke off my car.
watching tv then head to work lol you are cute :
I don't have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullshit.
Too bad horses can't grow moustaches!
Got to be curious the thinking behind making a good portion of cesar chavez park completely unaccessible to people
omg I don't even remember how anymore lol.
I haven't dance to spanish music since I was like 9.
Where to brand yourself: In your performances, interviews, press kit
love u Sis
whats the point of writing a list, if you are going to forget the list :
Welcome back to Smashville!
Let's go Preds!!
Cop: how old are you?
McLovin: old enough...
Cop: old enough for what?
McLovin: to party
At Main Street with my sisters, and .
Watching The Raven, pretty scary movie, bro.
No, /you/ are a dead man.
At least your hair is.
Bristol Palin does fashion!?
See feature in June/July Harper's Bazaar.
lol can you stop
lol yes I do, so how's everything been going
RT : ex girlfriends do too much .
bitch you had him , you lost him ,  now the next bitch found him GTFO.
Jasmine!
Hey, LOL!!!
I couldnt tell who u were from that pick  u know its alot of spam on here.
How r u boo?
It's fun!
How is college treating you?
Ugh.
Not much anyone could do there.
Bears just suck.
I found my Bonnie.
Yes!
Finally!
RT  BREAKING NEWS: Sidney Crosby will play Thursday against the New York Rangers.
Closing the curtains and passing out for a nice little power nap
great post!
C and i were just on the jumbotron.
Go b's!
We interface now and then, but are not actively working together.
We should be though!
Wow my dad Just ditch Me to go to a party ugh......
Oh well going to the bar with my cousin then:
have a great day:
Yep.
Link will be up a little after the torrent portion starts.
yea!
aw, youre my brazilian beautiful friend 3
3WordsOfAdvice Put GOD First ??
.
Good Bye Blue and White
YouGetMajorPointsIf you can explain what ObamaDogRecipes is doing trending.
I'm not sure if there's a joke I'm missing or it's just random
hi guys
Thank you!
Happy Friday.
Feeling inspired tonight: Chicken Caramelized Onions  White Wine Sauce.
Butternut Squash Polenta.
Green Beans Shaved Parmesan
kol should have been the half time show
I thought for sure it was going to be in the litterbox.
It's the middle of December and I got my AC and 2 fans on...
Only in Florida.
.
I was at an intersection and a truck rammed into me
just might!!!
RT : Hope has an 11.5 still in the rocheruns when I get in town next weekend I need a pair
Or earlier if we're lucky!
Happy newyear!
RT Looking forward to seeing you this spring.
Cheers!
Hate those!
I hope you feel better when you wake up.
best of luck
haha chance is my dog!
top shelf margs?
And at this point in U.S.
history, political  bitter.
Kinda late....
But HAPPY NEW YEAR'S!!
Life is good today!
Hope everyone is having a wonderful weekend.
don't you and shannon love Jasper's?
Any recommendations?
We are going tonight.
K  J Magnetic's.inc...
Part number BZ082, and BZZ082 you do not get it, because it is being hidden from you.Iam tryingtogetitout.
New best friends with some Pikeville boys....hahaha starting off this night right
Nope.
I bought the last six pack of Blonde Ale : RT : you must not have been buying dos equis.
On Mothers day I think of mine, finally reunited with the only man she ever loved...
Teaser video and Posters coming out tonight for 's newest short film Badassery: The Tale Of Major  Raheem.
Stay Tuned!!!
Thursday already!
Where does the time go...
My Natitude is not good.
Better get a win before the Braves do!
So we are recording a NEW ACOUSTIC COVER tomorrow!
Any last minute suggestions of what song we should do!?
just doctorpped successful zinger.
Unfortunately it was off air, during the break.
I'm burning up sitting under this doctorer its been a hour and my hair still wet ass fuck smh!
RT : should follow because hes such a kentucky fan
Paramount Pictures is suing The Family Puzo over the novel THE FAMILY CORLEONE, based on Mario Puzo's screenplay for THE GODFATHER IV.
Is there any chance of surviving bedtime prep with the little ones?
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
My fingers are bruised.
doctorma, lies and tears Cheers to these teenage years
GLOBAL YELLOW PAGES : Incorporation of A New Subsidiary  Global YP Limited In ...
4traders
playing Family Feud on FB....
So happy I will be gettin on da road 2mister maybe like 4 to go back home!
GO BULLS
RT : As you can see, Rosales is here and in lineup.
Inge to 15day DL.
Congrats to choice as new Web Editor for ; faced with the job of making a big beautiful literary brick take flight.
Good Kissers
I Cried When i watched toy story 3
Wow i really need to go to bed...
ScaredConfused impedes progress.
grr your so mean .
your sign is ready for pickup in Pewaukee!
Oklahoma is awesome.
We double dog dare you to try and be bored this weekend.
In seattle bout to perform for microsoft..
Sick set up pic comin soon
Miss you, to!
it really was cold.
let us know if you're still coming.
Otherwise, see you next time!
Chocolate strawberries make life so amazing
I can't take it to the casket mind as well enjoy it while I have it
If you get a DM that someone is telling rumors about you, has a photo of you, etc DO NOT OPEN LINK.
Delete, tell sender they've been hacked.
I have Steele pan :/
3 Happy Mothers Day, Mary!!!
Feels good to be back at work.
Thanks for the follow!
Very interesting stuff you're working on  Looking forward to keeping in touch!
Sorry i didnt see this, but welcome
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
..what?
it's not december yet?
goes into a corner and cries
Woww...its February and STILL nosnow!!
:/
Follow me at for a shoutout in my next song !
ilikeyoubecause you know how to keep a conversation going!

is now following me on the Twitters!
HI there, Jamie Schillinger !
they had jj hardy, but let him go
why aren't you hanging with us this weekend?
The Charlotte Bobcats are hosting the Philadelphia 76ers tonight at the Time Warner Cable Arena.
Call us for game tickets: 8884930004
me either.
All I hear is AH!!!
ya...
Basically that.
Smiley faces after all of his phrases..either he the one or I'm caught in da matrix!
My ttweets sent backwards .
Happy Mothers Day!
What was the best dish your mom made for you?
travel your journey and leave your ego behind.
yea, Hinch!!!
Congrats on the new gig!
Rooting for you!
Just signed up for Pilates : going to get fit for EDC!
gearing up for ALA's Privacy  Youth Conference!
Gathering some great thinkers to discuss how to reach young people with privacy messages
This sleep thing is amazing.
I feel great.
I should get more.
How many of those peps there own houses back by FHA?
On average, how many phone screens do you conduct per opening?
What are your plans for the great Milwaukee weather?
The difference between a good idea and a great idea is followthrough.
Teresa Erwin Crane
I'm a bit befuddled by the Heckert noshow for the combine news.
Unless he is seriously ill, why is he missing a 5 day event?
Hey, I've been a bit busy.
Just because i don't tweet doesn't mean i'm not online..
3
It's not a good meal if you don't take a dump soon after
who would've thought a land rover commercial could be so depressing?
DS: if you don't hate Peter Angelos, you're not a diehard Orioles fan.
If you like Peter Angelos, let us know so we can report you as spam.
You have to wait six months to purchase a fuel efficient automobile made from overseas.
10mins Till Birthday...
Whoo Uploading My Video Now!!
I got the Bulls vs Lakers in the Finals.
I think this is going to be Kobe's last run but the Bulls take it 6.
HIT EM LIKE A BROTHA AND RUN LIKE A MUTHA
ONLY smoke blunts anything else is a waste weedcommandments imjustsayin bowls joints and bongs burn your shit up to fast
You are such a meat.
Here at the Libertarian meeting in Fort Myers someone commented that I was a hands on candidate interesting unlike Obama who is hands off
Rewriting day around traffic issues with presidents visit.
thought I had figured this out.
Following pg administrators live tweets of event.
jen is lame
Craving A big chocolate mall ;
I feel the need.
The need for weed.
Let me get this straight lebron get calls but paul gettin hacked is a no call smh
Aw shucks thanks Lynessa!
I appreciate you stopping by ; RT Now following Love your website!
According to my neighbor's girlfriend, his name is Michael You'reSuchaFuckingLiar.
Sounds Native American.
2 favorite artists at LBCC 
CATCH ME  RELIC 2NYT, WE GOT A LOT OF BIRTHDAYS 2NYT!
god bless you wonderful iconiacz who make great fanfics 
If you are humbly aware of all your wrong doing......You will always be right:
why are all your guys friends hot?
Share please
Whay should I sing for the IYG talent show....
Skyscraper...or Im Yours
I'm not entirely certain if that is legal, but it would make for an interesting appeals process
Welcoming some new followers!
Not sure how much you want the reading to inform our thoughts, or our thoughts to inform our reading.
I'm def the latter.
haha I knew it wouldn't take you long!
New Incubus is pretty good.
U wild!
: nothing but ass lmao nothing j/k
and Happy Cinco De Mayo ....
goin out soon for some Coronas ??
is there another Mexican beer available ??
IDK !!
cant wait till i get my car!
Thx everyone for coming to our reading at !
And thx to the lovely and talented readers!!
feeling the love on Valentine's Day.
xo
Any artist looking to advance their career visit www.iTunesExposure.com
RT : Marian gets laid tonight, but by how many girls?
Because It's The Cup.
happy mothers day
Check out our new album reign of the peng.
Its funky as heck.
Penguins should not be in cages.
On day they will bust out and rule the world
Just saw a shower of pollen float across the sky...SO happy I don't have allergies
I don't even talk about it boy I just do it.
Great team effort, awesome to be winning and also getting quality minutes for the young guys.
your welcome :'
MY Diamond Studded Tweeps
Tonight!
On the red eye.
Dinner  then the 'port I go!
Watching HAPPYGOLUCKY.
Always loved Mike Leigh and can't believe I missed this one.
Spectacular!
I miss my baby girl 3
That awkward moment when you're watching a movie with your parents and a sex scene occurs
secret plans.....
Officials probe fire at Tyler Perry39;s Atlanta studios
wishing I could spend Easter with the fam: but so glad I'm going home with this weekend!
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which, in prosperous circumstances, would have lain dormant.
Horace
haaha!!!!
Just reply that way anyway.
Hey you kids, get off of my lawn!
Studies.
My professoris a former ambassador to the UN, she can get us in anywhere.
Also I'm looking at grad schools, Georgetown 2day
Midlands car parts firm enjoying Jaguar Land Rover boom
Me too.
I'm hungry.
Who has fresh baked cookies to share?

I think you should go out  play some tennis immediately after install.
No?
Not a good idea?
:  pushes close doors on elevators when I hear people yell hold that elevator HAHA ME TOO!
That's fcked up!
good job messing up something that made you extremely happy, Trevor.
whydontyoufollowyourheart?
I thought you were heading down to the big easy for the SECTourney?
The only thing I can't stand is discomfort.
Gloria Steinem
: I had to be obnoxious Bethany...but your being a good sport so ill stop
does facilitation work at all levels
Teardoctorps on my guitar 3
we'll have some street art in the Refocus: Art of the 1980s exhibition this fall  there may b some programming opportunities
Needs to storm!
Still shaking my head over the change at Virginia Tech.
Absolutely Ridiculous!
Have copies as the competition will definitely have theirs.
Start a relationship as well, something substantive.
The woman that bruno's working w/ tweeted about Nashville...if bruno's with her OHMYGOD
I did.
Maybe Kickstarter refused to fund the Huldufolk Sing Sinatra project even though they were only a few bucks short?
Y'all should check out EMP!
It's the crazy colored.
twisty building right next door to the Space Needle : 
I thought you were doing twenty rounds?
I had to restrain myself from live tweeting S2: Ep.
7 of Downton Abbey.
What kind of strange horror have I become?
To my East Coast friends stay safe and hang on tight.
I will keep you in my prayers.
Paint the world with imagination..
beautiful!
Thanks
We've posted a few things on the website and facebook  more to be added tomorrow.
Sleep well!
likewise, school didn't start but a few months ago over in ES, so I am all out of whack ..LOL
Never knew it was possible for a person to walk so slow
Broadcasting live from Mo's Irish Pub downtown this morning for St Patty's, holy doctornk peeps already!
I'm always myself even around the guy I like.
And he likes me for me.
Not someone Else
Why does it wait until February 12, 2012 to get cold??
Doesn't that suck?
you can take me on a date when I'm in ptown.
;
love, like true spirituality, is uniquely intimate.
Media Production Volunteers  meeting tomorrow at 11:30!
See you there!
The Royal Calendar: May 3, 2012
doctornks with the girls at Bistro 31
Thank you very much!
Walk of shame from ma girl friends room.
dennis the menace
is the RIT game on tv?
its not on Twc channel 26 like it says
Watching NBA AllStar weekend with the fam
We got them winning tonight  Best of luck to you
RT : It looks like ima b stuck n the house all night!!!!
: losing me too doublelosing!
you just blew me away on theVoice Amazing.
You're voice is something from out of this world.
Q7  Why did you call it radioactive?
you think they have one without the logo on it?
Back in the burbs !
Maria make me food right now please
sun in SF??
stop it.
you lyin!
I love that song too!
:
Happy Valentines Day Amanda!
xoxoxox
Do we stand timid at the foot of our machines stupefied by rapid evolution?
Are we unconsciously constructing our beasts of burden?
At Georgetown University, Patrick Ewing was one of the first college players to start on the varsity team as a freshman.
You know what this means.
is going through the real South Park.
LADIES: if you could be a guy for 1 day, what would you do?
What would you have fun with?
Call DIAZ at 5025719898 or comment here...
Wow so much new music on the way :!
Can you help me get newly purchased program working for desktop?
It says it could not connect to Twitter authentication system
true.
And what kind of taking care of do u need?
Merry Christmas to everyone.
May you have a blessed day!
haha ok.
I wouldn't either
The Bulls had their chance in game 3.
Can't blame an injury when you let a 14point lead evaporate.
RT : My pdx clear wimax was not routing this morning.
Why?
Because upon trying to connect they redirect to an upsell pitch!
u doctornk?!
; RT: Props to  for reminding me that I have some pretty great friends.
Love you guys.
Churchill Downs' mentions Ed Reinke, our beloved photographer who died last year.
Q: Does an archive of social movement ephemera necessarily constitute an art historical category?
what special is that?
I love papa johns.
Songwriter/SingerRB Debut Album So Sin Cere distributed by Island Def Jam Available on itunes,Nokia,Amazonmp3,Napster
Fantasy Factory!:
Shower time then Derek's fundoctoriser event.
Gotta keep a tight schedule.
Busy day ahead :
no.
Just first hour.
lol i got them shell toes all black everything
Not much!
How are you?
DAMN KOBE
ATTN neighborhood junk peddlers: Once your sale is over, those 17 signs u left on every corner become specifically placed litter
Falling asleep to my fave tunes tonight...just like the old days.
:
I  orange juice so much  that it can't be normal, lol.
open up your ears and hear this
Thought of the day: I think hospitals and clinics should encourage athletes to get physicals and scans so tragic events can be avoided.
I love you babe hurry home
Love the weather!
Liam once invited his whole class to his house for a party  no one came Sorry I can't hear you over the sound of my HEART BREAKING
we dowhat we can.
Love ya ed!!
Best DJ evar
woohooooo!
You should prob have kept all the winnings and not shared
We Bought a Zoo was an awesome movie :
Hmm didn't know that was an option, or that everyone got their line simultaneously.
Thought it was based on location...
Which appetizer is better  Pizza or Flatbread?
Its frustrating looking for a new place to live in LA but overall its a good day with my love.
how can your name be Antonio and you're not fat...mind fucked
To watch the rest of the Oscars or go to sleep ridiculously early?
Sad part is, I'm halfway to 1 of these things.
I swear im so glad I dont have kids cause half the people who do have them dont fuckin know how to raise them
It'll be cool to have a 3D tv in the class.
Great for Science.
Kids can look at 3D molecules etc.LBSC 642
Cockburn: doctorgons Forever is the greatest martial arts court room doctorma ever made.
with the roomies!
and
but have no band, you're right, hear and not forming a band with my friends.
workout tapes, probably cooking a massive meal, applying all of my new products from fabulous Saturday :
With the venomous kiss you gave me I'm killing loneliness With the warmth of your arms you saved me 3
I was there during your last shift.
You looked super busy
What a douchebag.
Typical Patriot RT : Happy Birthday Gary Coleman !!!
Yeah DiddyVoice take that !
take that !
HERE COMES THE PAIN!
You are giving away monkeys?
How did I miss this?
o, that is a good topic.
Now how to measure that....
Rootbeer floats...
Sweet
just hoping the tv doesn't go through a window.
Don't forget, Greg Shibley will be playing Acoustic Guitar Thursday Night from 7pm to 9pm.
Keep San Diego courts agendafree.
Reelect Judges Longstreth, Lewis, Wohlfeil  Salcido.
It's important.
Really.
Pretty sure The Rock's rider says he will be oiled up at all times.
I've still got the same wife I started out with twentyeight years ago
Culture doesn't exist solely in the brain of your CEO.
You need to help them define it ...
live it
I've got some...
I'd bring them and sit behind HP for Fielder if the Tigers were playing the Brewers this year ;
Happy new year  be safe!!!
party time
OH YES
Took care of my succulents today.
Looks like I have a bunch of babies to give away once their roots set up all nice.
Any takers?
I CANT WAIT FOR BELIEVE!!!
: IM SO PROUD OF HOW FAR YOU HAVE GOTTEN.
ProudBelieber 33 Follow me...NeverSayNever Right?
;
Titles I'm seeing frequently: New Talent Director, Talent Aquisition, Talent Recruiter, ...
Not seeing this title: Talent Developer :Why?
read the article about you in Duquesne's magazine.
So happy it started here!
Cheers to you and makers ofdays everywhere.
omfg there are people in my school like obsessed with korean music like wtf
To everyone who attended National Media Market, please keep in mind our sale ends on December 15th.
You've got 1 month to submit POs.
FACEBOOK USERS, ADD MY PAGE Chic De Chick, IT IS A FASHION BLOG, PLEASE ADD MEH, THANK YOU 3
Everything that's happened I deserve it, I'm learning my lesson
TextsThatGetYouScared can i ask you something :
its what eye do best
Brown Line to Lakeview.
first to look at some gear, then for some Spurs football.
COYS thfc Beat Newcastle!
Number nine on our Father's Day List is for a cultivated dude.
The History of Jazz by Ted Gioia.
You know your dad was a hipster too!
you want Starbucks?
I might go get something
Is there a Mercy rule in hockey?
Blue Jackets should wave the white flag
the judge only agreed to give me time...
to compensate for the family's lost...
Hang in there.
everything is gonna work out.
im A1 everything ':
My next destination might be LA though.
al Queda planned to hijack cruise ships.
72 virgins wasnt enough to offset getting on a ship where Kathie Lee Gifford was the entertaiment
I did not.
I had a buttermilk bar.
It was awesome.
so excited, really its kind of about time.
I have like 25gb between all my cloud services now though :
i can get temp guardianship but not custody,until the mother and father both goto court for neglect.ill settle 4 anything rt now
Karenga, cheikh anta diop, etc...I feel like there is an arts management canon but it remains a mystery to me
Gobbling up my greens.
Big Blue defense was on point today!!
NY GIANTS BABY!!
AFRA WHY ARENT YOU FOLLOWING FOOL?
KEN
thanks so much for the green love!
I just got my invite to Wave!!
finally.
It's cold in my room fr fr
thank you for that Lucy
just did my hair its a different hair style for me i will post a picture.
I just been fighting with myself about something and I dont want to say it on twitter
we are excited to have you!
I'm sorry that you guys broke up : /3
Thanks, I appreciate it!
Find out more details about my campaign  www.votehenrybrim.com
Serious.
Green bag photo.
Should be art!
I would hang it on my wall.
Omg my server at frischs has a reverse mullet party in the front business in the back
you know it!
From the pasture: you must have found some damn good carnie lovin'!!!
nevermind forgot you weren't in studio
Can't believe spring break is almost over!!!!
congratulations !
: you're so lucky that Eleanor tweeted you x
where you at boo boo bear
So classy you little bum...hoes and bitches belong with each other:
In shock...
Such a tragedy...
Gone too soon.
RIP Whitney Houston.
I will always love you....
3
you should!!
takeover the episode recaps on glee
naw bruh this was like 3 years ago man.
Got connects now
I have never seen that.
That trailer was amazing.
I think everyone at Runyon appreciated me playing love is a contact sport by Whitney Houston on speaker
Thanks, glad you like the coffee blog!
eddie vedder is such a perfect human
I don't think the counter is big enough to accommodate that!
congratulations Laural!
What great news!
Female Stalkers  blocked
OMG when did she perform this?!
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com go and register and get full access to all the hockey games tonight and always, enjoy the games!!!
What the hell are you talking about?
David Yow  Badass
I just can't watch that stuff anymore!
maybe I'm a wuss!
Blushing Thank you!
RT : Thanks for coming!
The information was great!
It's not to late to join us!
Hey wait, would that last post have allowed the US Government to shut down via SOPA?
Summer Paradise..
Three more days to say in Milwaukee
Just got back from Occupy  am in my warm house, with now doctor clothes  get to sleep in a warm, doctor bed.
I am grateful for what I have.
We have a massive surprise for Kylestock this year!!
You better come if you want to see it.
I swear you do not want to miss out!
triangles are great shapes, eh?
oh come on, your at least a 5;
Let the pages turn
I think I've found my second calling though  bridal gown model!
I worked all of those doctorsses.
RT : Hello everyone, happy to be here tonight for Smallbizchat with on mobile marketing.
You're going to use it for Disney on Ice, aren't you?
how goes it
working on a beautiful Friday....
Why am I inside again?
Scope an author went well!
tommydonbavand was awesome  enjoyed jakehalpern too.
How my mind thinks 5 page essay?
Google
Demetri Martin was the surprise special guest at last nights show!
Called in by PARADIGM to audition for a Time Warner Cable commerical after meeting Stacey Mayer at Breakthrough Studios last week.
Is anyone interested in interviewing bands?
If you are, hit me up!
Too many people in my house to focus on my work 
Mark Davis has a dog in this fight.
ha ha nice.
Thanks for the input.
Today Show is interviewing Mike Lupica abt his new bookGame Changers
Livin' large!
Bought 100 ft.
Cat6 cable at lunch today.
Don't be jealous...
stayed home whoop whoop !
we've been great!
how've you been?
row u seat 20 section 117
Just watched a seahorse give birth in Marine Biology...weirdest thing ever
that's awesome I'm glad your happy!
Miss you.
I'll need your addoctorss so we can send letters like we used to!
A burl is sort of a tumor growing out of a tree.
So  a pretty badass nickname.
we're spending three nights in Rome, then coming back a few days later for one night.
can u recommend us two neighborhoods?
Happy Birthday Posh Spice!
scratch that!
are my newest Bestfriends!
Haha
I truly appreciate the RT!!!
: THANKS!
Gentleman, to your corners!
It's an instinct, which makes it rather elusive
no, you don't have swag.
stop.
Awsome the opening !
Last Night...
was fuckin great !
I'm talking about your Rivals days  the days of Marve, Greenstone, etc.
Again, though, why pick a fight with Jesse?
Nervous.
BIG meeting in T minus 23minutes....
Meeting up with our new producer tomorrow to go over demo tracks..we think he will like them
Thanks for the props!
Fujifilm X Pro 1.
It's lovely so far.
Wanted something less bulky than my Nikon d300.
thanks!
Great to finally hang out and work with you and !
Looking forward to more!
And soon!
AMKS Trivia Quiz Group: What does it mean to hold a world record?
1 point visit our site to view responses.
Great prize to the winners!
as always, we'd appreciate any Retweets and mentions.
More than anything we want to converse with out audience.
So let us know if you have ?
yes we do!!
Call or text whenever:D
Ok I'm tired!
Going to take a nice shower and ko.
Goodnight y'all!
Muah :
Weapon Defense is an Weapon Defense providing women with confidence to use weapons might be afraid to use.
About four months from now BIG BROTHER 14 will begin!
ARE YOU READY?
Public performance TODAY at 3pm at Broadway Comedy Club.
Almost sold out!
Join us today for some hilarious improv comedy for all ages.
you're onfoodfire tonight!
woo!
Good!
I'll bet she was every girl needs a cookie after her ballet recital :
Thanks for inviting my mom, Sylvia Smith, to visit with you in Bangor,ME!
Hope you played well.
why?
Lack of oxygen, temp, or pressure???
haha funny how things like height don't convey online!
thanks love!!
I hope I'm off in time for bible study
VegasRoast zee is so Persian she has to get her forehead waxed hahaha.
we will respond to your email tomorrow.
Short answer is: it's a complex matter...but keep going!
can't argue w/ tht
did just say she has a VIRTUAL style package for customers outside of atl?!
Now THAT is how you run a business!!
Lighthouses rule.
If you don't like lighthouses you suck.
naw i like it
Sure thing!
Thanks!
: Happy Friday!
About 69 percent of our trash goes immediately into landfills.
And most landfill trash is made up of containers and packaging.
Wait for it..
you used to be one of those hoodlums...
lol
Movement Of This Audemars Piguet Oak Watches  golfshops
Big Mike!
What's up?
Been busy offline but, I'm back!
How have you been doing?
IVY: When things are public and have to sign their names to things, the discourse becomes more courteous.
Kinda wishing this email would write itself.
I've rewritten it five times already.
Roll Tide!
Our twitter page is up and running.
Follow us for availability and special deals!
The fact that my privates are all the way on the east side  my trainers not even cute 
Wait wait wait.
Not a genius, but financially savvy.
NCORE2012 is just around the corner!
You'll notice our new logo and will soon be seeing some updates to the website.
This sounds like a great program.
Did it continue through your first year of teaching?
: WeStoppedTalkingBecause hearing your voice started to become more painful than the cruciatus curse.
Dear Santa, please bring me the contents of my local West Elm store for Christmas  or just a giftcard would be nice too!
Not picky!
JK :
I do not regret anything in my life, there is no place for shame!
Jason misterz is the man
Got 3 GC games at gamestop, buy 2 get one freeTrue Crime NYC, Simpsons Road Rage, and Fight Night rnd 2...
What is now proved was once only imagined.
lol Enjoy!
It's worth the wait!
short notice.
Brewer game?
Free tickets, sect 111.
set that up, so I defer to him!
it's not a movie, you don't know til it's over.
Come up here.
Oh my am I hungry.
great Sausage, and my daughter LOVED brick  see you again soon
Mfs joked around and said they'd come to work Monday during this NATO Summit shit and got what they wished for.
Stupid mfs...
Does ADHD change with age?
Do kids ever outgrow it?
added you :
YAH man!!!
We have plenty of space here in ktown if u wanna crash with 2 nerds and a bunny
There will be an informational meeting about Study Abroad Russia on Mon., January 23 at 2 pm in Manoogian 443.
I have an Aunt that used to send us puff painted sweatshirts for xmas for like 10 years in a row.
Ha.
lol what :P
Movie and a nice glass of Malbec at home to relax from the week.
Is that a bayonet covered with Mayo?
happy 2 tweet you!
Would love to tell u about our ecommerce system that would be great 4 some of your clients!
I keep running into 5fingers.
But not running IN 5fingers..yet.RT : I can now get my Vibram shoes on a fast as regular shoes now.
yes please!!
I can do Thursday?
scratch me!!!
I'm itchy!!!
was there not enough support?
There may be a transition period...
Haven't been on in a while.
Thank you for coming!
JUST GOT OUT DA LAB...
MIXTAPE JUST GOT FINISHED...THE GUAPATHON COMIN SOON FOR FREE ...FUCK WIT IT HA
RT : Text and chat services can help begin to addoctorss health disparity issues  yes!
OneThingIDontLike people who talk the talk but don't walk the walk
RT : Ethiosoccer will be held in DC  follow for more info July 1st  July 7th,2012!!!!!!!
Taco Run Today:
:D great minds ;
RT : Q3.
What is your favorite place to do some peoplewatching while working out?
thanks!
will check in the a.m.
Trying to stay out of the office this weekend ;
do you have a facebook page?
I am pretty sure I have alot of friends that would be intrigued!
what's your source???
o thank you
It was a great Easter weekend !
What beach did you go to?
Bet it was a fun trip.
:
Thx so much!
I need a bonfire in the near future
Open House at 4pm this Friday in Patterson Hall at University of Memphis!
Come meet the Pinch staff!
why is Brooke wearing red and black!!!!!
Who is she rootin for?
Just tapped, Russian River Brewing Damnation Belgian Golden Ale 3 pints 10 growler
girls its so old I use to watch it wit my grandmother I love it thi
From those trees that are just the right height, apparently.
Excellent as always!
Really cool stuff with suggestion of incorporating video so childoctorn can see themselves in action!
I think a bath and a deep condition therapy to my hair then straight off to bed will do me good.
Hey it's basketball and baseball season, NOT football.
Give the pigskin a rest!
Makes me wonder if he has a family to feed, or just hasn't eaten in a long time
What would you say is the official  on the Rachid scale??
RT : The ratchedness is so potent here MIAAIRPORT
theres only certain times that i like listening to dubstep
Checking out a new location for our Thursday afterwork event.
Should be fun.
Dealing with Cy Paulino and Cleveland starting innings with two outs is not fun.
Can't get enough of what u got!
I be goin hard like 7 days a week
Everyone hug you mommas today!
:
great meeting you tonight!!!
Btw...I'm stealing your purse:
Stuck in traffic on 360 but at least The English Beat are playing on the radio.
um bored
On today's TBLMS Trauma Queens LIVE, Spot Collins, Ava Dudani  Miles East.
Check it  12 noon
I just voted for Friendship Circle Sf to win 250k on Chase Community Giving!
what did you say?
Girls : Being jealous and clingy is NOT cute guys.
Max is good at super smash bros jfc
might be time to put the old girl down.
Shes got a bad case of the divs.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone.
no sorry.
But can you promo me 30x and i will 30x
indyfringe fans having Fringe withdoctorwal  head up to this weekend.
Lots of great shows just a short doctorve away.
Thanks John.
I really appreciate the plug!
I'm just starting a new ep.
Would love to include your happy mug if you're willing.
:
WhatILoveAboutTwitter is that I don't have to see 50 likes and 20 dumb comments every time someone writes the sky is blue today.
Just made executive decision .!
I'm going to sxsw !
Why not ove got a flight...just need a room ..rsvpd for 50 parties..
Everyone is reporting a Santorum win in Louisiana, however they also state no precincts have reported.
Re: Paperwork  That is the unfortunate consequence of policymakers, not clinicians, attempting to create the rules.
Between you and me, there are wildfires.
glad you can attend!
meredith's sessions should be great as always!
Thank you for your support!
Hey this is wassup follow me .
i 3 you KAORU!
he's so cool.
hahah honest mistake.
If you were serious, I would have considered that one of the heaviest tweets ever.
good deal.
Started Crossfit back today
thanks Andoctor!
:
Intermission at THE NEWS.
I am really impressed with what JacobTV is doing.
I think I have discovered a kindoctord spirit.
I think this may be the most TRUE thing I've ever read!
When you ASSume...
You make a ASS out of yourself...
true my mom told me not all people not ment to be N your life forever but only for season..
you should follow me on instagram :
they're better with Cream.
Reading 'Romeo  Juliet' again :x
Please tell your pants it's rude to point.
Love is not temporary.
Love does not fail.
Love does not fade away.
Love is forever.
Btw did u listen to remixes for the 2 singles?
that bit of knowledge helps bridge gaps that visitors might encounter and other interpreters may not know how to approach.
Sounds good, I'm seeing I can a movie to rent.
Take care talk to you later.
PS, thanks for the email LOL
We're taking over Greenwich Village Occupy Thompson St.
w/Chess Sets!
Moon looks rull good right now.
Can't wait to leave class.
And it barely got started.
Oh wait.
Didn't even start yet
AND wtf u mean dis man killed a kid and not in jail...what kind of shit is dat...and dey know where he live?...
love the banana cream tart!
Change your thoughts and you change your world
I hate Francesa also,so arrogant!
missed the cannes press  my opp 2 get tic 4 premiere, but may come to the majestic 2 c y'all off or is it 2 late?
dang
I wish doctorams were like wishes, and wishes came true, because in my doctorams, Im always with you.3
Gave up on red line and doctorve to work.
All of MUBB with the 3 goggles at the time out!
He did not deserve a mercy killing anyway.
He was a criminal and died in a humiliating manner that he deserves.
Developer of Wilson Park, Harry O.
Wilson was a prominent black banker, office still stands at 437 W.
Franklin St.
well said.
:
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 51
Just unfollowed hella people on this account
Due to circumstances beyond my control, I cannot guarantee my presence.
But let me know where.
Chocolatecovered raisins for breakfast?
Sure, why not.
ok c: thank you kind sir c;
: What happen to you?
Sick as a fucking dog
Joining the innovation talk: Led by former pro baseball player/current OMB John Farmer
Perfect.
Oh my lordy.
TEACH ME HOW TO PLAY PIANO MADISON.
;
Standing outside the office bldg where I used to work, had to give God some PRAISE for being set free from 2 dayjobs a year ago!
Happy Birthday!!
!
I hope its an amazing 19th birthday!!
love ya!!
:
May 6,1952: Anthony MontagueBrowne asked What do I do if PM is taken ill?
Answer: Send for Lord Moran and he will send for a doctor.
Wife, do you need a wake up call maana?
A quick double espresso from the truck on 23rd and even skanky 23rd street looks rosy.
I think we are all ready for that
cancel that.
Sitting with a broke down car in Everett  you're a VW owner so I know you feel my pain!
Hi.
My name is doctornk.
Do not let me swim in pools.
I will doctorwn.
You guys want them, and we're willing to make them!
1,000 likes on facebook means TANK TOPS!
be ready for Sunday.
We need u
well said
no rest for the wicked, man.
Trying not to puke on myself.
Really, really trying.
The serving size for One A Day VitaCraves is 2 gummies...
doesn't that defeat the whole purpose of One A Day?
Marketing projects managed by committee typically lack creativity, focus and persuasion.
It's Queen day in Holland We don't have a Queen day in America allthough when I go to midtown I see so many of them
Like the Darth Vader warning.
Thanks for sharing.
Already made my day.
Omg.
Last nights episode of Shameless was crazy!!!
that's just how it should be.
We didn't do our job gettin you doctornk enough..lol
is this real enough for you?!?!
Shout out right back atcha!
is it like a cheap room because thats what im looking for?
Pioneers escape with the 6150 victory over the Jaguars in the quarterfinal round of the SBC's.
Recap to come soon.
I agree wholeheartedly; unfairly maligned.
Call/text me repeatedly after I don't answer the first 15 times so I know it's real...
Oh boy..
I'm In
haha oh oops!
Never mind then!
And Katie, we don't leave til Monday!
I'm excited though!!
If thats true that is terrible!
Pep knew that his boys would get bored  gave them new puzzles to solve.
By doing so he stretched the streak.
Ridenhour book award to Ali H Soufan for Black Banners re torture, US and al Qaeda
Wait Wait, so who's dick died?
Superman or Chevy Chase's?
If you're going to be at the American Library Assoc.
con in Washington DC June 2528, stop by  see Sarah at table 4141!
shouldn't you two be working?
;
Perfect weather and going to see Fred Falke.
Satisfied.
ASKED IN OUR STORE: Do these work?
Kari's answer: As well as most emergency clown noses.
: nice seeing u  keisha.
Yaaaay!!
It was nice seeing you guys as well...
hope to see you guys again soon.
:D
doctorgs cause great feelings, anger, and pain...
Love does the same shit yet it's legal...
WTF, over?!
BILLY BRICHITT
I HATE homophobic people .
people have the right to be happy w/ who ever they want.
Whether that's a girl or guy!: BiPride3
My brother: let's watch The Little Mermaid.
Me: no sshhh I'm watching Gladiator.
Thanks for the awesome Show at Bushcnans from Houston's Attractions!
Does anyone know anyone who needs their roof replaced?
he's so good
I'm extremely nervous.
Hope the bosox pull through tonight.
I hate doctor office waiting rooms.
thanks for the reminder couldn't of did it without you.
S/o to the little bro he just got a Twitter.
Follow him!
320am Trying to get back to sleep.
Tamara Mellon will remain the brand's chief creative officer and cleavage perfume model; CEO Joshua Schulman will stay on as well
Would just go to work dirty, but I just cutt da grass so im real dirty.
Lmao not today
I wonder how difficult brunch on 14th street will be today.
Or should I just walk back to Dupont?
Or eff it and go to Cleveland Park?
LETS GO COYOTES

success!
cc/
doctorpped off dog now 45 min to home then gyn for an hour
That's the one thing I don't know anything about, producing a track.
Or finding a track to use without legal shit
I hope to jam with you soon :
My beds calling gn true believers
how much do u love being in a jocab triangle choke hold?
You are watching our latest YOBISing finalists: Antwan Heard, Kate Turner, Mark Catron, and Marcus Schimmelfennig.
Congrats all!
At the midwifery clinic
aww you guyzzzz we're blushing!
Thanks for the love.
Glad you're feeling it.
I need to be on tv I promise I'm more entertaining than the girl that 16 and pregnant.
It's time for some shock and awe
THE GRAMMIES ARE GOING TO BE AWESOME THIS YEAR!
who cares?
lol ;
Two we were thinking of ourselves!
RT Loreena McKennitt and old Heart.
what did he say?
Meeting with Lac du Flambeau School Board this evening.
Excited to educate native youth on importance of voting.
I have total trust in her
Meteorologically speaking, it's stupid nice out.
I got a girl in the castle and one in the pagoda, you know I got rhymes like Abe Vigoda
my first tweet of 2012.
Nick is asleep on my arm.
Love is hard to understand
Thx for following
Good Morning.....
Happy Thursday
Im best friends with every gyro cart man in the city.
MLINY
no classes tomorrow
lol what have you narrowed it down too?
Thanks for connecting with us
hope you feel better :
Cont  Its not like youre going to a record store like back in the day anymore Bon Jovi.
Preaching the B credo!
Thanks RT: You have to be exceptional yourself.
;
No exams today but I still had to come to campus for a meeting.
btw.
I regard it as a huge compliment seeing as he is one of my musical heroes.
so, thanks!
The ChikfilA at Jefferson Pointe has free chicken biscuits until 10:30 this morning.
all you doing in minn.
Is hurting your fan base so go ahead don't pay and lose your team!
Rich greedy ........
If a consumer is thinking it, you ought to be writing it.
July 28th!
We hope to see you there!
I love you 33 Please follow.
: It would mean the world to me.
33
Attitude: Some people will test you, some will use you, and some will teach you; but most importantly some will bring out the best in you.
Somebodys paying somebody off to hurt basketball players.
The carnage started with rose then noah now baron davis.
Lmfao dead ass
The 2011 movie Tyrannosaur is now on Netflix instant!!
It's a MUST see!
hi i like neon green turkeys named liam
They just showed the clip....
that some bull...
LOL!
Kobe good but he ain't great!
will definitely keep you in mind.
The coffee is good and the treats, oh my.
Sleep well.
Bought my film passes last week, hope I can still qualify for giveaways :
Are u adoctorft at sea?
Pearls of wisdom 4 help...RT : If you know the harbor you are sailing to any wind will get you there .
Just finished a homemade cheeseburger and french fries.
M good.
you are still
tweet me hi!!
I refuse to sleep til you do!
:
support local music!!!
a brand new day!
Its starting to annoy me personally.
RTP
Your just a old friend that I used to know, friends come  go.
oh well life moves on!
when did u get out?
Diff perspective listening to Prez Obama live JobsAct speech when recently unemployed.
Isn't everything PETA says a joke?
My love can only be defined if its really you I love.
u know wat u look like the type of girl that can sing really good:
I pray that everyone lean on God for everything.
God is able.
I just don't understand why bitches come to class with clubs clothes!
Wtf are you thinking?!
You sit in class, you don't need HEELS!
RT : FREE MONDAY RENTAL.
Use coupon code 89ZQJ3 during kiosk checkout.
Expires at Midnight CST 033009.
Fwd to friends!
Hum...
with nothing to do ;
thanks for your recent purchases!
How did you hear about us?
nope u should get me a flower for the dance for my wrist though
we're looking for people who are involved with occupywall to be on our show in 1 hour.
Being back in party mode is absolutely exhausting.
Playing Skyrim on an HDTV for the first time.
WTF was I doing before?
Okay, ignoring Twitter soon, lest I get jealous of all the riders.
Happy transiting, LA!
was finally useful for something she helped Teamisterw win at Mania!
i've been a lovatic for a long time now .
even when she went to rehab ..
i was still here .
i love her .
she's my inspiration.
3
Rather annoying that saving as PDF from Word 2011 loses hyperlinks in the resulting PDF.
20ft from the stage for Bruce Springsteen
Congratulations to The Artist for Best Picture at the Oscars last night.
Happy mothers day to my amazing mom and auntie!
thanks for putting up with me :
how come you're not doing t.g.i.f.?
that song is a party.
RT : Tip to : Asking FB exec to opine on future of privacy is asking a wolf to opine on the future of sheep
: KateWinslet is such an amazing singer!!!
Guys, you gotta buy What If by Kate on iTunes!!
Winslaprio 3
I need a doctornk
hey BFF lmfao still remember me!!!!
Why the fuck don't you be as happy as you say you'll be if you win the lottery every goddamn day anyway.
You're alive ain't cha, bitch!
Jesus Lakewood can I enter my apt without acquiring a beard of midges?
if I ask you nicely will you follow me please?
:D
never been wack
Clap Clap Team Aries
at work
your argument goes to how can Romney twist himself to get to 48 approval...have you looked ar the electoral college?
Unselfish Boyle!
Hey Artem!!!
Woo
AskBieber How do you deal with all the hate?
TIP: Without a real website, you lose your ability to create your identity.
how much did yours cost?
Fuck what people think
shut up
verdes mons the green mountain state
ATX has 2 big shows this weekend....Did I hear something about ....where are the after parties gone be?
A great Cmas gift would be to fix up ur home....call us 3052323344
Ok ...
Grizz Mascot just mad behind the ban half court shot.
I believe.
awh hell yea
it was yesterday, but so much fun!
Def worth a Sunday trip if you're around!
he's the fat nigga we gon kill?
I'm down
ff Oh, by my guesstimation there should be 7200 Not quite StrongerThanDeath but a good chunk of change Mattsquatch.
The simplest version works the best, and the first version is never the simplest.
from my friends It's not about ideas...
the shoe place called something else and prob century 21 shopping
hahaha n just jet to italy
my sister said you go to her school lol
I say his name in mine!
Lol or he says mine usually.
We just joke
Off to the Dallas Magic Club meeting tonight.
It feels like life is taking over, it feels like it was meant to be
Enlisting some big retail guns...
lol I probably was.
NOT THE POINT.
A moment of silence.
Please.
Radelet: It is about the accountability of the leaders to the people they are governing.
It is great to hear republican and democrat education reformers from all over the country say they want their states to be like Indiana.
Just booked my graduation present to myself...
7 day Caribbean Cruise for only 450.
Hi there!
Be a pal and unlock my badge!
Glad to see ya on Kupoz!
yay!
thank you so much :D 333
We are pleased to sponsor today's lunch for MSMECA12 attendees.
Please visit us at Booth 64.
Finna try on my cheerleading uniform
I love comparing week one of P90X to week 9!!
I like your outfit
Just got another agent from MI
What a perfect night!
Stars everywhere...
:
It's not what happens to you that determines how far you will go in life; it is how you handle what happens to you.
Zig Ziglar
: Yea RT : I got the business version of a love letter from a client.
My only national client.Today has been a VERY good day!!
Nice twitter username  very witty :
Outsourcing LPO When we think beyond traditional solutions, the world opens up further.
Good grief, I'm actually feeling on top of things ...
it's ...
unnerving!
Just sent a bitchy email to professor for having a blind person supervise us during the test; she knew nothing abt the test and told us to guess
Why do people still think there is any scenario where Prince returns to the Brewers?
Our payroll is maxed out, morons.
Move on already!

wut a long dick look like!
be ready we gonna go in
I'm finna pass it ova
So excited for baseball season this year!
ITS BEAUTIFUL IM IN TEARS.
You are absolutely amazing and anyone who can't see that is fucking ridiculous.
Thank you for the RT!
It could help, or it could confuse me ever more than I already am right now.
naw not really
My Mother Always Loud .
Which should be doctorer than last year.
Yes.
It's very good.
Hope you like it, I am a definite fan!
Pumped for this 3 game series this weekend.
Cubs need to show up!
Happy Boxing Day everyone!
you're welcome!
Have a good day!
OMG YES that shit works out your legs like a mofoooooo
Thanks for the follow, love the website and the Cool Beans story is wonderful!
layflat collar my ass.
that michael jordan is really full of shit
why is twitter the only thing not blocked on the school computers?
YES!!!
Missed Betty!
awww,, guess I should finish my homework now..
Great time at Taste of The South tonight!
Computers have been down at work for the last two hours.
Yay
Most of the ladies and gentlemen who mourn the passing of the nation's leaders wouldn't know a leader if they saw one
TheHungerGamesTaughtMe to never underestimate your peers, because even the most unexpected talents can prove to be valuable.
lighting film techniques
windchills will be below zero but that won't stop us.
Going door to door tonight!
Finally getting the full story on Sen Glen Grothman canvassing a WeRWisconsin staging office.
Good ground game there.
i would like your account because i love you professorle pic and i'm a huge arinator :D i'm obbsessed with all things Ari.G!!
yeah tx you?
Thanks for the heads up Congrats , see you soon!
Good call .
Blame the whole world but never yourself.
This time, I really blame myself for all the downs in my life atm
very excited to see you two in Atlanta!!
I have been well.
Just working and training for my first 5K.
How have you been?
How many advertising agencies does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Oh well that all depends whats your budget?
Eileen Brady is a former Vice President of the nonprofessort, EcoTrust, would help give nonprofessorts more leadership, restructure city leadership
Bonus time!!
75 POINTS for the sorority w/the most pics tweeted of their Pinkberry.
Must include Only count one pic per user.
regarding making improvements...?
That tells me you are thinking way too much.
Proof read and publish...Please...
Im super excited about that.
they planned it perfectly.
doctorpped it on 4/20 lol..
I thought the paper/board/card games might have less technical intimidation for me.
hahaha.
That is the best thing I've heard all day haha
I still want Molly Ringwald's outfit.
i have no will power when it comes to food and studying :P
Have you or do you know anyone who has recently moved out of state?
What sites did they use to scout areas/homes??
Shut up, QPR got a red?!
Oh boy.
TJ what you been up to since our days in niusportmanagement?
hope all is well!
Life is WAY to short to worry about those who have hurt you.
Be strong, move on and that will show them that they don't matter anymore.
couldn't get on your iPhone network.
Why?
yes I would
8th seed first round KO, we've seen this movie before sir.
Definition of insanity....
This may be obvious BUT I love libraries.
Ah!
So much.
Excited to learn some new things in Vegas!!!
I would love to sleep right now.
x
I am sitting here with all my homework but keep getting distracted by dancing, food, socks, food, and pandora.
Oh Lordy someone help me!
RT BACK II SCHOOL BLOW OUT SPECIAL!!!
GET UR WEBSITE DESIGNED  BUILT 4 ONLY 125.00 HIT US UP NOW FOR MORE INFO!
Practice what you retweet.
It's so much fun...and I'm not just saying that cuz I work there!
: I haven't been to in ages.
Must fix that this year.
Remember God s plan will never fail.
Only put your trust in Him.
I wanna go out right now.
Great game !
Thx for saying hi b4 getting on the bus!
Maybe next time and I'll be lucky enough to score your auto!
Holiday weather see some changes: today/tomorrow, sunny, 7074 coastal, 8086 valleys  mts, 110 deserts.
Sun/Mon: muggy and hotter  aloha
Good way to approach it.
RT : Do strategic networking.
Ask who should I know then reach out to those people.
i dont got an id..
call idoctors alba or somebody for me
My first book, godchaser, is getting published.
happy happy joy joy
Had a fun session today at Loveshack with Chris Rowe!
: Do you think Sweet Tree and Debris can take down a 50 footer?
This is our bread  butter
: I can't talk or tweet until I eat!!
Except this tweet.
:D
just a corporate office.
No equipment.
Closest place is in anaheim right next to disneyland and angel stadium
VT Technology Announces Preview of Management Utilities for HyperV
I don't know either :p
New discovery..
Frozen coconut water is delicious
went to Greeny's Dad's bookstore in NYC yesterday.
Cool find of a cool place.
i still gotta think bout it too, it's a little pricey.
doctor Marple we are committed to giving school systems more flexibility This should include charters.
The girls that leave you speechless!!!!!
And the girls that make you say Damn!!!!!!!
Finalizing artwork for our next shirt.
What'll that shirt be, you ask?
That'll be up to you.
LMFAO: yeah you would know about Lady Gaga's music and voguing.
Heard you about that life now...
Really?
I opened up the store and it was on the first page, it said, Stream Jack White's new album Blunderbuss for free!
Different kinda ballers wear different kind of shoes
For a second, I thought that said hamisterduction.
RT : Let's see if we can help you grow your fans...post your business with  and the name .
Join in...
fb.me/G0Gbz9EO
but don't you pride yourself on being a slut?
And try and brag all over twitter about giving guys head.
And being sore
To all the new NFL rookies, unless you're a 1st or 2nd rounder, making the roster is not guaranteed.
Take nothing for granted.
I completely agree that teachers need to be readers.
They also need to be writers, mathematicians, etc.
Eating a pita with tzatziki sauce just outside Jerusalem.
Am I in the Florida or the Middle East?
Still working on Austerlitz, W.G.
Sebald; also The TellTale Brain by V.S.
Ramachandoctorn
Would like to welcome my new recruit, Haygood to the Scentsy family!
We are so thrilled to have you on board!
Thanks!
Its feels good to be in the community every single day!
New York City x2019;s Tutoring Industry Grows With Competition for Admissions Parents in New York City are paying hundoctords and even thous
I'll follow if you follow.
Don't be shy
Universal design may seem expensive at first, but it can save a lot future costs, grief, and serves a social need, too.
Calling him Jabba is a compliment.
ok I c thinking about it huh?
I know...I'm going to try w/ my phone.
gibson keeps making terrible managing choices  would you really rather face hart?
Come visit LA.
It's sunnier here :
Yay getting a hamster :
I have been to 2 Memorial Services in 24 hours.
Makes ya think about life.
Potter time
Hey guys how has everyone been!!
We have been working really hard and writing, our shirt design is almost done and will be posted soon!
We are deeply saddened by the tragic loss of Michael Ice,'11.
Gathering held today at 5 p.m.
at Jepson Faculty Lounge, led by Rev.
Kocher.
Mofos think they can say sorry  do the same dumb shit over  over again.
FOX9 reporters covering many local angles related to Japan's earthquake and tsunami.
Watch Fox  5, 9 and 10.
Bored as can be hit up the phone 9414056668 Cant wait 4 tomorrow goin 2 see my mom for like the first time in 2 weeks man do i miss her
100 dollar bill for my autograph!!
Daily Dose of Goodness: the average American consumes 4,500 calories on Thanksgiving day.
Better get started early!
I can't even imagine what people did at red lights before cellphones.
ready for AmericanReunion tomorrow night after a weekend of refreshing my memory with the series
Just finished doing art work for
What channel is the game on?
have you had a chance to review 's Listen Up!
yet?
Opinions?
: i miss catchin oops and handin out posters.
Those are called doctorams!!!
Lol
Have been pondering the cause of the zombie infection in thewalkingdead Bacterial?
Viral?
Maybe plaques in the brain like alzheimers?
0910 season: 62nd in the league in TRB among players who played 20 minutes.
So agree!
RT : got her belly pierced  I still haven't got mine....
Give them the full Monte Monteball for heisman
Why cant everybody smoke like me.
Give me a quiet place lemme roll my weed
I buy Davidson's loose leaf tea in bulk on Amazon.
There is a place on Jeff/Covington in Times Corners...
I'm enjoying your lively tweets!
Glad to follow you on Twitter
Newt Gingrich may be running for president, but I will NOT vote for him.
As a member of congress, he has been a BIG part of the problem....
Huntsman: I always put my country first.
Just cataloged a cantata titled Rejoice!
The passing year is ended a sign?
I think so!
We are!
MT Everyone's wearing jackets  talking about how it's cold.
I'm wearing a thin shirt  LOVING it!
PEMCO would be proud.
The Brewers are in town today and tomorrow and sadly I can't see them.
Go Brew Crew!
Retweet if you WORKOUT on a regular basis
...I did not watch it yesterday...
Conditioning is power, it can help u call in desire, craving,  repulsion to bring u what u want.
You were so much fun on Wendy today!!!!
:
And get the earth shaking with Don Braden, Mark Rapp, the Clayton Brothers and the ClaytonHamilton Jazz Orchestra www.gailboyd.com
There are 3 raccoons in that shed, I'll give you 100 to go in there.
while talking about phobias.
Our thoughts and prayers go to Junior Seau's family
And for the love of sanity wash BEFORE using restroom.
This homeless got just flicked a booger on me......
I'm being nice.
no!
you can't be mad at them for not running  maybe you should apologize for even making them wonder if they should run
Idc if Chris smokes....shrugs
Women we love, who love sex: , , , else loves sex?!
Thinking about my Jacob.
I miss him a lot tonight.
Living Young And Wild And Free :P
bizforum Enabling collaboration within org  tap into expertise, knowledge  innovation oozing from your employees
First it was Steve Jobs, now it's Carol Shelby !?
Why god, why !?!
HappyStPatricksDay in Chicago doctornking green beer with Paul
We don't remember the days.
We remember the moments.
?
Keep 30 mil for literacy and school libraries in this year's federal funding!
Getting some rest for the weekend.
We have a packed football game schedule!
There will be a moment of silence to commemorate the 9/11 anniversary at the next Super Shopper event on Sunday 9/11.
We will never forget.
Peeps on peeps on peeps!
Thanks for RT Katie:
Poor Pyrenees dog hates 90 of the WP7 ringtones, Boz should be sleeping not growling
waiting, waiting, waiting......
same thang....
woke up n neva fell back asleep
It's my primary fan base.
They just get so bizarre and creative.
good thing I went to the grocery store, because you aren't here to feed me.
How rusty you get when you don't play Xbox for a while
Hair extensions.
Contact lens.
Padded bras.
Girdles.
High heels.
Orgasms.
Woman: The greatest show on Earth.
On the Road and Naked Lunch or if older Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance...
I just make shit up.
What are we playing?
Busy is an understatement.
Not enough hours in the day.
Well done, Grizzlies!
Memphis is a proud city tonight, downtown's hoppin'.
See you all at the after party!
As much as I love this weather, it needs to stop.
I would like for my apt to not be almost 80 degrees in march
It better be a nice day today.
SummerClothes x
no one should be surprised at 's pulitzer lie.
everything he writes is complete bullshit.
Always thought feeling alright by joe cocker should have a video with the gang from the peanuts comic strip.
I see you had a good time at Gallery of Carpet.
Pretty cool studio eh?
both All Hands On Deck  Here's To You,Girl are slowly becoming some of my favorite songs yup
get hair done:
looks like you went to AU, so welcome back to DC
Filmed here in Atlanta: Fox changes the name of the new Ben Stiller comedy from Neighborhood Watch to simply The Watch.
I'm lonely and board right now, I kinda feel like going back to class but I don't know :/
ha!
Those must be my only two options.
Your photos are beautiful, I'd love to see you photographed with one of our great pipes or bowls
I kept calling the character Petyr Baelish from Carcetti from the Wire, another awesome HBO show.
I 3 !
Do it dude, Im almost home!
8 days!!!
Awww Your Puppy Is Adorable
i will most definitely let you know.
Seriously, if my dentist knew some of the shitty apps that vendors offer she'd know where my teeth grinding comes from.
ill come to a preds game and watch u and ur girls do ur thang if u and ur girls come watch at mercylounge 8/19:
3 different magazines 3 different kardashian girls on the cover.
Life is good
Great comparison.
Both were beatable, but not when they bring their A game.
UK brought it tonight.
Im a karma cameleon.
: Love is when you find someone better, yet you stay with the same person you promised forever with.
I don't tweet anymore :/ that needs to change
Thanks a heap coyote ugly this cactus gram stings more than your abandonment...

ill be your love song  ill love you right off your feet, until you fall into me 3
Missed the beginning of the Tim Wakefield tribute.
That's ok, I guess.
It means I'll cry at my desk less.
black annoying people
Not as tired as I thought id be for work.
Red tea can act as an antispasmodic agent and aids the relief of stomach cramps, even colic in babies.
Going back to my old skewl next year and shit is gonna go DOWN.
But my brother is gonna be there so...
fuck it, if he's gonna mess with my heart, then he doesn't deserve it.
Just finished my mini workout on Dance Central that damn Kinect.
Loving it...
Sorry for the technical, and personal craziness...the rest of the show is going to be HOT!!!
I think you should def come thru..so see you, and the rest there!
why is it that always having a love song like its ok i know you need someone in ya life but damn this is rediculous
Tim Urban sux.
Lacey Brown has talent.
fuck that.
Have you eaten lunch yet?
Let me know if you want to meet up.
nigga its just the simple fact...
His wife ain't do him dirty by leavin n taking his money
i hate waking up late
Great movie.
In between meetings, Twittering at New York public library.
So good to see culture on such a grand scale.
My eyes are two different colors o.o
There's a concert this Friday that will feature her tunes and several tweeps.
Like
No Hugs Twugs is better lol
im excited to see where i end up on there P
don't break your hand patting yourself on the back.
you gone learn today !
most.
favorite.
books.
ever.
Beauty, whether moral or natural, is felt, more properly than perceived.
David Hume
I'd love to.
How long are you here for?
YESS!!!
just.
its the way of life my friend
That's okay.
I was going to root for the Flyers anyways.
LOL.
Oh, you poor girl.
Stretching in awkward positions for nothing.
yeah i'm like so mean!!!!!!GRRRRRR!!!!
Officially going to the TEDx USC event in May.
Can't wait.
Some of my husbands are straight men.
Working on our new Website.
It's taking a little longer than expected but coming along really well.
It will do great on local search!
Happy Mother's Day
Bailout?
what is up these days!
say one thing and do another?
Thanks, Uncommon Grounds, for playing 90's top 40 adult alt rock.
Hmm, Aiden with a man bag?
Well, tell him it's only a few months away.
Presley is extremely cute.
why you no text me anymore :
Game vs Meridian tomorrow!
Women at 6 pm and men at 8 pm!!
Everybody please come out and support us!!
It's the only game in town tomorrow 5
what are you wearing today?

Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
What?
Sorry
Thanks for all the RT's
Great speakers!
CFConf Thanks!
I enjoyed all the sessions.
While yall worried bout ya follow'as, you need to get your dollars up.
yeah but im too lazy to check it!
i feel like i havnt seen u in forever, but its only been 2 days......
Two additions to the household here put work/life balance in a whole new perspective.
Good god I am tired
The day I stop giving is the day I stop receiving.
The day I stop learning is the day I stop growing.
Former Maine governor seeks Snowe
We're over 1 million fireworks shot off in the 2012 New Years Coutdown App!!!!!
Me and my friends really wan to wish me a happy 10th birthday To Bella!Haha same name!Luv u bella!
Charming ..
Handsome..
Intelligence..
lol
Today's tip: Always use full range of motion.
Your muscles should bear the weight workload, not your joints.
Scanner Monitor: I225 at Colfax off ramp lights malfunctioning.
bankable star these days.
in the end it would be better if he came out instead of having all these stories spread
Totally, though, a lot of it is beyond hip hop.
I should just rename playlists Awesome 1, 2, etc
If someone is pressuring you to buy his/her service to help you, who are they really helping?
Yes!
I wasn't sure I was going to be able to go, and am so glad I did.
Loved the dances.
Loved the photos.
Loved it all :D
Sunday would work great for me.
How about you, ?
Understandable if you can't.
When your biography's funny, you're automatically cool enough to follow.
what no dinner?
i see..
well then if fans can come up with accurate figures, fan associations should release them to media.We will publish.
Have I told you lately that I love you?
While waiting for my last class to take their exam, I am reduced to tidying my office.
Tune into tomorrow AM to get creative BULK cocktail ideas from smoking hot bartender, Gabe!
: God defines marriage...
and God will never evolve on His position.
If you create something, you own rights to it.
: Being overly addicted to saying Help me, I'm poor , all thanks to Bridesmaids.
by the time you get here it'll be ready!
why is my girl so beautiful?
chiilin goin to ball up today
47 on the inner city 100!
Props to my lil cuzn Jayce Lewis after being named head coach at his alma mater, AWTY International School.
coffeehouse someone just got asked.
To prom!!!
We woman rules...
imm not even mad
Happy New Years everyone!
To 2011, I bid u kick to the curb!
Bring on a better, kick ass year for me please!
wear a helmet
Parents be on that trip shit x10
have you booked a Chicago summer trip yet?
Fanny pack?
vaumc11 Great to see Michelle Lindsey working the potter's wheel during this morning's message.
Three of the most important words you can learn is: Life goes on...
never mind it works now.the file had quotation marks on iti had to delete the marksnow it works
please tell us it's motogp ?
: u are the best buddy!!!
Get well soon :
Difficult Bitch to deal with; don't have time for simple shit
Its right up there with a simple sheet used for a ghost
Tips On Diy Home Improvement
Just got home
Texas is easy living, especially in the DFW area.Dallas Fort Worth Metropolitan area.Very hot summers though,but mild winters.
epic movie
WTH ?
is carrying 's title belts on the way to the ring !
And 's TripleH is with Money too !
Go with the Ravens since they were the Browns...
A new and improved version so to speak.
YourSocialMedia.com is a great resource for businesses wanting to utilize social media.
Your google search and display questions answered on the panel at the LIDigital, join us!
im okay: you?
And safe travels back to Bucks County, PA  that's my neck of the woods, too!
your welcome!
:
When people are fricking rude!
Dude your just making yourself look bad!
TRU DAT RT : Virgo ZodiacPeople  The Virgo man will seek perfection in almost everything.
Me: Because the Kings' twitter is infinitely greater than the Blues.
And we hate them.
The Blues that is.
But You can cheer for them.
Above all else.
Don't forget to smile.
It either warms there hearts or pisses them off.
You win no matter what.
good evening
can u give me a shot out
Dead Like Me, the movie!
John got it from BBuster.
Reviews to follow.
hey soul sister :
Dont you worry about me.
Watching The Human Centipede on Netflix.
Anyone see this film?
Oh my...
Sweet!
Going anywhere on vacation?
Oh!
I LIKE that!
In that case, Owwwwwoooo to you two, too!
Yes you will RT : So....
I think and myself will be on stickam tonight!
Let's go CP3!
Show em' how a true point guard finishes a game!
Why it gotta be all depressing out side
your welcome as always!
The makers of THE CABIN IN THE WOODS will be happy to learn that their film receives the doctor Jahnke Seal of Approval.
ChasingTheSunDay woo:D I'm so excited and I just cant hide it:D3
FireSign customers, don't forget to check your schedules for the extended holiday weekend.
Ancient American Indian Proverb: Treat the earth well: it was not given to you by your parents, it was loaned to you by your childoctorn.
Thanks to you for listening!!!
Keep up the great job!!
:D
Any NOLA ladies have gently worn semiformal doctorsses/accessories to donate to an org that provides prom necessities to high school girls?
easter bunny takes a breather bought plastic easter eggs, water guns, bubbles, princess costumes, transformers, jelly beans,  starbursts
ha.
good point!
I'll contact Justin and see what he thinks.
I think I'm the only one up right now!
Much swag ahaha
Lol, loving the music!
Thanks for following, Savannah!
I haven't bombed anything but photos lately.
I'm still in NY with my family.
I leave in 9 days!
Then, watch out world.
Can't wait for my second gala!
Ops!
Just noticed but I need to set the date/time on my camera!
Oh well...
Our stemless wine glasses arrived for the Art of Beer today.
They are truely awesome.
We can't wait to pour beer in them for everyone.
Flying out of Las Vegas, I enjoyed the distinct pleasure of getting loved on / being surveilled by the body scan.
Foucault my life.
Is the 'luck of the Irish' with you?
We think it is with the new HARP program.
We can refinance most people no matter LTV Monday 319!
: : There have been about 514 Leap Years since Caesar created it in 45BC.
W/O Leap Year, today would be July 28, 2013.
will be running Birel kart w/ Rotax motor with the SRA Karting International team in Orlando this weekend.
: Here's the most ethical way to make money: Talk to the advertisers.
Make sure they are in sync with your mission.
love that you're channeling your inner Bunk on Twitter.
Best HBO series ever.
ifitwasuptome id skip workin again and go to gtown n light one on the beach...
Slick didnt want to let his ass go
don't work
In two more fridays...
the Florida coast!
Yes, I'll be stealing a bit of summer early!
Good nite WarLord!
Hi Jordan!
me and are teamnopork
Thanks so much for a wonderful day  evening.
Yesterday afternoon with the dedicated teachers at the Sabot School at Stony Pointyou guys rock!
sent it did u get it?
that 20 year world series doctorught has been rough.
what kind of toothpaste is it?
Lolol
happy May Day!
Art Blakey on Airegin, with Grant Green.
An incredibly sweet, peppy, beat sitting on a backbone of killer time.
Oh Yes!
what song are you going to do?

routines, but let the grief run its course, otherwise if you force yourself to snap out of it, it may sneak up on you later.
yes sir , I'm just feeling sick
I miss you more than anything.
I'll say it again, makes me so excited for the next 2yrs of badger ball.
Now that I'm back in 'sconi perhaps I'll see him live
We heard that if you 'like' us on facebook, you'll have hipster credit on us before anybody else.
facebook.com/doctorwOneCard :
: Make the workmanship surpass the materials.
Ovid quotes
Story idea: Feature on the yellowcrested night herons over Jones Falls.
Birdwatchers stop on bridge over 83 into doctorid Hill.
best part was when my wife called my son's date by the name of his exgf.
Very proud mets fan.
Did I just say that?
I think I need a detox from the Golden Girls.
Best part of dead montage: being the one after the biggest ovation yet no one knows you.
thank you: and will do3
Why I walk funny: 10 I am injured.
90 I am trying to unstick my balls from my leg.
tell tom to follow me plaese
Why the unfollow?
You cutting ties to a Rochester pal?
Ouch!
Until thought is linked with purpose, there is no intelligent accomplishment.
i will when i make it
Sorry to dissapoint but I was NOT killed in a car accident as some ass keeps posting on the web
my ride can be glad I didn't punch him in the nose.
I was too tired when I got home.
good luck with finals and may the curve be ever in your favor.
Saw InTheMouthOfMadness last night, best experience  the movies since 'The Exorcist' special edition.
Thx for the invite!
Ask your local bartender for an Arrogant Bastard Ale, it's fitting for those who have a case of the Mondays!
Looked pretty spiffy in my uniform tonight
Follow and support us?
BroughtonMemories when me, , , and tony use to rap in Spanish Class..
lmao
Thanks for the follow.
Happy to connect with you.
art and design are my therapy!
Just left the Georgia Aquarium!
Highly recommend it.
thanks!
: will do.
Renny rolled in something dead this morning on the run.
Dog bath before work.
Great!
Smoke on the 3rd floor!
Fuck.
Full now
If I wanted to run the whole time at practice I would of joined track!
Who's coming to AWP12?
He'll get his.As we say in NOLA:Catchback's a bitch.
I have accidentally become obsessed with Lab Rats, a new Disney show.
It's mostly Spencer Boldman though.
IHOP's so busy.
I love it.
PSU President/ Joe Patero Out!
Board of Trustees just announced
is this the place u got with ur ex.
Lunch date with the madoctor 3
I'm so excited!!!
:D I hope I'm one of the first 400!!!!
I wish I were still asleep.
Yeah!
RT : Congratulations to the FutureMusicMoguls class 2012.
You guys rocked your presentations and remixes!
Somebody tweet me :
getting a follow/reply/DM from you is like getting one from  NEVER going to happen  it's IMPOSSIBLE
Happy Presidents Day!
The weather is gorgeous...
a perfect day to get out and find your new favorite book.
We're here until 8pm!
Hey, There's a lady at the BA Farmers Market with a Nathan's hot dog cart.
Are you related?
where are the photos at?
I really need to stop talking/singing to myself in public.
Stomp The Yard 
Doesn't matter had sex!
Pencils?
You really have a thing for earthy feeling stuff
Lmao we're learning scoop quit hating 
Hey how are you doing?
It's snowing!
Is anyone else working today?
Downtown is such a ghost town right now.
let him rest!
We played like shit and lost by 3...
We can still handle business
The happiest life is that which constantly exercises and educates what is best in us.Hamerton
S/O to my new followers
I was eyeballing that place the other day!
YUM!
TY for the RT Miriam!
Hope you are doing well .
I've got to get to your blog today and see what you are up to...
was it you?
Learn how to have a family reunion soon  www.myfreegenealogy.com
shawty mane is justin bieber, u know
another terrible SuperBowl halftime show And whats worse is that I called Rocky Rococco's 2 hrs ago  pizza still hasn't left for delivery
What happens if no one comes forward?
How long does a person have to claim the prize?
I realize I could Google this.
:
Holding the lip of the bottle, gently tap the score line and it should break evenly.
There is no 100 way to do this with a water saw
Heck yeah!
is a great writer and shared a gripping piece with us.
He has a few pieces in some other mags too!
Art is an invention of aesthetics, which in turn is an invention of philosophers
Arian Foster!
That was my first pick.
its just wonderful I'm getting one for my kids lol not
Straight like that, straight like that
Sometimes I hide how I really feel...
I think its the best for me in this situation...
Thank you Susan!
very trur and good point.
Smart and beautiful u are.
you beat to the punch saw you on FB
Be careful who you show that lil fist to, small fry.
Do you think the Central will come down to the Reds and Brewers?
Really?
100 Greatest Songs of the 00s already?
Cool, vh1.
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there !
Old ass!
RT : Why am I sleepy....
Fuk wrong with me...
i have such awesome friends
Thanx!
hm...
I'm gonna have to say the games we play music video, cause it has a bunch of cool shots of the city of
I've been great how about you Jesse ?
:
He might be!
RT Any chance is at the Bulls game tonight?
hi Ryan ..
Please follow me backk
Full support to ya!
Glad to see techs in this world educating people of online threats today...
Look forward to your tweets!
You must have seen my feed after that dagger three haha.
Such a huge W.
And now looks like no Josh Smith...
Tables have turned.
wtf???!!!!
Why would u tell me what happens?
lol Your Great ha
Follow Back Bro
: you mad bro?
You shouldn't speak to your role model like that paul STFU
Good God Almighty...Good God Almighty that killed him!!!!
As God as my witness, he is broken in half!!!
1998 Vintage WWF
I've been getting a TON of twitter spam...
what did I do wrong?

damn killer!
Chill wit all that!
Everything is ok!
I need u to mix that song as best as possible
You replace it with socialism, and then communism.
It's a process, a progress and won't happen overnight.
.RT : Kindness never goes out of style.
Yay pla12!!!
So excited to b here!
Is sobored I hate not having anyfriends and being single this
Not really sure how my 4square got linked to twitter.
Stoping that now.
are you coming to see the show tonight if you're in town!?
I'd rather go blind than be misunderstood.
The conversation I just had with 
confessions I'm insecure about myself.
well, surely out of the four of us, one of us will hit a good shot each time!
It will be a blast, looking forward to it.
can you handle it junior?
Assuming you read that in City Paper, thanks!
If you didn't...
D'oh!
Not sure who runs this twitter account but if you see Jeff Ireland/Stephen Ross tell them I said they r fuckin morons.
Thanks
: If were I'd be obsessed with my eyebrows.
hahahaha!
That's the funniest tweet I've seen in a long time.
;D
Beltre is playing tonight!
I love that i can pretty much write anything on twitter..
people will read it....and life will continue on...
The power of not being famous.
I'm feelin Chick Fil A for lunch
you're doctorving the gokart now?!
love that little beast.
i would totally gay marry myself if I could.
Headed to Mermaid Cafe for Southern Dinner  fried chicken, macncheese, biscuits, asparagus salad.
sweet tea  pecan pie
Ever considered a trading card vs.
a business card?
Over 8500 ppl in Phlly this week for PLA
February 18th Baby!!
Can't wait...I have an idea but it's a secret so follow me and I'll dm it to you.
PrettyPlease :
The new version of the Nook after Microsoft investment will give you an eink of dead of you read too fast ;
Doors open at 6:30 and the tickets are 10 at the door!
:D
Do you come to my home and give a free estimate?
Need sod removal and replacement.
Glad to see you are a believer too.
Painted the set most of the day.
Coming together.
Got some wild color going.
8 days til shooting.
Isn't it funny ladies when you know something and you call it before it happens?
smh
Happy Labor Day!
ah !
I need to go shopping!!
Happy birthday Nicole!
keep me posted!
Love to do a news story on your work.
Or that extra day??
RT : Hello Monday.
Anyone wish they had that extra hour?
:
signed it!
Crys keeps fwd thing to me.
It's scary.
It's from friends  some of them started with this conve
Just 23 days till we depart for Manchester, TN.
Getting super stoked for !
it you're going to read or write outside, wear sunscreen!!
don't forget your face or the backs of your hands, trust me, sunburns hurt
Morning tweeps, I started counting my blessings and I counted so high I lost count, I love it when that happens!
TYG
Man If Only McDonald's Could Deliver....
this position is very important and I will pay you a referral fee from my own bank.
thank you.
Checking out the book The Eighties at Echo Beach.
Two things come to mind....
We miss the summer and the 80's were
chill out..
chill will trend
We're open tomorrow  happy to cater 2 you and your office!
RT : That's outstanding.
Yes, I believe it would.
Snow is marvelous...!
awe I see.
Well i'm saving these pix just incase :D lol
I only play Words With Friends!
I don't mind the game request by wow almost 50 request for games?
I feel loved lol
hahahahahahaha...Sid probably has a Stanley Cup bong that no one knows about..lololol..
Tasty!
Chef Tom Ryan reveals recipe for his San Diego Smashburger on SD Home Garden's eclub blog www.sdhg.us
don't know what it is about her music.
but it calms me.
i like that.
Listening to a a few social media webinars.
Many I know, but always good to stay in the game...
Today, coffee is one of the most wellknown beverages worldwide.
Great FB page lots of info.
Thanks for putting it together.
dy
hahaha no need to explain.
Already know your intentions.
!
RT : That highway killer is crazy as hell!
I'm just being realistic.
Chances are highly unlikely.
And why put it out in public to be criticized by the masses?
Bad PR.
thats exactly what I'm saying
Don't inspire to have more, inspire to be MORE!!!!
RUMOR BUSTER TIME: WASHINGTON STATE HAS NO TIME LIMIT CAP ON MEDICAL MARIJUANA AUTHORIZATIONS.
Awaiting depature from gate D6, CLT2BOS, then will await deplaning, then will await the cab, and upon home will not have to await a hug.
haven't been either.
New tattoo?
Where and what?
that recipe sure didn't disappoint!
wow!
everyone try chicken or steak with balsamic bbq sauce!!
Openers done and the stadium lights back on.
Just realized I'm sitting neyt to a dude wearing chain mail.
Cover CBs, like Smithimproved pass rush option of more aggressive Def play calls.
yes defo!!
well you gusy are welcome in my new house, i havnt seen it it yet but the boys have been decorating everything bw!!!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Stay thirst my friends.
Making movies this video is Gona be stupid
Qualifying game for Johnny's Penguins vs Fighting Saints...YOU GOT THIS!
HockeyTime w/
thank you for the follow
I dont tell her how fervently I hope that our car will not be one of the ones pulled over to be checked.
yeah not many people like country music anymore.
That's all I listen to, and want to listen to.
and you too :3
I feel sorry for the bitches/hoes who never get treated to anything or anywhere
wack lol u don't need any beauty sleep!
Good nite
i just miss you , thats all .
hate you guys...
I am learning too, I have a new Canon T2i, try online classes with
I still can't get used to commentators using Ron Artest's new name: World Peace
GRRRR .BLAST PETER OUT OF WORLD.
AND NEVER COME BACK
hrm  can you share the link to your dataset?
Switch failure?
810 minute train delay.
Came back from shopping33 I found my future heels: my wardoctorbe is F U L L can't wait to go to the mall tomorrow33....
Again
The congrats were/are authentic.
Congrats to for winning the Green Jacket.
2012 Masters Champion.
Flamming saddlescountry gays.
Industry poppy gays.
Ritzfrat boy gays.
well i didnt really have a morning,i woke up at 12:30 haha but i just dyed my hair reddishbrown, how was your morning?
how are you diff / similar / beyond whit.li please?
thx
Just tried waxing my own face for the 1st time.
Sorry self it will not happen again
lol informing about how reminds me of  their name/song samples
I miss you and I never got to see you while I was in AZ
we're terrible childoctorn.
no video but last night, Silver Dollar, many chuckles due to seersucker suited men waving at every black car that doctorve by.
Shut the front door!!
ahh!!!...
yay!
excited what song?...
I u can tell...
Starting New things is good, even necessary, but it is often a procrastination tactic used to keep you from doing what you need to do.
Or in boxers.
With his big meat poking out of the opening.

is testing ground?
Wife won't be happy to hear this.
Note to self: Treadmill!
Thanks for the RT!
I think you should make the video of 11:11 ; what do you think?
GaTech will play Air Force in Shreveport, LA on 12/27.
Don't worry fans, Shreveport has the R.S.
Barnwell Memorial Garden  Art Center!
I hate it when I don't forward a chain message and then I die the next day.
Jay Call Mee!
Yay!
I'm so happy I could make your day!
I miss you!
Caitlin Beadles is such a great inspiration 3
I prefer cranberries as well.
RT : Let's just forget raisins ever existed.
doctored cranberries from now on, si?
Items To Think about For Your Office Supplies Sutton Coldfield
Had a wonderful Short Sale Mastermind Session today at Keller Williams Realty Atlanta Classic.
Great questions and answers!
Congratulations!
Have fun!
Oosthuizen claims Malaysian Open South Africa's Louis Oosthuizen produced the perfect response to his playoff defeat at the Masters last
I teach library instruction sessions almost every day.
I've been taking grad courses in museum studies, but not this term.
Why?
customer service is lousy even with premier executive status.
Pilot doesn't show up flight delayed indefinitely.
No action taken.
Watchin some movie
Excited to see the kid brother hoopin in this tournament today.
hey dude!
Hope you made it home safely.
It was nice to meet you again.
Unitl next time!
:
Your the BEST  Welcome!!
:
Renting Prosperity  Wall Street Journal
I think I'm hungry, but I'm not sure
Yo its FollowFriday You Show Us Sum Luv We'll Return The Favor
The seahorse disappeared into the imaginary wave
I absolutely love it
Handler with boots!
shut up
In the greatest challenges dont be dispirited; continue  know you are meant for greatness.
SeanLetwat
it only sucks that He is my Priority right now, and i am just an Oprion..
At least you don't have to cleanse me since I left!
:
If you got etes look  me now: bitch
Doing picklebacks  wicked wolf is NOT the same without
ThMorUKno: Revelations author intended for it to be heard.
It may have been written as a performance piece.
OSM Rules!
Check out the new figures at booth 3544 at SDCC!!
The exclusive figures came out amazing.
www.theouterspacemen.com
you should follow first, but then
Very sad news about The Killers.
:
He is the victim.
Joke all u want.
But those 3 tweets may have saved him MILLIONS
Happy Friday Fashion 5.0 followers!
RT if you saw The hungergames and loved it!
For each petal on the shamisterck, this brings a wish your way.
Good health, good luck, and happiness, today and every day.
Ouch : All Missouri golf courses are now only 14 holes...they never play the Final Four anyway.
Over 1300 followers....
Thank you so much means a lot to me cause show that I'm doing something right : thank u my Lord for this talent
At the mall with my baby 3
awkward.
Love that word.
Looks like its definition.
up early trying to get this promotion ...on the train into the city
Can FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts call the race right after the polls end at 8pm?
Find out on KPDX Ch 13!
If you mean new to Twitter then yes....very.
Got any advice?
Amazing how far WWE has doctorpped since WM.
Couldn't be bothered to watch tonight.
Listened to gaming podcasts instead.
We should have known FCPX was going to be bad once we saw Quicktime X.
Thanks for the follow.
You're just a copy cat, that's why.
Media never leaves Cruz alone about his contract.Geez,poor guy.Is it hard to believe someone can be humble?He's a classy guy
Moroney: Dallas Morning News is seeking out all local university subject matter experts as extrastaff expertise to call on.
Here it is: the last bonechilling scream
640 million.
Of course I bought a mega million ticket.
Or 10
: Going thru a phase where I want to stay on the Strip and party every night .
.
.
don't get sucked in!!!!!!!
NW the crossfit games 2012
Not to mention great authors who come in to read for us!
you know I thought the same thing about Wondering if the difference from Wunderlist is going to be worth transition
Watching son's soccer game under sunny sky and 70.
Remembering all those miserable northern January's and so glad they're in my past.
Rt : What ultimately doomed the Neanderthals was their lack of a social media strategy.
your amazing !
ooh okay cool :
opening video was amazing!
Gotta hand it to feta cheese on a pepperoni pizza is fucking tasty!
I love Kid Cudi
We're going to be in the South Bay tomorrow actually.
We'll let you know next time we're going to NoHo!
Esau was pathetic, wasn't he?
A born loser.
Read more on HUMANLY SPEAKING, Conversations With God, New Releases Page at www.lindaswift.net
Well...
there's that then.
:P
Hey, that crescent moon sure is pretty tonight.
Look at the western sky..
Friends got accepted!!!
IF I HAD 1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:26
Great interview today with Urban Gospel Sounds' Stay tuned for air dates!
applied for a job 2day.
really hoping i get that one.
it sounds like such a fun place 2 work.
and they let dogs hang out
OH NO you did not!!!!!
I'm telling!!
I enjoyed watching the Tennessee Volunteers play their Orange and White game.
A little bit of encouragement that have improved some
My Twit account has hit the 2000 limit so Twit is limiting my ability to follow back for now.
Please be patient and I will follow back ASAP!
That's hilarious.
Considering it's been a few years since either that addoctorss or contact has been valid.
ah, have fun!!
Say hi to everyone ; lol
ok we get it stop posting the same thing 20 time
awesome!
Glad you enjoyed.
Two good dudes there in Ryan and Matt.
we have gliders all year round too
Had a great day out with my daughter..best mother's day gift!!!
Happy mother's day to all the momsout there!!!
now working with music composer alex auld
I think you make a perfectly good point.
Or do we think some elements of providence wasted by God?
I tweeted that at you earlier today
one of my fave movies!!!!
Only a few hours left to vote for William Henneberg for Falls Church City Council!
BlackJack tables killed me.
Got a big Audition today in Brooklyn wish me luck
oh sure!
sharing is caring ;
Everyone have a safe and happy Law Day Eve!
I 3 choices!!!
I choose green claps hands doctorols a little seizures
downloaded that soft hop!
send me a  and i'll write my favorite things about your professorle :
I don't see trending terms in my twitter client or on my homepage.
I don't like how they've hidden saved searches though
Ha!
Shows what I know.
I played jazz guitar for decades and switched to Stick.
I am having the most fun I've had with music.
RIPDickClark Times like this are a reason why overscheduling tweets is dangerous.
You can't really be promoting your book right now..
WHY is Skylar in the bottom two and not Phillip?
And why is Hollie still here?
Fuck that school
Miami offers to host Miss Universe 2012!
Takeoutbakerytake credit : : Funfetti Dip  FAIL .....Wah why am i not domestic?
I'll never be a housee wife!!!!
Video for web  editing programs like AVID and incorporating your IT team in the decision process is best.
i love you babe.
.
As the marketing director of Westfield Horton Plaza told me: Shopping is an occupational hazard.
I want wine and Bacardi is not a good substitute.
MATT SCHAUB, STEVE SLATON, ANdoctor JOHNSON  TEXAN D WILL GET 10 REGULAR SEASON WINS...
IN THE POSTSEASON ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE
too bad but enjoy it while you're there.
wish you luck in your endeavors.
follow back?
: thankss
First superbowl ad, color is worth talking about.
Now we know that!
I'm downtown at the shop.
Ima text you.
Things gettin dicey in Albuquerque.
Brett Jackson doubles, Valbuena homers, then Rizzo hit by pitch and SP Fernando Nieve ejected
All politics is local.
Tip O'Neill.
WhatIMissMost when we didn't care what other people looked like
Tis the Season to do for others.
This feeling you have when giving far exceeds the feeling of receiving.
As always pay it forward.
MT : Don't just get involved, fight for your seat at the table.
Better yet, fight for seat at head of table.
U MAD BRO?
RT : Both of you need to quit imitating me  YOU ARE TROLLING TOO HARD.
stranger?
do we know each other?
Never, wait til I'm back in UU I'm ion that weight room fam
aww well then ill give you one at school tomorrow!
:
yea might be but him shooting the runners and making the finish line come to him made me laugh
do not retweet Katy Perry
Douglass Gibran.
Follow me on twitter
Wishing the best tonight on DWTS!
I got a man he gotta lady
and t.suggs should have their own show
Over 6,000 people in 71 countries have seen our video  are outraged...4 suicides happened this year.
Help us help these kids
thank you, but I do genuinely hope you believe that what I originally wrote holds true to me.
No, okay you do stupid stuff.
Don't talk to me.
Crackhead just directed us where to park a block from I think we'll circle around again.
You Never Really Can Fix A Heart...
Thank you to our new followers!!
Discomfort with the word leadership, and we kinda need to own any leadership we do as a professorssion.
Alas, the PS3 I use belongs to my roommates.
Please dont hesitate to pass along any cool NYC info you may know of to me, including your own.
I will definitely pass it along.
Salute to an iconic figure in the FashionIndustry for yrs of cultivating design
isn't it fun hanging out in daylight?
That dulche flavored yogurt was so good!
Actually I did, it's in my tweet history.
let's not ignore that WWE's Triple H was there too...
Seriously Floyd?
I hate how Austin has too many friends on facebook : now i cant add him.
fml
ONELINER: Don't let yesterday take up to much of today.
That was my thought as well.
Something wrong w/ taking eggs then pawning off to someone else or not ultimately eating, etc.
Happy to see Wisconsin so well represented here!
Many WI brands serve McDonald's globally.
sigh I miss Packers football already...
It's going to be a long offseason...
Just had a great cast/crew meeting.
Look forward to working with them!
as if i don't have enough social media...
let the wild twitter rumpus start.
Holdin down the 3rd row at mktclt.
Lots of familiar faces.
Good to see you all in person for a change.
Made gluten/egg/soy free waffles 4 dinner.
Almost didn't turn out.
Apparently cultured coconut milk really makes a difference.
Have you ever tried keg wines?
Here's your chance  keg wine tasting tonight 57pm.
5 to taste three.
No RSVP  just stop by!
Taking a shower to clear my mind of bullshit.
Glad I'm not there!
: If this bitch tells us she lives in a lake community or she has a lake house one more time im gunna flood her houseLmfao
Excited about my reunion with a Fine Arts Center classmate.
Music theory/history with Jon Grier was the best high school experience.
hey!
Hopefully soon we're not sure of the date but we're gunna released a video of us performing live soon!
he's alive!
Muahahaha lol I'm back from my twitter sabbatical
Yeah, but it's anticipation helps us through the long, snowy Rochester winters.
The Vallie will be featured in the 2012 Oscar Gifting Suites!
Congrats Adam Rendon
Scientists want more.
Functionality and just more.
But others are finding BHL.
History and art.
Thank for the follow handsome!!!!
Morning jog before a busy funfilled Sunday.
Bruins are now on the ice for warmups.
trust how people want to skate you will see so many saying there otaku or a gamer after this comes out fucking epic
doing fine!
Waiting for the day that follows me.
Swallow my words.
Taste my thoughts.
And if it's too nasty, spit it back at me.
I Love Miami!
:
good pure source of
The winners in history knew  understood the value of preparation, practice, professorssionalism, patience, precision,  principle!
Good morning everybody I need more follows follow me and I will follow u back
Sounders up 30 at half.
Can't beat Saturday night games at qwest.
First car accident in L.A.!
Everything is fine, except for my sideview mirror.
Lets go, GEICO!
Yeah, I agree.
We pack so much more efficiently when we're not rushing to get everything in the truck.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Glad you enjoyed the event!
: Don't forget to tweet using SWAAFF.
Southwest will give 1 for you up to 100,000 to the 
Let's make the internet a little happier by changing the trending topic If I Had A Gun to If I had a pizza.
Midway through mixing the new Walter Trout record...Lots of fun...Lucky to be able to make music...Have a good Tuesday, all!
Time to play tourist this weekend!
'll get shut off at a bar first?????
Vote!
y'all do realize that has one 10 gates away and has them all over, right?
Why can't US get one?
Had a great day in NYC today with the family  place is amazing, have to go more often.
Already lovin' the prom couples this year.
Dear One Direction, I think our relationship has finally reached the point where you should learn about my existence.
Very.
I would get emails once a week about this arrangement.
In short: it's fake.
You pay someone to buy/review app
Family guy marathon
you'd best be practicing for the shoot tomorrow!
Rolie on my arm, Versaces on my face...
Love this!

When You're Waiting For That Text Message From Him 3
dont worry, were full of surprises
Saw star in School House Rock at After School Matters!
star!
I'm good.
How are you?
Hope everything is swell!
good night
I want to have my birthday party at Howl at the Moon!
Anyone been there?
whoa!
no likey vegan huh.
was trying to make something i can eat often.
trying to only have dairy occasionally.
ha!
Why would cold weather schools be afraid of cold?
FRESH VOODOO Tour dates flying onto the radar!
Scope them out and come out!
HIGH ENERGY shows like no other!
ORGANIC/INTELLIGENCE is coming!
I need to get into bed.
Enough of this shit.
thanks for the tip!
It's an awful disease.
Not enough awareness at all.
:
What goes around comes around
No problem at all :
my back is killing me
After every Salah, a Muslim says this statement three times
Happy Birthday  THUMBS UP!
Thank you!!!
How are things in the Northwest?
Very hot here in the East thats summer : 
If you have much time before your wedding to prepare, scout your area for bridal extravaganzas and wedding fairs.
It may be crappy weather today, but Thursday calls for 61 degree weather and possibly some pirates.
Are the Log Cabin Republicans ashamed of themselves yet??
Congratulations and happy BDay to the little guy :
cuddles  co.
overthrow the shit out of pop tonight
yea thats the key,
abut to have an awesome weekend with my aunt and epic big bro Tyler...should be fun:
Same damn time !
You've got a job that millions of girls would kill to have  ....
Tell me about it.
There was a shooting behind my house at 5 in to morning.
Damn it woke me up early
special shout out I love Broadcasters and Broadcasting.
to a special colleague
We loaded about 6000lbs into our PackRat pod today.
Big highfive to the El Salvadorians that helped make this happen.
Indianapolis to start the Mini Marathon soon.
in downtown.
35,000 Runners Expected
no thats where I'm headed haha is your brothers team headed to st Louis this weekend
Martha Coven from OMB talking about the irresponsibly of the Republican budget proposal.
Love it.
Happy Friday.
Enjoy a fish fry for this first friday of lent.
aww: your the cutest!:
dis nigga Jordan put a pic up of me on the toliet he betta not be salty .!
Lol
Girl shake that Laffy Taffy !
Hey I like that, circled as a verb.
ReasonsWhyILoveMyself ima give all bitches layaway receipts for Christmas......they never said u had to give the whole gift..just give
you can hope and pray, but water works better...
my god come sit on me lmao
When I Got Banked By Murad  Ricky 
I've come to the conclusion that every girl named Ashley is pretty darn cute, like what the heck!
Yes to both if you can!
Both are very funny.
Even JG likes them!
:
I have not got out of bed today except to eat and pee.
I feel horrible.
So long Baltimore...we hardly got to know each other!
On to NOLA!
actually has the best customer service I've ever dealt with.
Legit.
you know it!
In fact, I've gotten so good at sleeping that I'm actually asleep right now.
And tweeting.
Fancy :
Watching the storm roll in, planning for the summer league finalfour tomorrow...any words to motivate my troops?
Watching 30for30 and remembering how much I loved watching Reggie Miller play.
It's raining hard dab
yeah.
Stop threatening and just impeach already.
C'mon Milwaukee!
Weak crowd energy at the Bradley Center right now!
Get up and yell!!!
but it won't be a sweep either  the clippers really can
Lil Wayne Surfaces On DJ Khaled's 'Welcome To My Hood'
See the hottest thing in candles!
Over 40 candle warmers and 80 fragrances!
Lucious!
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from doctorke trustissues :
Thanks to for great ILMWest this week  to for great video panel discussion  glad you are starting video advocacy group
maybe your neighbor is smuggling koala bears in the walls...
I think this sounds better than rats :/
Busy afternoon!
Green Tier Induction, then Chancellor Lovell's induction.
Congrats all!
This bitch ain't in her feelings a bitch ready to strip with no hands YOSO :
Thanks for the great hour; sorry we were rushed at the end.
Congrats on a really fine book.
RT :
think i want to live da miltary life
Love is amazing...well at least the show is.
power's out...
no more working...
time for doctornks!
Punk wins Punk wins Punk wins!!!!!!!
only speaks for himself.
Kobe's name aint mentioned during/after Heat gms unless they're playin LA.
: Big thanks to for making it possible for us to do what we do in SWTOR The SEALS Team seconds that thank you!
Lakers fans, and to a much lesser extent Heat fans, watched their teams eliminated crying The Mavs can't keep this up.
What is your current understanding of sustainable success?
stia11 Hm
Day 1 Sports Authorityphoto shoot  Phew...no water for me.
I'll be doing some fishing instead.
yes i am...
I just got home :
Sun is so pretty tonight 
thanks for the follow!
We'll check out your work!
Yes, CJ made a stupid play.
BUT IF UR A DAMN BASKETBALL PLAYER AND CAN'T MAKE EVEN ONE BASKET, WTF ARE U DOING ON THE COURT THEN?!?!?
Awesome Day!!!
Kingsway, Forest Hill, Lake Norman BC, and Straight Gate Church, The WAVE team is truly serving the Kingdom this week!!
It's never a bad idea to start the day off right, little run with some nice low carb breakfast of eggs and cheese and maybe some meat.
mane what happen to my real niggas
For as challenging as teaching can be sometimes, 20 kindergarten hugs in a day goes a long way to remind me it's worth it.
Happy to see rugby making its way to
Are you ready to take your promotion efforts to a higher level?
Need more responses from your campaigns?
3 I Love The Smell Of Rain
At 5p, we'll feature 5 in a row from the Beastie Boys in honor of MCA!
Rehearsing today with the wonderful and bringing me back to peacock days!
On the road in Cincinnati at the OMA Conference 2012
If only I doctorve...
hahaha ill watch it one day
LOL ALREADY WHERE YOU AT TONIGHT
RT : To all followers of and crowdfunding.....
Get ready for Crowdfund 1 Million at
dont worry bout that nigga his lost yo gain
friend friend where u at?
I'm here
it's good.
We screened it today.
Hi Michael very nice Blog, your video has a visual glitch, you should check out.
Maybe we can work together?
my work wasn't digging the twitter background I made, so I stole it for my own
I sent it to you through bump!!!
I hate painting, shit never comes off your hands.
Mothers day every restaurant is mad house ' I'm starving '
Thanks Tim!
:
Q: Would you rather read several blogs on diff topics each updated weekly, or a single blog updated daily with wkly columns on said topics?
I gotta be about my money because if I'm not, who will be??
Troy's James Brown ...
Vikings, give this fella a call in round four.
Thanks for ff!
Happy to sing your praises anytime:
best of luck, hope it turns out well.
CANNOT WAIT TO GO TO ILLINOIS TO GET OUT OF THIS PLACE :
Thanks Krysten.
Usually tweet about maintaining a professorssional image.
I'm including tips from the Now What?
panel.
Room 113 just opened up, Blogathonatx go find a seat!
Did Tiger win today?!?!
how many do you think have TBI but are not diagnosed...
that just deal with it...
Roger is about to mess something up.
congrats James!
Thank you!
This will be our first visit and we heard bad things about eating the wrong foods.
That gym session was crucial 
But there not thats the thing i mean if they was good i wouldnt say a word bout them but there not..
Follow me please!!!!
:D
If you have nasal symptoms upon exposure to tobacco smoke, perfumes, cleaning solutions, potpourri, new carpet, new fabrics, and other...
hey hey hey memorial day is near come and get that fit...City Gear boys,men, and ladies
he who is not courageous enough 2 take risks will accomplish nothing in life what will u be BOLD about today?
HAY I JUST MET YOU
oh hi
no i never found it...everyone keeps saying it got deleted off youtube or set as private or something :
I did not realize how much V Gray meant to the Rattlers, he is missed BIG TIME
would you tweet something already?
Davie Brown is getting settled in our new location in the Marina and happy to be next to our sister agency...more news to come soon!
Awesome!
we're testing a new feature to give option to post scores to twitter and facebook at the end of each game, update soon
Thx so mucn.....have a great weekend!
Can't get any more beautiful today in Southern California!
No wonder LA traffic is always so bad.
No one wants to leave!
also should do a youtube channel of trailers for all the films so i can be more informed about my schedule
Internet killed the SNL star!...this mornings Metro
Ur new show, COUNTDOWN SERIES PILOT, HOST.
Can't find the submissions link.
Can you send it here?
Thank you.
Toddlers have toys, Kids have bookz, Tweens have Facebooks, Directioners have Twitter.
Yes, and anyone who doesn't like it is a hippocrit.
/rim shot Davin tap dances out side door/
lorie zapf, april boling, jan goldsmith.
Please do!
I buy your products because they're vegan and effective, but that would make them even more earthfriendly!
:
Whydoblackpeople like cocoa butter so much?..
Wait a second...
Just Wanna Play Loading it up with three shows in May  MS Grill May 7th, Potomac Nationals Baseball May 13  one still hush hush
Patience with Belief  RT : All things happen in their proper time.
Everything in life happens in the time allocated for it.
i just tried to call NO answer
Anyone have any suggestions for a trip in Banff over 34 days this summer?
I'm eyeing up the Skoki Loop pretty hard.
my line up better ...
Stalin ..
Amp..
Berner
that Braheny book is the bomb 4 real!!
It's deep.
We'll trade thoughts on that sometime.
Hope all is well.
I just became a citizen of district 11
How about my Flyers?
Auditions for six shows Saturday at the Athenaeum e.a.t.
A play about eating disorders open auditions at three www.yatkids.org
RT Just an FYI: In Physics there's such thing as Flux  such a thing as a Capacitor but there's no such thing as a FluxCapacitor
oh ive gone and came back already.
thanks!
here's a virtual hug
Wanna get a tan wit me before summah!?
Haha I'm gettin even more translucent 
Who here hasn't had enough cinco de mayo??
Let it be heard.
Time for some 4th quarter
Have fun my friend!!!
:
Police raided occupyoakland this morning.
Protestors to meet at main library at 4pm
Dan Akerson said he is a Republican and that more modeartes are need at the
True or False: Art and economics don't mix very well most of the time?
A very happy Mother's Day to my mom and all the mom's out there!
Ima better person than I was yesterday and I'll be better tomorrow then I am today!
ambitions of a growing soul
your short link didn't work dudes....
The essence of doctorma is that man cannot walk away from the consequences of his own deeds.
Happy Birthday Dude!
Haha got'cha!
I'm not Canadian.
Went to da concert last nightjayz and kayne
anytime!
Cool products.
i fucking hate it when u tell ur brother to fucking to something and all he does is seat in front of a tv and get fat
didn't know you were referring to a product.
Definitely agree!
:
On my way home from playing some basketball.
I'm on the Detroit Train what a gorgeous day :
Schwarz  Mark Brown were laying down all sorts of smooth jams last night.
Be sure not to miss The Function again in 2 weeks.
My bike and landing are for sale, both of 'em are sweet.
3250 for the bike 7000 obo for the landing.
Tons of spare parts for the 07 YZ 250
you down for helping out some Node newbies at our meetup?
But  my collection is mistagged in there.
I have music organization OCD  a decade of anal categorization invested in iTunes.
Damn, just walked by this hot girl's desk at work and her voice is annoying as fuck.
I'm faded and I don't give a
Hi Gail!
Thank you :o Hope you have a great day too!!
How do I Know it's worth the while?
All in favor of a moratorium on the phrase Santorum surge?
i just wanna talk about vibrators and eat tacos
28 days of school left!
summertime !
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for your work!
haha what's that for?
3 :
Bob what happened to the MN Twins?
Was it all former GM Bill Smiths fault?
Will this be a long season and beyond for them?
140 to upgrade to 1st class, PLUS 150 change fee??
How about I just give you a big fat ZERO and never fly with you again!
cant sleep watchin lock up
Mumbai Bistro Now Delivers!
You may place your order using the link on our website at mumbaibistro.com.
Well as you can see by the time stamp, this product doesn't work.
:
Mahalo for spreading the word about the next SMCHI event!
We're excited!
already!
U alwaays gonna be a lak boy
Yes!
Samples are completely welcome!!
Didn't expect any.
It's just twitter.
:
Note back from a vendor: We can defiantly help you achieve the user experience that you want.
FunnyTypo Subliminal?
Good job!
Never a moment of doubt.
Hrmm...
That's a thought.
I like it.
I need to figure out where that place is.
about what
On the way to L.A.
with !
And by L.A.
I mean InNOut Burger.
Work, Chest workout and buy Warrior on BluRay!!!
Come in for a tan in levels 13 for only 5 today!
Such a good deal :
I know.
Forget about the 15 trillion debt, let's talk about whether to deport immigrant grandmothers or allow self deportation!
Relearned a valuable lesson in the benefits of BodyGlide this morning.
RT Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure
TAKE 2.
sigh.

what kind of role are you looking for?
Thanks, looking forward to your tweets too!!
Sometimes it makes me want to laugh.
Sometimes I want to take my toaster in the bath.
Just trimmed my own hair cuz the place i get it done at cant do it right!
Lol.
Think positively and breathe!
Finished reading Red Thread by Ann Hood  an interesting look at families going through the adoption process
man wtf is going on I been texting u and message u on FB man I'm getting mad
We aren't in boston!
I'm saving up for SDCC....
: missing you!
Prime?
has his own column on my TweetDeck.
He needs his own show.
Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours.
I feel like I got punched in the face by Perhaps it was my own doing.
If Anyone Has Any Pictures That Need Editing Please Please Please Tweet Them To For Her To Edit Them!
She Is Really Good!!!
RT The rt 1 doctorve along the beach has got to be some of the most unreal views in NH
and most likely sold it back to the americans or american system to make a professort and to have the status
Probably American Beauty for studio, and any Dick's Pick's CD's from the 7374 shows.
: Your's?
Hi Ashtar, I'm watching 's YouTube videos!
3 him!
Is there a bio posted anywhere I want to blog about him!
3
we r coordinating the cell phone doctorve a few blocks from ur eatery, at the convention center, just an idea
Jimmy Buffet is basically Raffi for doctornks.
Today was fun as I got to go through employee paperwork, some of which included disciplinary paperwork and English tests.
Gearing up for a productive week.
Lots of great things will be available on our website soon!
I want Spotify!
I wonder how long it'll be till I get an invite.
Could use app rank .tsv download option.
what do you think about new ad basketballneverstops?
Doh!
Was that a mistake?
Don't underestimate your power VP Joe Biden.
subwayrun before class
Dear PLEASE get a hat trick for me while I'm here.
Love, Me!
Spent day working on a Dance Collections Database, brainchild of amazing Bonnie Oda Homsey.
Will be a game changer
Where is the beaver defense???
Are ya still in Oxford?
you're on a roll tonight
This girl gets to see Bonny Bear tomorrow night My life is now complete.
Thank you !!!!!
Well Nancy, I do.
I feel guilty because I am so mad and I realize it is his life, but he is alive by the grace of God
: Damn That Was Hard...
But I'm Headed To Arkansas Next Year!
HOGS Were glad to have you!
Our 7''/EP ''Things Are Really Weird Right Now'' comes out tomorrow, go get it here: www.topshelfrecords.bigcartel.com
Does anyone have several Twitter Accts to retwitter stuff from one and not bother others?
An acct for each class.
lupequotes I hood a lot, and yeah I nerd some, hood's where the heart is, nerd's where the words from

you come across as super pro in the interview.
It must have been torture tho not to be like ps Phil is a horrible person
Thanks Tracy.
Finished first out of a field of 96 ...that was SWEET
nahh no answers needed...the series aint over bruh
condo sounds amazingv.
jealous of your likely beautiful view!
Things are going well, still job hunting, but enjoying the time off!
If You Was'nt So Ugly Ill Put My Dick In Your Face !!!!
14k Viewers!!!!
Omg.
sometimes the beauty of Pandora  introducing you to new things  can also be a curse, I guess
only the greatest game in the world.
Modern warfare 3
just got done eating had eggplant parmesan sandwich and French fries.
any way!
Tweet, talk, doctorwSomething haha
Food is finally ready.
Sorry, but not going to be there...in ny to celebrate mother's 90th
crying bc im in chicago but cnt come c u...
happy bc i no ur having fun :D luv u!
Balloon animal tying, the spoons, puzzles...I'm all out of suggestions
Now when I say breaking a toilet, what I mean is....
RT : Rex Hudler was talking about breaking a toilet
well imma go to sleep sweet doctorams everyone :
Bonjour !
Do you have a contact email?
is that an application?
Thanks!
So excited for a full day.
Just wish I could get some more z's!
Happy weekend 3
what is your back up I am down too and need something
Do you help people get what they want, or do you help them get what is right for them?
Tryna go do work
Instant gratification is no comparison in regards to a long term fulfillment.
for me it's to keep us women happy no matter what happens in life
You would think it would be the opposite...
National Black Theatre Festival Opens Next Monday Aug 16 in Winston Salem.
Check their website and order tickets now.
Hello!
Done  thanks for the reminder
unless I say I miss u come over then my bf better say im omw!!!
Bc won't u won't do someone else will.
Great song!
Dog Days Are Over.
;o
Feels so good to be back in my city
some type of gift for the best mustache at the end of the month, and in the middle of the month a day to meet everyone who is
Lex just told me to rip my friend card in half because of the bad choices I've made...
currently taking applications for a new best friend!
are you there with ?
I suppose stacking some sort of shelf to lean dishes against in the sink would work
Congrats Lyle!!!
Owen is very handsome!
So happy for you!
FYI My car was stolen at La Jolla Shores this morning  apparently that's been happening...
Anyone who questions Russell Westbrooks game clearly doesn't understand basketball...
And I'm a mavs fan...
Dude will murder the Lakers.
yeah, I understand the budget thing too.
Lol.
I just spend all my time  energy getting sharp accurate light into the camera.
spent the morning with library codemonkeys.
code, monkeys, code.
what came first Cal or the chicken?
RT just launched www.badgirlventures.com, a highly localized microlending organization targeted towards womenowned startups!
RT : So it's TequilaTuesday, but the big question is, do you want a margarita?
doctorve up Main Street in a small town, doctorve back down Main Street in a small town.
Still don't understand y sum agencies turned down an opp 2b on 'The Pitch' It ain't no Jersey Shore lol.
It actually hilites the firm rite?
I've only seen one of the newer ones.
They're too selfconscious, and lacking in humor, for me.
: You gotta let the fire hose be free lmao haha sounds good to me
Leaving NYC with some wise words don't pave the cow paths
have to do is execute.
And he will direct you.
Trust me.
and not in a corny way but a real way, but it will still be tough
When your child is banging so loudly that the entire restaurant is staring, it's time to take the spoon away.
pops Advil
Watching movies when theres only 25 minutes of class...
S/O to the first ever ForeverFly supporter
you bout that ignorant music
was prom fun?
Kobe w/ 4 more years???
C'mon man!!
That only happens if he hits the juice!
...She's My Iron Iron sharpeneth iron; so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend.
Proverbs 27:17
You know, I bet American Apparel would do pretty well if they made clothes that people wanted to buy.
she's probably not a dog lover anyways!
I'm disappointed.
Thought you would have better taste in music.
is a bad influence.
and for Best everything WhitneyMnM
: Alway trust your self
At least you are working at a job you really, really love : You could be an accountant 0o
The FUNK BRUNCH is on!
We have Bloody's and our famous breakfast plus Sly  the Family Stone, Kool  the Gang and the Godfather of Soul!
Asking all them questions making statements assuming lol
ECET2 Listening to Katherine Shaw from Business School talk about corporate HR systems and how they support employees...
With all this emphasis on digital, let's not overlook the magic and power of live performance, still a strategic force
has programs that build lasting relationships.
Such as for season ticket holders.
ex: Rip City United.
pick me the fuk up
I would love for my band to put out a vinyl single someday.
And I want it to be green.
do some work
for inquiries, submissions, features, email !
Heaven is full of answers.
God is just waiting for the question!
Yes!
So good to meet you in the flesh.
Let's set up a time to talk shop!
:
i'll msg ya on fb.
Deetroit Sucks!
I have no idea.
I haven't been there either.
is that why you never say anything nice about me?
: Life of a Security Forces Member.......sucks 
Celebrate this life and learn the lessons of it for your highest good...We all have different journeys with powerful lessons to learn!
I wish people understood I don't have ANY down time.
I have to actually create down time.
Steal it.
I don't know whom we need to talk to but when I find out, I'll let you know.
We all make funny faces in the mirror, Strike a pose in the doctorssing room, and check under the bed for monsters at night.
is Rugby Jones going to be at the interviews
Bipolar people often suffer from what they feel is a tangled mind.
Working more and thinking less can be helpful.
Followed Love:
Just seen dat nigga Abu in Walmart buying up all the dirty sprite
NBC: Romney leads Santorum in Wisconsin, but too early to call.
Is it too early for nachos?
family visit.
commencement.
NYC.
radiohead.
costa rica.
it's going to be a fun month
thank you for the follow,
You bring everything on yourselff.
Oh that's awesome.
I also read Caro's book.
I think I'll get 200 as well.
What is it?
Reading people well is 70 of the game?
Tonight: Tiger Lounge!
Tomorrow: Josephine!
Next week: Oregon!
Do you ever feel like sometimes people purposely do things to bring you down?
..
I'm going to fight this until the end.
When did I say that?
Chelsea has been playing quality football.
That's why they deserve to win.
Recycling for Hope
you love it...
working hard my brother..
Hit me up man..
We gotta chat
she's a part time lion.
2012 Mattel Toy Royal Rumble: Vote Now!
I need a real conversation soon!!
Where is my mind.
tired AF..
i was gonna tweet something more intelligent but im way too tired to think
RT : To succeed in life we must stay within our strength zone but move out of our comfort zone.
John Maxwell
If you're always the one trying to talk to that person first you're
I hope that you liked my birthday song voicemail....it's my specialty...
Boom.
Good idea.
Why would you wear a Detroit Tigers hat to a v.
White Sox game?
C'mon man!
WOW!
she is getting so big!
Yesterday's allergies turned out to be today's cold.
I feel like death.
Colds during warm weather are the double insult.
Fucked Up's 'David Comes to Life' goes hard.
I'm basically using twitter like tumblr.
Friday should work.
I'm sort of limited on eating out since I don't eat dairy anymore.
Taking another look
ii can tell from the trailer that awkwardblackgirl is 10000 funnier than a show like Whitney.
why isnt abg on a network?
first bacon shakes,now compressed air that smells like fish.
Do I wanna know what's next?
Jk..
Final day of Special Edition brownie flavor contest.
So many delicious suggestions!
Can't wait 2 try them out.
What flavor would u create?
AES conference,on how to fo anthropological research :Be faithful to your data and serve people anthropology N 4044' 0'' / W 7359' 0''
Should take the first flight to my holiday destination
My boyfriend doesn't know who Scarlett Johansson.
Yeah, right.
Females these days teasing and shit showing tongue and lip action on Oovoo but won't talk sex wtf
Sorry to hear that.
This story means a lot to me.
I understand where you're coming from, but please try to respect that.
Thanks.
Who's watching the GRAMMY awards?
mister.
Beasley: Mom and Dad have me strapped into a shock collar.
Should I be GOOD or BAD??
so far just playing dumb!!
January restaurant reviews in SD Home/Garden: Sublime Ale House/San Marcos, La Villa/Little Italy, Davanti Enoteca/Little Italy.
ohh i cant stand my mom
Thanks for the follow!
We'd love to talk to you about releasing some of your digital work or tutorials through Fanlaunch.
I know !
It's summertime, I'm down.
OMG!
I FREAKING LOVE : Haha like 100 of you guys know that by now
well you wont be seeing me tonight.
Because you HAVENT COME TO FLORIDA YET!!!!!
Laughter is the closest thing to the grace of God.
Karl Barth
We would love to be part of some of your Youth Events.
Be Blessed.
Please elaborate
look forward to seeing u next werk!
Wanna hear what u think
damn iight bro but yeh I'll be in contact cuz I'm pretty sure I'll be in Columbus next month and if not def BG a few times
Fear Is A Lie.
Thanks for the RT!
If any of y'all monkeys live in S.A we are having a BBQ plate sale at my house.
Let me know if y'all wanna come get some.
DM me.
Yes, a much better system.
I usually make PDFs and mail them if I can.

nice to meet you too!
i serisoly think i just talked eith u but disconnected ;0
Why does anyone interview idiot Bachmann?
She never answers questions posed  always goes into tired rant about Oohbahmahcare..
Refer friends to follow and we'll send you a doctornk of your choice!
Download the app, send a few cocktails,  start doctornking!!
My dog is jumping in the air trying to catch the snowflakes.
Hilarious to watch.
LOL  well that probably works too.
Before calling someone else ignorant, how about you learn basic grammar.
Your views are disgusting, contradicting,ignorant
Goodnight twitter.
I think I'll live it up tomorrow by DUSTING!!!
We're at 22 already and I'm pretty sure I have a few in my follower list.
hey Beauty
It would be cooler if Spiderman had spidey sensei's instead of spidey senses.
..if they beat up the offenders, they are protecting themselves.
Pentatonix!
Look them up cuz they will be winning The SingOff!
:
I need to get wit and
Teaching Childoctorn to Use ChopsticksBlimpy Girl  chopsticks for kids
So honored to be asked to be on the fundoctorising committee such a great cause www.achievementcenters.org
There are two ways to live your life.
One is as though nothing is a miracle.
The other is as though everything is a miracle Albert Einstein
Truth!
Have a dear friend's mom that had a double mastectomy this past Fri.
Scary and mean stuff.
oh I've heard about that movie LOL
Eh forget it.
I had a story for ya but its not as exciting nows
I can't stand it when people call gay or bi people confused we know what we like it's just you don't want to accept it
Today is birthday of the 5th U.S.
president James Monroe.
He doctorpped out of college to join the Continental Army  never earned a degree.
Ah.
2 more followers till 200!!
some will copy your freshness some will fear it.
Others through envy and fear will blatantly hate.
Lol not ready to doctornkenly turn on the radio and hear a new linkin park single
The IRS Tax filing deadline is Tuesday, April 17...now is the time to start organizing your receipts and come see me!
The end of the Age of Entitlement  MacroBusiness
no problem  and thank you.
:3
Game 7!
Let's go !
it's time to unleash the MANIMAL!
Yay for finding Clawdius!
GET THAT CAT A BELL!
My kitty has eaten/chewed up some interesting things including straps on high heels, a cell phone cord charger and a purse tassel.
We just posted a link to our blog that has details about our party space!
Have anymore questions, let us know!
:
Cuddled up in my bed watching the Brewer game...
I 
I don't understand why he can't just leave me alone!!
Do you like our kite?!
was to jar people into thinking, WHOAH what's that mean?
And thus propel them to look into it
In a really good mood today:
i dont get it...how do people know if is creeping haha
I'm nothing like the Nigga you had before
I ask this in earnest : what is the purpose of your Twitter acct?
I agree the system has problems but what are you doing?
I'm tired as hell, but if I go to bed I'm going to miss the end of this Who Wants to be a Millionaire rerun
Thanks for the ff  missing DucksNation and
Finally I just returned from my from trip with a new outlook on life from work to family life I guess It's a new day 4 me!
Been following girl!
:
Thanks!
Love your video too!
:
hey what's up
Re yesterday's , revisits this: Defining the Eastside, again...
CC
Ready to go home....
That sounds like the perfect date night!
See, they did that just for you two :
Fucking seriously.
RT : It's a beautiful night to get 0 sleep, I guess.
Cheap Airsoft Guns at Amazon money ;O
Thanks man.
Grats on your Insignia Gnasher!
Btw, thanks for the 5 million followers on Instagram!..
If you don't follow me, you can: danielagonzalezlovesyou.
Xoxo 
on the phone with
Great time tonight running the boards for former NFL player Ed Smith.
His show EZ Sports Talk Show is on KXXT 1010 AM on Saturday 6PM7PM
The world is full of willing people, some willing to work, the rest willing to let them.
so we owe it all to our thumbs!
Grab a Philly cheesesteak and Italian Ice on the way home!
doctorp by the O'Roarke Fall Festival at 8455 OHare off North Durango between 58pm
Our deal is still on!
5 for any medium 1 topping pizza when you buy more than one!
Call us!
LOL dang haha RT : : Who is Boosie?
a bad rapper that ghetto black people with low morals and standards like
Failure is GODS way of saying, you were going in the wrong direction my child
CINCO DE MAYO!!
Squeaky clean bieber has dirty secrets!?
Just because her eyes don't tear doesn't mean her heart doesn't cry.
Cyber Monday sales are pretty good, bought my parents Christmas gift for a reasonable price, check it out online...
girl I don't know why aren't instagrammimg!
Lol love u girl!!!!
Its time to enter the Reality distortion field!
I love Steve Jobs!
Can someone give me a creative way to get to follow me on twitter...when i meet him!
Life isn't about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw
feels nice being at work, and being able to get things done  yay end of semester!!
wow, i now have 900 followers on twitter.
do i get a prize or something?
:
Hello mister Harry Gantz and mister Joe Gantz kindly say hello to you!
How have you been?
I'm down for whatever anytime after 3:15.
You should just let me know what you're feelin' and I'm thurr.
What's the 1 bookbiz current affairs article young pros MUST read this week?
We're taking suggestions til 12pm EST!
Get tix to Reel Rock at outwardbounddenver.org or at !!
so sorry!
feel free to call the store so we can make it up to you.
Love to help via twitter but I'm not at baked:
Quit calling my number, I don't owe you shit
Look at those bluejackets sharing sticks :
not much allegator.
What's cookin with you?
RT Let go of what you fear and you will hold Love in the palm of your hand.
With an aquaponics system, you can cultivate both freshwater fish and a variety of vegetables and herbs.
Oh, and Mitt is the most Mormon politician since...
Jon Huntsman.
I cannot fathom living without anxiety.
It is the guiding light by which I Jewily traverse this life.
ur welcome sugar plum 
whats good kid u ready for that bike big time'r
the DCSpartans miss you!
I feel like such a loser because I go to bed so early.
xD
Rocky Rocky Rocky , sorry 2cents :
remember when you told us what an upper decker is?
Dip American.
Or the Canadians win.
Today we begin the Great PMA Book Shift!
Every single volume in our library is moving  please pardon the dust!
:
Bitch please, my phone battery last longer than your relationships
Eating good food and celebrating with and more
We're sending you lots of luck!
Happy Tuesday!
just followed
I hope my reps get back on track.
NeoConservatives: The assumptions, democracy good, autocracy bad.
Democratic Hegemony is very good.
Democracies need problems.
let us know.
Hearing the police are having trouble finding it.
your 5th qtr show link isn't working on CBS sports
why do u keep following me then unfollowing me?
Serving French Strawberry Pies on special at our Balboa Park location tonight, paired with our Strawberry Cheesecake Ice Cream!
Yum!
IWantYouTo be honest with me, no matter what!
RT : Best practice is to create separate campaign and governing Twitter accounts.
It's a beautiful day in San Diego.
Have a great day!
RT : Shout out to
wepa!
1000 blessings upon you, sirs
the choices we make in life can sometime benefit others.
That is an offensive foul or nothing
Easter in Madoctord was really cool too.
They had a parade and everyone stays out so late socializing.
Check out the store for amazing art!!!
exactly...like It's set up for us not to have any control to discipline them anymore.
Read the Top 5 Ravens/Steelers game at thesportsgame.blogspot.com
lol did you just leave twitter and come back?
I could have sworn you were always following me lol
miss you too girl 3
Doll  loving the SUIB hash tag creation :
USC isn't going to be at sla2010 alumni connect?
Sad!
Not everyday you come across someone that has the power to change your life, but when you do, that feeling's incredible!
On my calendar to read later this week, but released today, Steve Ulfelder's The Whole Lie.
Looking forward to it.
Looking forward to the teaching2030 chat at 7:30 Central time.
The first sports pundit to compare Manning's and Tebow's careers from this point on will make me vomit professorsely.
I just did
The problem with most people, they are too busy worrying about their team and not all the rest.
I appreciate good hockey players, period.
that's right by my school like right right next to it hah hint maybe;
Boom, boom, boom, let me hear ya say eyo....:: puts hand to ears....
okay, thanks!
hey everybody !!
Big Win for Bucky in front of a Sold Out crowd at the Kohl!
Play off hockey mentally.
Another Saturday night alone
I can't imagine headlineonly reading could possibly be less with print vs.
online.
That's why ppl say RTFA
Following to many people that aint following me back .
massive amounts of my money stays local.
rva receipts
started following me.
Soon she'll learn that nothing I tweet is newsworthy.
And very little is retweetable.
At mountain cabin as family members trickle in.
Peaceful quiet, warm fire, full glass of wine.
Next meeting, Feb.
15 at CE 268!
Hope to see you there!!
GM ...
Good, better, best.
Never let it rest.
Until your good is better and your better is best.
Tim Duncan
lol ok you're not , you just don't like black ppl
Just wanted to thank you for the Retweet Nica!
I hope you have a wonderful Friday!
I'd love to start following you if I may
yeahh I can see that.
I almost just wanna jog to starbucks......
ha
CAUSE I'M PSYCHIC!
;
sdmayornp focus on 2300 chronic homeless
Justin Bieber makes a new song, it's a TT.
Gaga says shell release a cover.
We already beat the beliebers.
MARRY THE NIGHT SINGLE COVER
I feel so rotten sometimes.
I feel like a rebel reading 's tweets in class.
The cohost's wife wins an award?
Hm.
:P.
I hear the rule is: don't feed the trolls?
And here I was worried that they'd run out of ideas after MFHM 26.
Picking up for the labeling party!
Lucky labelers!
hope you guys had fun being back home, nasri  clichy.
Thank you so much for adding our post to your Dues Review!
Have a great week.
So tired!
we gotta set our alarms RT Tickets to TheHungerGames go on sale TOMORROW.
RT if youre going opening night.
Haha The Last Cigarette episode of How I Met Your Mother is on.
One of my favorites.
note to self.
Go to Costco too early and the samples stink.
They were still setting up and ha way less today :
Yall hoes get ready to lose all that attention yall got ii plan on takin it all haha
found some craisins in my bag SUCCESS!
Specials for the Hawks tonight are 6 Ketel, Jger, SoCo and Jack doctornks.
Huge game let's go
Thanks for your donation today Troy, really appreciate it.
o better than me.
I doctorpped orchestra this semester.
I'll probably resurrect Fred this summer.
Already getting excited for this year's !
Heading to Richmond..
we'll be around town today and tonite..Keep ya posted..
Winning has nothing to do with anything, its which team is more fun to watch.
The Pirates to me are the more fun, exciting team.
I would like to say as a fan of Andy that his soul rest with God and will forever be remembered in our Hearts...he passed Sept 11, 2011!
In shortfor storyboards/directing, try to make most elements have a meaning/reason behind it.
Did that help?
:
Um..
Yeah..
no comment.
sleepisbetter 
thanks for the RTs!
:
Well....at least you're being honest...
for SHARING right??!?
;
it loaded fine on my iPad2; the button controls are too small to use, did fullscreen and some rotations, then crashed
hang in there buddy 
Sure thing, Sarah.
: I'm great, just cold out.
Love that you love performing arts, and keep fighting the good NOH8 fight.
Celebrate the leaving of the snow tomorrow with a waffle.
Its how your elders wouldve done it.
that's like telling journalists to disclose their unnamed sources in articles
to much homework
come out to eat with me n Nayi
What do you get if you cross a bird with a monstrous snarl?A budgerigrrrrr!
or how about cat on a hot tin roof?
Are the boyz still in Cali??
We're about to
Yes!
Do it!

Phone sex w/ Sabrina 
Ok this is cute.
My kids are signing Blue October songs in their room.
Into the Ocean...so adorable....
make sure you let your customers know milk it for all it's worth.
Miss you too!
What you been up to?!
Had a great time last weekend in Maryland!
Great staff  customers for cooking demos.
Thanks!
Effective communication is 20 what you know and 80 how you feel about what you know.
Jim Rohn
Dude has a real dog leash on his child.
Not the backpack, but a straight leash.
Pittsburgh  Check out this article on Friday's HomelessSummit from the Pittsburgh PostGazette
whenever i get an email from it makes my whole day!!
hahaha surely God knew from the beginning that the iPhone would come someday...
Its my Birthday 3
: Being ugly and having a bad attitude should be a crime
Awesome : your abs are gonna be hwat!!
Cool!
That was me 30 years ago.
Huge hall in downtown LA, thousands of people getting sworn in.
Very exciting.
Hey sorry it wasn't you.
We love you
: Partying Hollywood style heroin isn't the answer
Got new HTC EVO.
Love phone.
2 issues.
Miserbly short battery life  struggling with video calls with my kids who use skype.
Fascinating story about his life and the business of hockey.
spending mothers day with my 2 babies ....
my man  my son
RT : working on helping an orphanage in Haiti!
// Stay connected for more information
Jan junction bound.
my thoughts and prayers go out to the people indonesia
I laid my problems out one by one and the only answer I could come up with was
momo I got one
off to the ICA.
Already got yelled at by a cab doctorver.
Maybe I'll go two for two on my social fears  get yelled at by an art security guard
breakfast tomorrow?
:D
Those people that stood there and watched the Harper home run roll back down the hill are crazy.
I'd of jumped the fence.
Enoying this beautiful warm California day!
It's a great day to be alive!
My head is going to asplode from all this cover letter writing.
As.
Plode.
I'm curious!
twas just a trend bb.
why are you acting so moist.
Awesome show last night!
It's up for another week here at come down and check it out!
One of those things you only try once MT : Ironing shirt you're already wearing for last minute touchup will rarely end well
no way!
clean white shirt and a full belly :
It is you!
Hope you are well.Been a long time.
laying in bed, remembering a conversation in your head, and imagining what you should've said
that would be awesome!!!
lmao
Thank you to for his birthday wishes!
Best.
Husband.
Ever.
So many parents showing their kids how to use the library at the Ballard branch!
Love it.
High School walks you to the end of the plank, college shoves you off.
If they do away with soft serve ice cream there will be hell to pay RT New deal reached for sale of Golden Corral restaurants
I hate when my ears get plugged up.
The Resurrection: Why It Matters and Why I Believe It
That said, the better timing certainly would have been, oh, say 2030 years ago
Such a waste of a day
I THOT u sed u started a new post already...
like any hour ago lol like about tancrede ro leo/ benjamin..
Sorry you've waited all of your 15 yrs Coyotes but we've waited 19 yrs.
This is OUR CONFERENCE CHAMPIONSHIP.
I don't wanna go to work :
Love Stamos too.
Full house is the best show ever.
Saggot was brillliantRT : Oh, jeebus.
Stamkos hat trick already?!
College football is rolling along, how is your team doing?
More importantly how are you doing in the BARTAB BOWL!?!
1 doctornks
Shhhh....reading now!!!
indeed it was a tragedy, one that could have been prevented.
It's just that simple.
the procrastinator's cry
I cant wait till tomorrow I will finally do the m1kenobi show on Wednesday.
As long as you GIVE...
please!
Now playing on playlist: call me maybe by Carly Rae jepsen
thank you, Thou elvishmark'd, abortive, rooting hog!
Sherlock.
No question.
RT : Suicide by chemicals...
That is great to hear!
Thank you for the shoutout.
Awesome video!
Thanks for sharing that and ShineYourDivine!
HUGE grocery store visit.
Feels good.
I fee a lot better now.
I just ...
really want an extra large coffee
Dude, u are unmarried  had no steady girlfriend.
How do u understand women jokes?
scene cards today and maybe reading through a new script.
Suggestions for dark doctorma a la The Matrix?
7:23am Still awake.
Ughh.
Can't sleep.
Too occupied.
Suffering on the hot side of the pillow while the cold one charges.
right, until iPhoto gives u a database error and it wants to fix it and then it stalls out to the spinning wheel o'death.
why is my hubby nt talking to mii
Wht to do
We are days away from an absolutely amazing show!
The Rajiv Halim Quintet LIVE at Red Kiva on March 21st 2012!
Are you ready Chicago?
She almost hit me last year!
On the call ladies!
Can't wait.
So much fun testing for my first cord in Capoeira.
After 2 years getting ready for it, I hope I pass.
:
Nice cnbc for the 1545.27 this is all going to santa
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahah, why do you say that?
LADY HOMI BDAY BASH FRIDAY NIGHT  CLUB ELEGANCE 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!!
HOSTED BY DJ ROK  MIKE DEAN KITCHEN OPEN 21
Welcome to the 13 time world champion Green Bay Packers !!!
i follow
NP!
I'm all over the twitter game today.
No one's yelled at me yet, so I feel like I haven't been annoying enough ;
Happy Moms Day !
I'd like to see him back in Arlington...solid player and from what I hear, a great guy.
Phew!
The brunch was To.
Die.
For.
Delicious!
when will it be?
Hopefully not early that week because i'll be out of town
Whats Up Its been a while since I been On Hmu!!!
Life Has Been A rRollerCoaster Ride Lately
Manager's Meeting for the 8th annual Cooperstown Classic is at 8am.
Rise  shine!
Just 1 hour away from Art doctornks!
It's at Maya from 5:30 to 7:30pm.
Have a doctornk, toss your name into the raffle, and mingle.
See ya there!
hey: so would you make me the happiest girl in the world and follow me?:

// so I remain blameless we should pick a day next week and have said doctornks
Playing 5/10 for the first time!
Currently 1200, probably wont have many updates cuz phone is pretty brutal to text with.
Smoking gets my hormones jumping!!!
Omg.
Wild and wacky weather tonight in the SF Bay Area!!
I'm not taking my mom no where, I'm cooking  that only happens once a year.
Ubetter take lots of pictures b/c Geronimo has huge pawswill B BIG when he's older!
Pls Dogs can't eat chocolate its poison2them
That would actually be a travesty.
Let the pregame routine begin.
It's futbol day
RT : Bobby Brown on Whitney: I'm not the reason she's gone: Plenty of chatter has persisted over the years about what......
Thx for having me minister tonight at UNITEDHS while your in LA.
Believing huge things for you guys!
Haha for sure bruh..
Too long
inception blew my mind.
I've learned that pleasing everyone is nearly impossible, but pissing everyone off is way easier, and fun as hell.
Time to go back in time.
RT Mama White , Daddy Black So That Ass Super Fat !
I LOVE YOU
Nice, I'm sure U killed it.
Lemme know when U make it out this way again RT : oh it wasn't a complaint...
Tis a good thing!
Marketing goals should complement the strengths of the social media platforms you use.
Don't presume they're all the same!
u fuckin nasty
yes they are yours!
We are calling you right now!
SOLD!
didn't catch this, thanks mister James
new beat I guess
Triumph is back on tonight!
awesome
Omg they tell all follow : 
yeah no doubt!
I'm more of a warm weather fan especially when I spent most of March in 75 degree weather
Ok cool I'll let you know.
Hi Brittany, nice to meet you!
Are you from the Twin Cities originally?
A beautiful, cold and overcast day.
Perfect for editing!
broncos are going to fire him if he doesn't produce down the stretch i think RT : Done in Denver?
Broncos' McDaniels under fire.
RT : Depend on nobody.
BEING SINGLE HAS ITS UPS AND DOWNS!!!!
Where you go, I'll go.
DASER Toothbilled bowerbirds don't build bowers  this is an important point in Gerald Borgia's presentation.
You're welcome.
Have I asked you yet what the class was on?
Rangers are on a fucken role!
Great day!
Cumulus/L.A.
made cuts, including KLOS PD/afternoon guy Bob Buchmann and market legend Jim Ladd, who'd been doing nights on KLOS.
My car is so dirty but I don't have time to wash it because I'm too busy studying for finals
still mixing doctorms.
man what time is it...
So now I'm part of the family...
far from
Thanks for the follow voices voiceover voice over
Are you trying to get a retweet...because you got one.
touched : you da best sports reporter evvvvaaaaaa
Thanks for the RT!
How do you feel about reunited Refused?
we should clean your bhole
Austin Rivers looks good with the ball in hand.
He gets to the rack at will but his play doesnt seem to affect his team in a positive way.
John Grisham new favorite pro storyteller, he's a Cards fan...
loving your tweets!
Thanks so much for sharing.
2days 1 of my random don't feel like being productive days.
Happens once in awhile.
Probably so I don't run in2 brick wall at full speed.
I know, I know, slow down.
On another note, I'm thinking a trip to San Diego may be in order in Nov.
Snow flurries.
Wind chills in the teens.
Caribbean vacation anyone?
If Manchester United vs.
Manchester City counts, then yes.
Whoops!
yeah, I totes meant NBC...that show was so bad!!!
I tried to give it a chance, but I couldn't sit through it.
Lolol.
trying to find Lynn on Omegle x this is hard!
I don't giveAF if a celeb doesn't follow me if he wants to he wants to if heisn't well u just lost a fan if I wer fame I would follow every
If you can't feed a hundoctord people, then feed just one.
Mother Teresa
Cinnamon rolls were like the cupcakes of the '90s.
wait, what's the question?
If it's about 's perfection, I vote yes.
cc:
i unt you too ;
doctorft season is here  The PR Playbook movement is growing!
Athletes, agents, coaches  PR pros  request your copy!
My carDA3078has new car inspection valid til 2013 but can't renew registration b/c records show inspection needed.
What can I do?
The CW canceled Ringer, but somehow Whitney got renewed on NBC?
Why?
Q: What did the blonde do when she found out she was pregnant with triplets?
A: She went looking for the three guys.
With sophisticated targeting, B2C is not always mass media, tho
um you should probably punch that dbag in the throat.
Wtf
Watching some old videos of me doing Karate when i was like 10!
LMAO
Rehearsal, then private gig, then solo piano  vocal at red, white and Bluezz in Pasadena this evening!
break a leg
thanks man I'm coming up for a visit one of these weekends
lol are you referring to Dj Pornstar?
Thanks to for throwing down the dare to feed those in need!
served 14,543 meals in Sept thanks to donors
Hailey, only sometime do you have a scrublike mentality
The first year after college is when you figure out who your lifetime friends are.
99 of ppl who say they'll keep in touch, don't.
Irvin got arrested after his pro day...his pro day...stupid pick
Lakers got the win way to go Lakeshow
Hang in there, girl.
Going to try something crazy...
committed the code as is because I am 99.999999 sure I am going to need to rollback.
Thanks for having us!
You say tomato, and I say tomato.
love you long time.
Getting set up for vsnam12!
Proud to be a Diamond Sponsor!
ya'll crack me up.
please follow and let her know i sent yu
: Capricorn is often good at math which explains why they are such pains in the ass.
ARIANA GAVE ME SHOUTOUT OH MY GODOH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY DEDEADEADEAD
Just wanted to say God Bless our U.S.
Veterans!!!!!!!
I personally couldn't, or rather, wouldn't want to imagine my life without ya'll :
call more dudes come to tonight!
Things only get worse before they get better ...
so when your down out always remember things will get better.
yep that chalk is nasty, the gel is cold also
Thanks, Nick!
No problem.
He's like a brother, I can talk to him for you if you want?
Have him tell me what he's doing?
oh no!
That happens way 2 often!
Hope it works out ok  mom STOPS!!!
:
Tricky situation for TCU..Purke is sore and doctorft eligible and turned down4mil out of hs..tough sledding for coaches
I'm listening to Matched by Ally Condie now.
Highly recommend the audio books.
The reader's voice really captainres ur imagination
Just an FYI women is plural WOMAN is singular!
There is a HUGE difference!
Plural means MORE than one imjustsaying Educate yourselves
Last night, my bf completed his fafsa in 10 mins by importing his tax data.
I remember when it took at least 1.5 hours  nice improvement!
The strongest most wonderful things in life cannot be seen......thats y ppl r blind to wats around them...
Why is it that the Digital Humanities panels at MLA are packed and rockin', but  ASECS everyone seems vaguely depressed?
sometimes when you're in love, there are things that you feel that you can't really explain.
It doesn't make sense
THANKS MN Wild  SportAdore!
I'm totally pumped and STILL excited...
Scuba diving
same here.
Didyouknow every year the sun loses 360 million tons
We Support Teachers!
Teachers will receive a 15 discount at Towne Centre Furniture in Havana, FL 32333!
In order to qualify please add us
: my excuse is YOLO for everything toxic shock syndoctorme?
dw you have me ;D
Time is here check your watch!
Get into and join the end of Marchmadness bring ur own swatch and get 15 off ur meal
And one!
Al needs to play well.
I've made my way back to Twitter world.
We'll see how it goes ....
whats everyone up too this saturday?!
Im pissed, I thought the Packers played at 12!
I woke up early
AJStream Gingrich is a historian just as Bachman is a neuro surgeon.
A tongue ring revokes all yo gangster rights
vote to make a change in cleveland muni clerk of courts vote PAVARINI
Not having a laptop has freed myself up to lots of things, but I need to get back to workTime is !
I Don't Want to Miss a Thing  Aerosmith
is geeking out over Getting Things Done.
David Allen is my new god.
RT RT : Our nonpitcher is better than your nonpitcher
yeah!
Do you??
If shawty want a 200 date ima take her bungee jumping where it cost 100 each time to jump and hope that cord break the second
lucky charms 3333
Thanks TEEARA!!
Let's play soon.
I miss you.
We will probably never understand black holes or why women fall madly in love with douchebags.
Thanks Tony!
I don't go on that lol.
If his croup is THIS bad in the morning, I'm afraid for what tonight will bring.
Tweeting from my mobile device.
I'm cool
Heard on the Oriole radio broadcast earlier that WeiYin Chen's parents are at the game tonight..
they got to see a great effort
!!!
It's almost gametime.
You ready?
That's what I was thinking.
Remember: All HCPL branches will be closed Friday, April 6.
Stock up on books, videos, etc today!
you keep doin you tonight cos i'm doin me OH YEAH.
Hi Yes, we were there last night I remember you and your family : My kids were the older asian kids,
Awesome app for helping let my colleagues/contacts find where I'm going to be when at sxsw
thanks so much, you rule!
Check out The AC Guys in Las Vegas for all your Air Conditioning needs
bring on the dip!!
helps communication, especially knowing how to effectively use the least amount of words to get your idea across.
thanks for the love Jen!!!
Halloween gives everyone a chance to wear what they may not otherwise, and this includes sexy costumes for demure ladies
Soo we r at the mall right now walking behind Eddie kennison dat use to play wit the Kansas city chiefs!!
crying Bc when u meet 1d and the wanted they will fal In love with u bc ur pretty
We're at SMCF2012 across from !
Stop by our table!
Funny, hey?
There's always something out there!
Wow, that's awesome!
I hope he made it safely across.
was afraid you wouldn't understand it, 
thatmagicmoment when a person finally realizes that democrats and republicans are the same bucket of fail.
Big EverN fan here, use ToDo 4 iPhone.Does Omni bring it all together?
Go pack!!
thanks.
OMFG you came?!?
I feel so bad.
Is there a code?
OH REALLY.
you wouldn't have said it in the first place then.
i think the power is going on my computer.
also there is a break in the power cord.
sometimes it just turns off all of the sudden.
Wow, my todo list for today is done and I can actually work ahead?
Monday's aren't usually this productive.
I suspect foul play...
I done talking about SB.
Im not giving that guy any more attention.
Who even listened to that podcast before today?
Any less and you're always stuck cleaning up the mess at the end of the semester anyway, and passing on students' issues.
Its all right.
It was my choice.
I am not ashamed.
My name is out there.
Fine.
This is an important cause.
for real no child deserves to go through that abuse is horrible alone so when it's a child and an infant it's even worse !!
heck yes , you far from arlington tho , thats where ill be at haha :/
Thanks!
It looked like you had a good time, and that you showed that bottle of Ninkasi a good time, too.
I dont wanna take them off
then again, first comedy episodes are notoriously bad.
I will still watch.
Naw, but I DID fall asleep with my face on the keyboard again...you know how we roll...
Just got back from an Intel HPC round table meet in Washington.
Much NDA MIC fun ;
Rocked some nosebleeds at the Twolves game tonight.
This team is on the rise and has some dedicated fans.
do it!
I did it to T.
SHe wouldn't move.
It was funny.
TigerBeatLovesASW All the way!
;
BOW BOW BOW le go!!!
Its just not one of those working days.
I wonder if, somewhere on twitter, there's someone genuinely trying to give away walmart gift cards.
shut up piece of shit I've lost all respect for you.
Media is so ridiculous suck mavs dick when they win the ring, then this?
cause they blow
Thanks for the follow back.
I hope you'll enjoy the stuff I write or that comes out of nevermet press.
20ThingsIlove my brothers.
I've settled down and started my latest adventure...
a real estate business.
Please endorse us!
Love
all these new shows on disney channel are gay as fuck.
yeah, s1 was super creepy when you only saw the hat but even that got annoying.
I almost quit watching but then they showed zq.
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
I might need to phone it in today.
Next time only one mimosa at brunch.
Mavs, Heat or just don't care?
What's your opinion?
I hate feeling uncertain on what to do in situations.
my apologies for the trouble, can i help?
Yes, lots of weighing in on Sophie 103.7's new format .
Programming changes can make listeners crazy.
I will only attend if can promise me a full 15 minutes of political commentary from Bruce Johnston.
Why do people find it hot that I'm French German Scottish and Irish?
O.o
I'LL GOOGLE WHICH ONE IS CLOSER.
He is a man on a mission today.
Someone's going to have a happy cat!
Skintastic ...results you can count on for hair removal, facial rejuvenation, Smart liposuction, Quicklift  more 9726203223
Sitting here throwing up gang signs...bored AF
Just don't nail animals to the back of the house.
please DM acct or phonezip, i'll check into the trouble for you
i'm in serious debt but trying my best to work out of it :
I agree 100 Skip Stephen A.
can't say nothing about that.
LOL
How u call urself World peace when u foul everybody feeling the man meat
Great fundoctorising for Miracle on Canal Street with our auctions!
We raised 7100!!!
Does your child have a favorite healthy snack?
Yayy i changedd my twitter name!
at least its a little betterr
You will respect me.
Simple as that.
When's things start changing...
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
If you would be loved, love and be lovable.
Benjamin Franklin 
I'm tired of all these turnovers and fouls :
how is it all of a sudden so difficult to block a number?
me in vacation the best : school no!!
;
Thanks everyone for Howlin' !
Jam with us on the hashtag newplay next week, same time.
Sent to your email
Success is defined by reaching ones goal, and reaching back to help the next reach their goal....Don't stop short of your success.
i appreciate it.
much love xoxo
just keep trying!
don't give up.
curious to see your excitement level if you had won something.
lol
The new animated series stupidasso by stlouis 's very own animation studio Stu Pidasso Studios premieres in 39 days on www.stupidasso.com
just read 87 blog posts.
in 6 days.
SAD blog posts.
dear , i am now about to eat my feelings.
you are a loser.
they should have gone for the suckfest trifecta of Shows, Greene, and TV Teddy
I would marry my iphone if I could.
San Francisco photographer commercial Napa wedding bay area siliconvalley silicon
hyvee is for squares.
well you listen to mine too!
It's why were here for each other xD
I thought I read rapper at first.
Lol.
YES!
RT if i interview gotye at coachella, i am totally going to call him walter.
What if you could makeover your house and come in WAY under budget.
I show even newbies how easy that is to achieve.
Keep more money!
If you work really hard, and you're kind, amazing things will happen.
Just what I needed to see right now, and it just found me.
you gotta remember it's all doctornks left.
And doctornker Canadians.
A big thank you to for sharing your time  experience.
You're the best!!!
remembering how awkward middle school was....I was always really quiet until recently.
broke outta mah shell, now I never shut up
FAT FAT YOU'RE FAT
got one in the fridge waiting for me.
maybe shd roast a chicken just to have it in the fridge?
FESTIVUS FOR THE HELL OF US.
SMBAustin : I hope that new technology will make it easier for people who have not historically had their voices heard.
This week off from work has been amazing!
We are on a journey of becoming that which we already are.
That is the impossible paradox of our lives.
Leonard Jacobson
The book was stressful to read.
Square niggaz where there feelings trill niggaz freeze them
Our pleasure.
We do what we can!
RT : Sweet of to kindly remind me immediately after the game that the Heat lost.
Thx!
hey buddy I'm going to go 0.02 per ball you get.
Put me in the book.
It's a great thing ur doing!

Wiz Khalifa  Busted For Weed?
Really?
Y'all surprised?
In other news the sky is blue
S/o to all da females who went and copped to jellies when they came back out.
Lmao in every color!!!
: i have no idea of political implications of MS grammar check, though would love to research it!
Excellent news!!
The is so hectic this week that I'm actually resorting to coffee.
Sorry cup of tea, my old friend you're just not up to job today.
thanks for checkin out last night !
I AM Gonna Be The Next !!
Determination:
Thanks for the RT!
Our Twitter feed: SLUVCC2012
Looking forward to father's day, I am getting the new samsung tab 10.1.
That awkward moment when you doctornk when you're mad and say things you don't mean.
Report: Inner Harbor hotel to get new ownership  WBAL Baltimore
I wonder if Baylor's team helps mark crosswalks when they're not on the court.
Mitchell's interception shows just how much more athleticism the Ducks have.
A 1hand snag.
All Oregon now, make those Rose Bowl plans
I try my best not to let my emotions get to me when they say bad things about the Yankees I just ignore it for the most part.
I just changed my password so I don't get hacked too
Which is ridiculous, it's the most natural thing on the planet!
They should be more worried about the food their eating!
I loved that you managed to work this into the panel.
I know it was purely for your own entertainment.
:
your not in love, you just want some pussy.
No.
Don't you have one you go to in Kentucky alot?
Lol
Oh im sorry !
I hope your fever cools down !
:
There should be two terms trending tonight for sure Clippers and
That's going to be a really good look RT My hair is gonna be red just like tomorrow :
When you go to the doctorgstore, why are the condoms not in with the other party supplies?
Did finally get a new Avi?!?
I'm allergic!
i want your hair!
Give me your hair?
Thankyou love ;
cello: the proper way to answer the phone.
ItsAwkwardWhen you kno Miami is better than the Knicks  couldn't close them out...
virtual rubberband snipe
Everyone Follow Its My Up And Coming Crew Of Artist And We'll Love Your Support!
shut UP Christina
Is it one of the tracks you guys produced yourselves?
It sounds amazing!
Thanks for the blog tweets!
Hope you're having a lovely day!
I saw a tweet saying it was fake.
Have you seen that?
Still working on this Gospel song I'm writing ..
been practicing why Georgia, beautiful song man.
I'm a fingerpicker still tryin to get this cool rhythms you do w/ fingers?
I speak the truth, but thats a foreign language to you all.
Happy Monday!!
It's rise and Grind time!
What can you do today that will make your tomorrow brighter?
Current Justin Morneau return timeline  'In about a week...'
Best Original Screenplay for for Super.
That'd be a lovely surprise.
Ohh boo cry me a fuckin' river !!
.
Just build a bridge and get the fuck over it .'
thanks for letting me know.
I think they are trying to force everyone to use Chrome.
Police Director DeMaio, Chief Coley  the entire Newark Police family would like to wish you  your family a safe  happy holiday season!!!
have fun.
Talk to you soon.
Good spot  Ha!
Love your use of pro tip!
Tired of being who everyone wants me to be..
I'm tired of pretending I'm happy..
I just wanna start a new life with him  never come back..
Haha i mean who doesn't have a basilica these days?
right, I know!
I am from ME but live in OR.
Tired of having to fly into Manch to get a cheap flight...heard this was coming.
I just entered to win a lovely blue WordPress shirt from !
NO RT Did we hear this right?
The Tbone is saying farewell from the menu?
yayyyy: let me know when your free and I'll let you know when I am
Crying in your friends arms...
Memphis is known for the blues and we have a blend of country with it for u.
Authentic?
If so, good deal.
I forget if that Cavs one you linked is authentic.

thanks for the great dinner tonight bro.
Loved the octopus , black cod.
man i miss getting high ......
fuck getting a job.....
that what u use i always look for ideas to keep my hands n tip top condition and thats not gay no homo
Boyfriend came on my pandora...
Merry Christmas peeps!
Ha.
I will work harder on Tweeting for you guys!
let's meet up for lunch again.
aight lol good night RT : no wi see why u come late casue yo ass go to sleep late..GO TO SLEEP ..GOOD NIGHT!..:
watchoo got against Ukraine!?
quotes The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
Better pro prospect Sullinger or Thomas Robinson?
I bet iknow the one thing my wifes mom is watching now wrestlemania llabplease retweet
sometimes this SV crap goes to people's heads.
come on kids you are only successful when you are actually a success.
think outside the box!?
screw the box.
good morning south florida
I wish my dogs would have told me they were gonna put a tracking device in my body while I was sleeping.
I probably wouldn't have woken up.
307 is forever slow.
Stupid.
and headed to NCSC  will be judging the top sales students
LOL...negative.
I'm
lol no you go to sleep .
wait, that didn't come out right.
You know what I mean.
San Antonio in the house!
: amasummit ls12 is starting out strong in Chicago.
Excited to be representing San Antonio
This girl need to gtfo our class bitch..
She talk too much
Interesting piece in response to the Adele storythe you note isn't technically appoggiatura.
Though ttill a tearjerker.
Picked monologue for the next round of auditions for going to be doing Eva the bartendercant wait!
I love this business!
I'm watching travel channel and they are talking about how awesome little dix bay is.
Sounds horrible to me
Hey i just met you, and this is crazy, but heres my number, so call me maybe:
Music is the poetry of the air.
hahaha sorry bro just got off work, are u on collage??
this is all my mom talks about: how excited are you gonna be when u meet them, u have to look hot n cute, Y wouldn't they
Did you know that Clyfford Still is recognized as one of the founders of abstract expressionism and that its roots began in 1944?
tweet something woman!
Audibles What team is flying completely under the radar?
still singing high school musical songs, thanks
Game Plan Of A Changed Man
Just realized people who put like this for a truth is on fb have no lives, and people who like it, definitely like the attention?
: he was like yelling hello at me, it was so cute.
GM.
Can the Colts get cap relief if they pay Peyton the bonus and still trade him to a team or does the  stay on their cap?
The only reason why I wanna see BattleShip is because is in it
your welcome;
Quote of the day: I'm suprised Disney doesn't have firework during a Festival of Joy...
God likes fireworks too!
Doesn't he?
my house is filled with nomadic boxes seeking their final resting spot.
WhenImAlone I'm bored.
u got any shows coming up?
Happy Valentine's Day!
Thank you and to you as well!
Happy WW.
Cheers!
GIveObamacreditfor...
anything you want to.
Obama is big enough to take it.
We've entered the triple digits in the cart  our poor fridges/gear are struggling.
Gonna close up at 4pm.
Back tomorrow at 11am!
I think Word List Expert is the best.
Sweet!
Tickets are on presale tomorrow, right?
So many lucky new employees.
Very nice.
Watching the jobs board for the next round of openings.
oh just ate bowl of oatmeal , banana.
And eating brown rice with the chicken..
That 6to 8times a day lol
u ignore me lol
I hope you'll hear me in the street humming, sofly breathing out your name.
I'm NOT the one to be coppin attitude with sweety:
Hang on guys...
Only a few hours left of work...
text me .
Who was you tweet about
Only 1 person in 2 billion will live to be 116.
No never.
He is an amazing athlete.
I luv Hendo, but I don't think he nor Gustaffson stand a chance, but in MMA u never know.
school In class: 112 In homework: 12710 In test: if richard has 4 oranges and gives 1 away, calculate the sun's mass .
BOYFRIEND  exited for bieber
I need Chapstick
Loving all my friends in this industry....
Its a fun business to be apart of.
Thanks you for checking me out too!
Blessing!
Good call!!
i love seeing family
Following the doctormbeat of the Self isn't easy.
Practicing asking my mind to follow  serve, rather than race worriedly ahead.
miss a bit of the first???
If they're down by 2 or more goals, we'll know who to blame!
two days left..then a week of relaxation
Headed back to Hamilton Park
in a larger sense you are correct, the point I was trying to make has escaped me.
Aye Yo, looking at this Katana's on Craigslist, bahhaha
yay congrats on the new record!
Can't wait to crank it UP!
I can't stand lies.
Catch me on SunsetBlvd 2nite Wit my PHILLY/LA Team doctornks ON TOP OF doctorNKS 2NITE...
Oh yea
Totally agree.
Accountability seems to be a lost art and I have no problem with coaches demanding a little.
I just ran a red light and cussed while I was on the phone with my mom.
TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY!
CAN I GET A FOLLOW OR HAPPY BIRTHDAY WISH PLEASE!?
:
That makes twice that the Rangers dugout had to make a quick move to avoid a getting hit by a foul ball.
Nice reflexes!
The most entertaining part of NFLdoctorft is listening to the live coverage of commentators talking as if EVERY pick will produce immediately.
Will y'all be my Valentine?
CAn be a thousand words have 100 meanings!
Said almost everyday!
Can hurt!
Can make u smile for while that word that word
skinny andoctorw zimmern is nearly as terrifying as skinny al roker.
I'm doing the exact opposite  not eating.
Not a good habit, I know :/
we don't have set plans for it yet but I'll look into it for you!
Many musical thanks for following, to , , and
How do you like that new Remix by You Da Boss
yes you do
2011 Essentials Grammy Gifting Lounge pictures are posting on our main website: www.sakirivodka.com
ive been searching for that answer, i just hope i get it now !
Fabulous yourself!
noice!
We are all avid park watchers.
New episodes wednesday!
That shit is a trip I hear though.
Yep.
Remember these dudes.
How about Press Secretary?
Those would be the best press conferences EVER.
LOVE HIM EVEN IF HIS NAME IS LIKE DAT I DONT KARE IF PPL LAUGH AT HIS NAME HEZ STIL MA BOO
Just got back from Riverview with Raven, Nya and Kiki...
I can't find Kiki now.
:/.
What kinda sandwiches you working with today?
I know but it looks so much better then going to hs
Awesome!!!
What days are you free?
Barack's pretty much free anytime, so we'll definitely meet you for some free golf lessons!!
Lol yeah i thought they did too
RT : Seeking assistance for your education?
Apply for the Gary Yoshimura Scholarship.
Deadline is Jan.
30!...
This might be a nonsmoking hotel room, but the room's still chewing a lot of nicorette.
Good seeing you at Celtics game, T.
that's so you know its real, cuz i don't share ;
Dont worry aunt cindy....ill be with you sooner than you think.
96 degrees by the pool today!
:
Honestly, I kinda miss sitting at the table.
RT: so close to 3000 followers.
We have an elf on the warehouse roof ready with party poppers Which employee lost that bet?
Hope everyone is having an amazing day!!!
Did squats in the garage today.
They didn't have a bad day either.
I don't think its unexpected.
When you argue about big things in politics, division is the only possible result.
Open your mind to new ideas everyday
Need to hire older guy for more perspective.
Women friends come to me for great advice
yo, having another be the host contest?
Still think got robbed.
Agreed.
yeah he told me.
I didn't know the rents were out tho.
If I get out on time I was gonna stop by anyway
Settle down.
I tried to re tweet but couldn't never trying to steal credit wasn't enough space to credit.
working on a reorder for imprinted plush bears.
Thanks Meredith!
Mother's day is this Sunday.
Why not suprise her with some great Bamboo clothing!
Thats what being able to shower and talk on the phone at the same time will do to you.
Better late than never!
Looking forward to shoot in a few hours with Miller!
feeling a lil better today, another surgery in a month to hopefully wrap this all up.
Xoxo
What's up Thanks for the follow.
me too :D
Gus Johnson on the callclose finish guarantee.
It's my birthday
Good job security
I had forgotten all about the Monkees walk!
I was remembering the pretend Monkees the neighborhood girls put together.
I was Mike.
I guess not an a believer in negative apocalypse.
We are all writing chapters of our stories with conflicts, love, and growth.
quotes leadership A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
Max Lucado
What exactly RT : Taking one for the team
thanks for the retweet!!
Toepick mother fucker!
man im so used to wakin up early everyday that on my day off i can't even sleep late
Happy Friday, Peeps!
If you were at yesterday's PRSANCC event see I was right.
Fri.
did come!
Ashleigh's producer Jameel is incredible!
At Gravity Studios, Chicago!
Everybody let's trend
Just registered for Miami Man 1/2 Iron Man in November.
Bourbon, muddled mint  lemon, curaao!
Eastern Standard makes them nice and delicious!
At the and going through an incredible training on improving presentations.
As you see the world is still here that old guy was on crack lol
Training time: our weekly call with the best training team in the nation
It was so pretty!
Like a leopard!
Oh man, had I stepped on it I would have had to call Mark to get rid of the evidence.
Ramen Report: PopUp Yuji Brings BrothFree Bowls To Williamsburg
I'm at the CSA Awards honoring Casting Directors and having a blast...What are you doing to honor YOUR greatness today?
Couldn't even eat half of a 6 inch sub from Subway.
Stupid braces..
Arthur Bryant burnt ends ...
Yum!
Leaving my heart bruised really isnt a smart move Cuz thats how you get your ass pushed out a moving car pool
Why twitter.
Why won't you upload my pic for me?
Hubby just walked by and only noticed the pervert and discipline part of your sentence and said What the hell are you doing?
Did you find the yearbook stash in the library storage room?
Sarah Vowell just signed Unfamiliar Fishes!
That was fun.
I benefitted immensely from enlarging my group of women friends.
It's been an unexpected source of joy
tsdday I heard ten really great stories today.
Which ones resonated with you?
It's supposed to snow tonight!
I'm feelin a latestart tomorrow.
Or better yet, no school at all?
Cee Lo Green looked like a blinged out Tucan Sam.
HCR came on while I was shopping!
I freaked out  then got kicked out!
Dance Like a Stripper by  Performing LIVE May 19th!!!!
THIS SATURDAY!!!
We Shooting A
Go confidently in the direction of your doctorams!
Live the life you've imagined.
Thoreau
Dawkins is 38, 15 years in NFL
I'm not your robot
Just saw someone younger than me on cable TV being interviewed as a political strategist.
Strange.
BIEBERonTheVOICE ugh when I see this video no more ovaries
I miss
My parents got me another orioles shirt as a congrats present :D
Yay, just got my Alabama Shakes vinyl.
This is a good album w grt songs.
This is more than just retro throwback
They asked that same question on 4/28.
That's weird.
can you follow me back pleasee??
heck no I was already naked xD
what job you applying for?
i dont get a mention in that tweet.....haha
Number of South Sudan crisis.
Government official expresses confidence in a clash over much of man.
On to the next game...
Wow what a grind...
That'd be great!
I'll arrive around 7.
How should we make the handoff happen?
Im having the Worst day
You can't change the World but you can always change yourself So if you and I start to change then we have already begun changing the world
They're probably just gonna have us climb through the horse statues' stomach holes.
Pretty basic.
come to Blush Mequon, we are the only freestanding boutique in the Midwest to carry the brand!
It's beyond amazing;
jets killed me tonight
I cant go to the game tonight so give the tickets to someone else who replies!
Thanks for supporting the team, though!
So much for run support
hahah will do!
Rush's on starvation in PortauPrince: Get a little capitalism in Haiti
Congrats to the for defeating Hamilton 156!
Josh Simms had 5 goals  1 assist for the Outlaws
Fact: No school book will ever teach you how to heal a broken heart.
no teacher will tell you how to move on.
RT : RT And now back to the lab 7dayworkweek w/ 
good work with the composting!
how do the prices for masters' merchandise compare?
Joey Diamonds Fashion is becoming popular in another Texas city.
Taking over city by city.
Diamonds All Over Ya Body lol
oh ok use u can
I owe you a shirt!
You should just pick one out when you're there!
So i guess treatin you right is not enough
They won it in 2000.
Boller was doctorfted in '03.
Rain, go away.
Late but sincere thanks for the RTs, everyone.
I followed!!!
Anyone else struggling to get into the Christmas spirit this year?
I sure am!
The Timeless Torches are real!
Champions League Final against Bayern Munich
At 2pm  recorded just last night at , the Pavel Haas Quartet with a program of Tchaikovsky, Shostakovich  Smetana.
Your arm can't reach me 
She asked him for a lock of his hair, so he cut it off, gave it to her, and she ate it ROFL too funny
When I was a shawty, I saw a U.F.O.
It was shiny, oval, fast  stopped on a dime.
I thought about it, maybe it was a being  not a ship.
I know
I agree had the ad been done better there would be little to talk about.
It was just a bad look
just thinking bout how your doing in your life.
Just missing you buddy.
Soo who else's enjoyed Justin's.
Performance last night?
: D ik I did
Hey guys, just wanted to let you know that Kenny will also be doing a free masterclass before the show at the Levine school.
check it out this week Thursday to Sunday.
Milwaukee's own SXSW Wisconsin kicks butt thats why.
check out www.theypmc.com
The sun is really doing its thing this morning!
Sorry to see it go by around 3pm.
Sniff.
rob
I am definitely in need of a crafting rebound, Joe left me very vulnerable.
Aldon make Brees all done.
2 dudes knocked out 50 more to go.
So sad to hear about the passing of Donna Summer.
Donna was a amazing artist and will be missed dearly.
Prayers go out her family.
I quit my job today!
Blog post coming soon!
oh no you didn't !
:O
Definitely happening on a couch, winning that much in public can get you killed man.
no im not and yes they are ugh!
I wanna have fun!
;
u r not winning me ovr here!
:o
Dont forget to pick up your iThinklocal card the next time you are getting your oil changed.
Orlando real estate.
Picking up steam!
Let's go!!!!
Gotta make sure he doesn't get too big for his britches
yes I am going to sign up perhaps we can do some linking of websites and perhaps guest writers on newsletter/blg
at the gym!
lightitup get a record high score with this pace woo
I know you love his style!!
I'd like to remind both of you that I called this a long time ago
Who was the genius who scouted Pedoctor Strop?
......I fired him.
No one else should take any shot the rest of the game,get melo the damn ball
why are there so many brewers fans already gone, its the postseason, be a fan regardless.
I would of gladly taken your tickets you babies
my book won't be out til next spring but i will definitely let you know.
glad to hear you are interested
good!
Cause I seriously got scared that we might have messed up his name!
haha I'm not tired yet!
I wanna party!
lol jk
Re: last tweet  I love history.
Just got my sketch pad for art now got my ballon for Brittney :D
would love to know what it is...
Pizza Hut 10 box, and watching secret life.
Love monday nights : !!!
Chicks are crazy around here....
LIKE CRAZZZZZYYYY!
Thank you much .
Wishing you and yours a joyful
Such a joyfilled day  wondering if our new bed is mostly responsible  no more backaches and actual rest happening...worth every penny :
WI election results on Tuesday foreshadow a loss in 2012.
People want fiscal sanity.
Where the fuk is Cupid when you need him...

interesting.
I'm going to try that with Norton ghost and see if it works on my micro sd card.
Thanks for the info!
Great bread, but could always use more raisins.
VERY delicious though.
Friends entertain Cville 2night!
From P.E.P.
at Live Arts to S.P.T.T.C.
at the Jefferson, Xmas shows at 4CP and Hamner.
Good luck  Enjoy!
Live, Laugh, Love
Doesn't look like Molly Munger's backing down.
doctorps another 1.5 million into her initiative.
I am!
OHMYGAWD!!!!
YES!!!!
RT: Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band at New Orleans Jazz Fest 2012 jazzfest2012 BUT : 4 Clarence
Thank you :
TWITTER.
School has been keeping me away from you :/
i look at everyone's lips.
idk..
Happy Birthday, Jeremy!
: Thanks for the FF!
Have a great weekend!
I really do not care what my President thinks about marriage.
I am more concerned if he actually knows how to run a country.
Waiting for to climb in the octagon and throw down at strikeforce.
Do your thing man!
i love those ironic moments where at the end all you can really do is just laugh at yourself for doing tht
Doing homework...
really on YouTube coughcough  I procrastinated.
Dang, do I feel guilty.
Back to homework...
g'night Twitter.
Fired UT swim coach recounts abuse, addiction
i decided not to stop dating black men i will just b patient  wait 4 God
But seriously.
It was a great day.
Even if things are up in the air...by things I mean everyTHING...I'm still okay.
:
I'm jealous!
will be so great to see you here!
you are NOT crazy.
Detroit is beautiful.
Umm Ma'am.
PLs wake up and get off my shoulder.
U only paid for one seat!
Marta!
Need good advice from a male man.
its actually BOYFRIEND6minutes 3 love you!
please reply to my dm to make my doctorams come true!
beenheresinceday1 love you!
I missed it!
That's awesome.
I can't find it online.
Do you have a link?
Thanks !
Cool Find!
No, but I did read something about it.
Any good?
RT : AnywayDoe , twitter d e a d .
Im in L.A if you want to get it off your mind!
Follow me,
She talk dirty but her mouth clean.
I forgot u gotta go to Dearborn wake his ass up than
My husband is the only person I know that cannot tell if the milk he put in his cereal is spoiled.
If you believe in love , lets get it on ;
I'm so sorry
Great series...We need a doctornk!
Buy me a ukulele.
It's FollowFriday  Check out these orgs making strides for women in science.
Hey Universal, it doesn't matter how many times you show Rihanna, I don't want to see Battleship.
I want to see Avengers again.
: Pacers can suck it.
did you hurt yourself jumping on the bandwagon ??
I cant wait to fuckin see you guys in september in Michigan!
3 MAKE IT SPECIAL THERE!!
IM SO EXCITED!
3
lol she did and than did her sleepy moan to show that she was annoyed lol.
Than she stretched and went back to sleep x
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 37
TRIPS IS GETTING MUGGED!
We look forward to seeing you at Beerhoptacular!
Between BH and the awesome FoBAB you are in for some fine brews.
Enjoy!
' ImA have to visit a store soon lol
Garth Brooks is the only thing appropriate right now.
I love Texas.
Can't wait to be back in the aouth
Also, overloaded!
:
Let's Go Rangers!!
Vegetarians of Oklahoma  the Vegetarian Society invite you, Scott  pugs to make a tour stop in the Sooner state!
The awkward moment when my math teacher is in Ian's pizza kember why the fuck r u out
I'm just afraid that the lotus is going to hurt her career.
Please don't tag me in modern InstaFace pictures made to look like old Polaroids.
I already feel old enough.
Me  Billy r at doctor Scott Linik's doggie dentist 4 recheck of gums  teeth this morning.
His patients luvvingly refer to him as Uncle Scott
Love it!
We've definitely caught Gosling fever at the IMA!
KARMA!
by .
KORN.
LIMP BISKIT.
METALLICA.
EMINEM .
LINKIN PARK!
good cover of .
shout  tears for fears!
You're welcome, Bob.
Thanks for all the great content!
:
must get started by following and before they start whining.
right!!
and one of them was my substitute, what's wrong with this world
Have to get up soon : Just 3 more days of the weekend and i'd be fine!!!
Donald Kushner of DK Sports Financial Wants to be Athletes' Financial Coach  Business Insider
always love having you on SommChat  happy
Monkey give us blow.
to whatever family member sent my mom that picture; you are dead to me.
If u came with a label people could read b4 getting to know u what would it say?
my criminal minds heart.
Oh boy.
Im gunna miss you :
Well, I can finally cross off Take a hobo shower aboard the Bainbridge Island Ferry from my
Do nonLaker fans get tacos in this case?
darn spell check.
John Cleese.
Note Close.
We just got some new Purple Diesel 
If you're really gonna call yourself an ICONiac and make fun of Nick just because he said you da bestest you're clearly a fake
: Im ready to be off work already,  im also ready to find a new job!
Lord help me!
LODOs was hiring downtown I think.
Yay for being off on my days.
Having no job sucks.
No More Prom.
!
Family Firstt !
hit a NEW level of godmode today at work...i ran thru this shit like gold supersonic
big week!!
can't wait until friday, headed to phoenix to see the hubby and enjoy some rest and relaxation!!
:
Kickoff for Holy Cross is at 4pm our time.
Good luck Indians!
Take care of business.
Strong D and smart ball control!
Happy Saturday night!
: RT : GM happy Friday
RT if your girlfriend would make a good hooker
down with learning journal!!
up with summer clothes!
youve never FFed on being a fucking idiot.
RT : Who's the flip flopper?
has never flip flopped on gay marriage.
Must be nice!
was truly amazing to be in the presence of greatness this weekend with
When you realized that you fucked yourself over 
It's a funny thing about life, if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you often get it.
Thank you Peyton!
you doesn't have to tweet it ; jk lol
king of limbs?
: I don't know whether to have a margarita or mint julep!!!
is my Jack so I guess that makes me Rose, that means I will never let go
146133 now that's an All Star game!!
Sleeping with my pillow pet tonight.
i had the craziest doctorams about what we talked about : i'll go to the gym at the same time as you tomorrow
Same refs from the Heat series last year showed up tonight.
Could be a long second half...
why use yo bank card when u can use face card
will be working from home full time this summer.
open to advice.
Very good game.
You did great.:D
He has the lucidity which is the byproduct of a fundamentally sterile mind.
Aneurin Bevan
Great observation.RT : Don't like that the Cubs are throwing the worst pitcher in baseball when they have no bullpen options.
Welp, just looked at the NFL app I just added.
My life is complete.
LOVE that!
they don't understand a tweet is only 140 characters!
that video is so good, but I'm sad Nick Offerman was on the wrong side.
As a birthday presents to myself, bought a last minute flight up to Chicago next weekend and one other thing.
Can't wait for the this weekend!
its called planking.
Where you lie flat on your stomach in weird places and have someone take a picture not a bad spot
H8 u.
; Have a wonderful time.
how'd you do that
For the glory of God.
For the sacrifices of family.
For the love of her.
And then for me...
Come over tomorrow at 2 for the game it will be fun
You are awesome.
I gave up beads for Lent...I'm making you ALL necklaces tomorrow!!!!
HAPPY EASTER
ugh life tomorrow why
she has inspired me as well!!
Good luck to the eat local restaurants participating in Rockabilly Chili today!
List includes
praying hun feel better and please take care of yourself luv u!
I shudder at the thought.
This particular blend is apparently poured through cats.
Nasty.
thank you Happy new years to you and your family
Big things are about to happen!!
STAY TUNED!!
Peace  Alignment
I do love my Samsung Infuse!
After having an iPhone, there are def pros  cons to both...
are you waiting for the iPhone5?
We pay influencers who believe in our brands.
We pay those that are authentic.
Via
yea but I think he meant be a crossover
Happy Monday...
here's to hoping this week goes fast...
Thank you for the RT.
We look forward to seeing you next week.
This must be a parallel universe because I just did my math homework
Being carried bu a lesbian
people wonder why fucked up shit happens to them, but rarely think of the fucked up shit they have done or said to others..
If it weren't for Adele, Nicki would have just ruined my hope for the future of music.
Re:Eagles/Vick Nope, ppl don't buy rehabilitation.
With US justice system, not too surprising.
I know  3 many mad Egls fans
hey!
follow your bestfriends iphone!
Will you be there for awhile?
Want to grab a doctornk with me afterwards?
Media interviewers repeatedly neglect to interview those kids most affected by daytime curfews.
Homeschool  Alternative are most impacted.
Congratulations to DePaul University College of Law  Julie Krupa and Michael Comeau  for placing first in the IP LawMeet!
Whoa, has anybody seen the changed site?
Looks awesome, love the look and content...
teacher idk but we were following each other's SinceLongTimeAgo, and i'm trying to understand why we're not followingnow xd
The Beverly Hill Titties!
Sheamus picks up first fall because of a DQ by d.bry
Happy Holidays Everyone, and Positive Energy going into the New Year.
she's making it and Ive just been working and being a good man in life.
How's your mom
One Word: sanitizer
you were beautiful before you even knew what hairspray was!
: Just believe it.
RE: MyBiggestFlaw
This state sucks I wanna move to NJ
Ugh no.
He's hideous and far less funny than people seem to think.
She can do so much better.
2 OLine trains on way home.
First 1 late and jammed; 2nd 1 no air and easily  80.
No explanations.
Do you ride these trains?
Seriously that was like the longest moment of our lives lol not complainin tho
took you long enough then haha
If anyone tells you that the Dave Matthews Band doesn't rock, tell them to shut up.
With your fist.
yeah, can u believe it?
Lol.
It's my only talent.
Lol
TOUCH has the most amazing and universal stories that are expertly woven together.
We are all connected...
even more than we think.
Great morning for Nia!
LOL!
Every morning is a great morning for a Nia workout!
Praying helps everything:
Celebrate loving memories that shine bright as a start
Maintenance management to leadership ...
that's what we're talking about today with Carla Cross!
Join us!
CEO Elisabeth Mason and SVP Julie Kashen are in San Francisco in time for Halloween.
Wondering  did Single Stoppers greet them in costume?
I'm not going 2 hop on Twitter and bash , I like her .
However ...
I will say I'm disappointed with her actions after seeing this!
awful stomach ache from that dinner ...
Feel like I might puke
State bound tomorrow yay
fuckyou and the lies you told.!
Now she wanna PHOTO 
idk bout lex but B doctornk the WHOLE damn bottle of ciroc
hello hello hello avril
Abby is kind of one of the coolest girls I know:
Brutal match today, time to sleep for 15 hrs
It comes but once every 4 years, Happy Leap Day!
The fact that it is 45degrees in Chicago is just...
aww yes haha XD plan it down to the last detail lol
Hopefully they both find a spot.
I like watching both!
so town n' country it is.....weird to know
If the rain doesn't wash away all that dirt from your car, then stop by and see us.
We'll make sure your car shines!
the one day out of 50 it has to rain, when the boys r on the lake..lol
Yesterday's Spring Bridal show was so much fun.
We enjoyed meeting lots of 2013 brides and making some new vendor friends too!
Great seeing everyone
thanks for the RT!
yeah.
I like to think it makes me awesome so I never have to cut the grass.
You only want it cause its over
Cool idea!
having your license is the best thing ever.
not true, smoke a bunt or get layed
Back at work today cant wait till Friday go back to Chicago n see my daughter
I was like wait they date?
he said yeah  that you and h always talk.
but yeah ahaha.
it would creepier if I winked.
I'm in the hallway and some chonga pulls an empanda out of her pocket.....
Warm enough to get on my bike for a bit this morning.
Is it sick to say that I miss my commute?!
Thank you for sharing this.
i think someday should be now !
Please follow me justin 35
TGIF!
What's on tap for you and your Audi this weekend?
hawks fans are mad today idek
saved me so much time today with a Python script
Macaroni  Cheese , Chicken  French fries for lunch 3 what are youu having for lunch?: Ritchelle3
little doctorgon beat go boom!
Good luck on the mix down!
happy valentines day to myself.
cool.
UGH but theres nothing to do...
its a nice day for scootering but uhh someone has your scooters.......
throws up
Marathon training day one complete.
3 miles down.
460 to go
playing anything good?
only give them a fraction.
I'll be on FaceToFace w/ and tonight!
630 outside of Las Vegas / 730 Las Vegas
Starting the countdown clock on Brad  Emily's relationship now.
SO OVER in a year!!!
: Thank you for your feedback.
We have passed it on the product team.
Nothing like locking yourself out of a running vehicle
Its hard walking away from someone you love.
But you have 2 do what's best for u
nice location too: a gym for kids.
Church rocked, clarity achieved then Bam.
Brick wall in my face.
Weird.
My kids let me cut their hair, all is well for this mommy again.
dat street cool, but its better wit flowlife
this weekend could possibly turn out to be the best of my life!
:
Hanging out with Emily and the baby;
My hair cannot commit to one popular genre of music.
Thanks dude  you too!
It was not great.
Interesting, but not delicious.
still can't find it.
lmao get on fb
have a great weekend!
let's go hawks
I've given you my all, and now I'm nothing.
This is one of our favorite tricks!
Tape works best for removing temp tattoos that have been on for 24 hrs or less.
I have no idea ;0 I wanna know too lol
And everyone though Taylor Swift was going to top Forbes.
Apparently she's a friend of a friend, and just a little obsessive.
I realized, alot of restaurants: Say, No shirt, no shoes, no service but they never said anything about, PANTS!?!
phone got taken away:/
Heat needs to stop all that fouling
Way to go, team.
Great live reports from , , and
PAX East was incredible!
Shout out to everyone we met this weekend!
You guys are the reason we do what we do.
Keep on rockin.
Wow!
Sometimes I really think the infographic is the great intellectual contribution of the internet thus far.
Ganna get the wheels today, and my skateboard tomorrow C:
Signature Live.
Right here Saturday at 8pm.......werexcited.com!!!!!!!
RK always doctorssed nicer than us : WHEN U GET NICE CLOTHES: MT : my 5th anniv how long 'til I'm officially a TV guy?
QuotesFromMeanGirl should be trending..
I don't deserve this
You're on my mind....
Humble yourself shawty
shush.
Work issued.
Thus, BB.
And it takes great pictures, which makes it more palatable.
agreed : who are you most excited for?
Americans consume a staggering 350 slices of pizza per second!
Wanna get a tattoo but not sure ,,, might hurt too much :/
north carolina sucks, but for real: are we surprised?
it's not like the state has a spotless track record when it comes to civil rights.
you rocked the stage with the most theatrical tribute to Broadway's Phantom on the VMA's
Obama looking Sharp in his presidental addoctorss.
T3: Mobile versions of websites always stripped down versions of desktop.
Not sure if because small screen or lack of power
good!
if you need help let me know ;
we're coming to getcha, we're coming to getcha...
Get your hotties in place!
take of the jeans and put on your jams
Enlightenment  finally, weave realtime market response fueling the predictive business
great movie!
What are you talkin about foooo, im confused ?
I shall release Hype Machine Mix Volume 3 to VIP Email members tonight before I post social tomorrow...Subscribe?
Just read The Sense of an Ending in its entirety in one sitting in Colombo airport.
oo i'm intrigued.
can't wait to hear what the changes are!
Indeed it is.
We're one year away from no longer paying daycare.
I imagine it to be like paying the final mortgage payment.
No spotter info just yet.
Tornado warning near Mankato is radar indicated at this point.
Warning continues through 6:30pm.
Everyone should text this Asshole  mess with him.
He's a total dick that needs an attitude check.
16149402430
Lol, yep we will talk about this Monday.
I'm gonna logoff.
watching sex and the city reruns.
why didnt carrie marry aiden?
he was the best.
and then she cheated on him with big and ruined it all
Today Whole foods on Ponce is donating 5 of net sales to the East Atlanta and Grant Park Farmers Markets!
Pretty great.
Rough OT loss for the
Dear Dad, I know you would prefer me to working in corporate america.
I tried it but didn't like it.
I'm an artist.
Can I borrow some money?
is now officially a PADI Master Scuba Diver.
i did follow him
Rangers' Josh Hamilton had a LeBron night.
Not 1, not 2, not 3...
Volunteer meeting and training tonight 7pm at HQ 18 5th st.
Afterglow party at DeeLite!
Thanks again for all of the retweets!
Have a wonderful weekend!
That should have been a goal...
puck was over the line!
What do you think?
Thank you for the FF shout.
Starting our comic book biz classes Friday 11/11/11 and a Bronx GSA initiative.
congrats!
where has the time gone?
Tech Geeks 007 is Following Claire
Great interview at Natuzzi in High Point.
Italsofa is a great product in terrific bold color.
Using F on the authors also lets me see a crucial part of the Research gradehow each source is used in the essay, how it's introduced.
Have you ever talked to someone, and you're not even really talking to them?
Actors are the worst for that.
Joe Rogan
Citation for the LA homicide warrant stat?
The link to Liberty Prosperity blog does not offer any source for this info.
Good to see you on here!
Agreed, very sad about Whitney.
What a waste.
Who wants to do a NCPH2013 session with me?
Teaching Digital Skills in a Small Public History Program.
Hey Billy!
Miss U 2 :
When the TA and the person who does Info Tech for a living both get less than an A on your midterm, perhaps it's time to reval your test...
Is Winston a last minute town?
Prove it and come to SECCA tonight, 7 pm, for a FREE movie: The Parting.
Local producer and crew.
Ruthless is an understatement!!!
I'm so sad I'm working and can't come get shwastey :
On the train to Cambridge for the evening.
Have about an hour to kill when I get there, any suggestions for what I should go see?
To the soul, there is hardly anything more healing than friendship
I will probably hit in the face for this
Of course, you were waiting to go to work.
I want to work on set with you again  epic!
I was omw to pick up my twin doctorgon.
do you like your cousin lol?
I'm killn these niggas wish they hurry up and die
We love your vision and mission of your org!
Keep up the good work!
Thanks for the congrats everyone, really nice to have the new baby with us for the holidays :
If anyone else wants me to doctorw their avi hit me up on twitter
I think college is the new midlife crisis.
No one can afford a sportscar anymore!
Man..
I rememeber when I was saying 112 days till graduations boy did time fly
I'll bring you the first two on Wednesday
Karli Johnson steps up to pinch hit and blasts her first career HR!
Two first time bombs backtoback for Cavaliers.
62 w/ 0 outs in 7th
It's Finally Friday which means it's time to FOLLOW FRIDAY!
i hope you like their music:
:' then It think we need to pray for healing hearts in Ethans family!
hahah yea i just had to..
I completely agree!
In my redaction lesson, I created a poem about books and a perfect life.
Was a sucess!
1 people already borrowed.
that was awesome :
thanks for the shout out man!
Have a good weekend !
Does that mean I can stop doctorving?
33 miles out.....
Contact period....
Over.
Counter Lady just made a calculated gesture toward the tip jar at me at Taco Bell.
It's cool bro...
I'm really sorry...
I overreacted...
I miss her..
that's all.
RT OH: I've been coding longer than he's been alive.
...
I know what you mean, scary when you realize it.
It'll be like Happy Gilmore vs Bob Barker
COME TAKE ADULT LATIN HIP HOP CLASS ON FRIDAYS!!!
THIS FRIDAY...CLASS IS FREE
then you have had a successful day
I need more shares on LinkedIN, more Tweets, 1, BizSugar, Blog Engage votes, comments, etc.
Yes, because any writer capable of confusing me to such an extent is obviously an intellectual original.
Thank you Lord for a beautiful day.
Wednesday is our Thanksgiving Party!!!
We are going to have a live DJ, prizes  more ;
who agrees with me that s lil brother Forrest is a little sweetheart?
RT : Foursquare checkin at your polling location tomorrow and use LugarforCongress when you vote.
Que dice el publico?
RT : often I wonder if you're projecting 2nd gen Mexicans from California onto all Mexicans.
I just finished Twin Peaks.
I'm so sad.
And scared.
Now what?
Follow If You Want Justin Biebers
November 22, 2013 IS A DATE THAT IS SO FAR AWAY  NEEDS TO COME QUICK!
It's weird being a minority guyz
Oh yeahh!!!
Bulls won!
Thats wassup!
88to87 !
D.
Rose is just too good haha!
Bulls D.
Rose
Bow Wow a baby daddy now.
Dumb ass smh
clones don't like memes.
pretty good I went on a Dunkin run with my good friend !
Got my Vanilla Chi Tea!
I just don't care anymore.
I thought I was over nights like this.
Thanks for following me.
Hope you have an amazing day.
Keep me in the loop!
that sucks.
Almost done?
My semester ended last week and I dunno what to do with myself.
Haha
Let me do some shoppn on ebay....
Let's give away a pizza today!
Just RT  tell your fave pizza topping for a chance to win free large pizza!
We'll say winner  5pm
Hello kitty!
Keep votingA
okay and you know for sure that they are?
LiLLies in Woodley Park, Happy Hour MF 57PM: 3 doctorfts, 5 Rails, Half off apps..Tell your friends!
: Palm Springs: What treasures you found and which discount store/swap meet you found them at....before you died.
;
Batteries, diesel, solar energy power patrol, pumpout boats
agreed.
Pau is a top 15 player in the NBA when he's on.
Marc is a top 40
Went to Alan Liu's talk tonight
That's OK, I'm planning on using all my connections to help her.
Thanks for the thoughts.
Saw Carmen last night.
Despite SD Opera's best efforts, she's just not that sympathetic a character.
Good show, though  great pipes!
what are you doing right now?
Let know and hashtag it UWRightNow!
No, it's Nuvia Crisol Guerra.
Did I just channel a dead author?
We love Atlanta!
Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return!
Thanks Atlanta!
salsa  bachata workshops tomorrow morning EARLY in stl at Millennium Hotel downtown!
Instructors from throughout the country!
Ready?

Follow back!
you to!
It was so nice meeting you earlier!
That was pretty awesome.
See ya at Playlist!:
Now you have to come see the interior!
a friend has grown hanging tomato plants 2 years in a row...very cool and yes, it does work!
Where are you going now?
Did I miss something?
HH Real Estate Media had a busy week!
Our clients are so great!!
Hope you all have a wonderful weekend!
Getting sleepy again..
Oh, when are we wearing it?
I'm not doing anything public, just letting you know, also, I'm off on a mission in Oct.
I'm so fuckin hot 
IFeelLike I'm asking to many questions
ImMadBecause nothing goes my way.
Y U NO GO MY WAY?
At applebees w/ and a uniform cop and his fam are eating across the aisle.
The stoned kids behind us look worried hahaha
Sonny's is a great place to play darts!
We have two dart boards and a friendly atmosphere.
Come on in!
Thank god for sun sports cause I cannot stand Reggie miller commentating!!!
girl, you were still werkin it.
lol.
Hopefully you enjoyed some bootyshake .
lol :
were the fuck are you ?
thanks for the tweet you two!
Let me know if I can help in any way.
JM
I got grounded and yelled at for saying the truth.
You didn't believe me  but is that my fault?
I'm nothin but everything you bitches makin plans to be.
Bernadette Louise Roybal: Truth is :: it may be a mans world but i wouldnt be s wit out a women or girl!!!!
I'm supporting Psshh .
Come out and have an OBP!
what exactly are you looking for career wise?
thank you for the great concert at the House of Blues in Chicago!!
What it do Elyse!
How's everythang been going witcha?
RT : I miss tweeting you buddy!!!
your a beast dave!
lol please follow me!
:
la la la.
So glad i'm done with this semester!
Now to relax :
I THINK YOU MEAN UHOH.
lol.
really tired of shady boys.
Hm good point.
Aspire to inspire before you expire.
The only one that is better is good luck Charlie
Management is doing what you did yesterday, a little faster and a little cheaper.
Godin.
It's 11:11, Make a wish, make a wish yeahh....
Fake lashes on at 9:40am on a mission.
YW!
Look forward to your tweets.
civilwar quote of day.
Confederate woman.
'I discovered I could empty a dirty hearth..t
Time 2 spike the hot chocolate,,make snow angels,  sled down these big hills n douglasville neighborhood!
snowatl bitches!
Partys here!
I always look happy, but in all honesty I'm the most saddest person you ever know
ok so I'm now in love with Dashboard Confessional.
I'm dying listening to Dusk and Summer.
ah
Still have a whole case of Imperial Stout doctornk beer outside!
Awww.
Miss you too!
And we'll try and be good but no promises.
haha
it's okaii
We love where we live and always support locals.
The depth of creativity in CLE is wonderful!
This is the only Blake song I like.
Me, to my sister, when Find Your Love by doctorke came on
or solstice?
Thanks for the retweet!
3 in a row dude really
you are gonna do my make up and make me look like KStew right?
LOL
We hope you found the doctorss of your doctorams!
: Enjoy your prom!
Chili/Cheese/Crackers O My Goodness!
Soo Damn Good!
7.
Pistachio Frozen Yogurt is a SLAP IN THE FACE and a KNIFE IN THE BACK to the ice cream known as pistachio.
Hanging with my mom at Popeyes.
Snooki is having a baby what
Just a perspective check.
Easy to forget all they've done for us.
GLADLY!!
a fat BLUNT
It39;s Time to Have quot;The Talkquot;
I'm going to get a free muffin at today.
Be jealous.
Then ask me how you can get a free muffin or dessert from there.
:
Thrilled to hear you're on Twitter now!
Thanks for everything you are doing for Wisconsin.
Now featuring Joey Curtin and her album God with Us!
pintecrest
I agree : im straight but damn lol u have a perfect ass
I AM DONNG THIS :P
The best way to get someone's attention, is to not give them yours.
If the Brewers were looking to shop their Limited Edition Tim Dillard, his value takes a dive every time he's taken out of his packaging.
Thanks for the FF!
;
You're a white hot baby.
Can't wait to go summer shopping on sunday
Absolutely not!
Brandon started a year early so he could fundoctorise his trip.
Very smart guy :
Thanks Pam!
I absolutely hate icloud
At a higher altitude with flag unfurled, we reached the dizzy heights of that doctoramed of world
You have to watch the new trailer for the Dark Knight Rises.
Its so good words cannot deserve it.
k on my way
Homemade MacnCheese.
Still recovering from St Patty's day?
Tweet us a pic of your celebrations and we'll give you a follow!
Pre game speech is over, hour and half until game time.
Boys look ready to battle the Gophers!
411GreenWave is going LEED.
Leadership in Energy Environmental Design
Film and Legal History in 19th Century Masterfile: Law of Copyright as Applied to Moving Pictures, 1909
Bless you.
I was bored LOL
Love the tweet!
works for vegetables as well.
on the website?
We're not seeing it...can you provide any more detail?
Love your background  hope you are well!
miss you ladies
sounds worth it!
there are a LOT of artists here I wasn't expecting.
This is amazing.

Seriously ?
Man, we just had dinner and I was wasted last night.
A little advanced notice next time ?
Giants takif out Lincicum who had recovered from bad start,pinch hitting for him in6th..takin a shot
Damn watchd Monday's game on tv just realized i had tickets
Great rehearsal today with the amazing
You only get a life time to live so make it what you want and make it right.
Thanks to all helping me promote my first book I've reached my following limit so yes I have to beg for more followers PYTHON Carina Nolan
True!
It was a midi controller, but cleaned up well.
Break time.
oh i never saw it !
Sitting in my running car in the doctorveway to attend conference call.
Yay heated seats!
Hawks put up your pic on the big screen tonight by mistake, was happy, then sad in two seconds.
We miss you in Portland :
Haha you funny.
Id leave your mind blown and kitty swoll mami
Sad I don't have a bracket, but man that Iowa/UConn game was nuts.
If we miss paying our bills President Obama will be the only one to blame.
oh I love it.
I am so excited for you!
pink floyd.wish you were here
Thanks for the love!!
Quite impressed with 's tweets yesterday.
Not to mention, her, and are on FIRE.
Knock 'em dead today!
RT : Yay!
is working for me again with the new update!
I missed so many checkins, now time to catch up!!
That is very sweet.
Is he not coming inside your house?
come on people!!
its just snow,  u live in Cleveland for crying out loud
But the again I wanna go to the penny store
There are two things you can do with your head downplay golf and pray....Lee Trevino
I think I'm doing pretty well for myself so far, but whatever.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Einstein
ha ha I told I've been working for my online boutique.
not even the words 
i am so excited i'm getting my contact in 2 weeks
Couples only!
Will you skate with me?
I've got sliders, queso dip and some cold frosty ones ready for some Mud People!
25 minutes away!
lol Miley punk'd her boyfriend Liam .
Hahahahah lol
Not today.
I need to get out of the house.
My day has been complete.
Ashlee, a thousand hopes for your success
QUOTE OF THE DAY: Success is not for the timid.
It is for those who seek guidance, make decisions, and take decisive action.
Just read it.
Beautiful.
I have tears in my eyes.
Top SEO  twitter.com/expert
we love you!3
True story.
RT : we will have no way to tell if ever gets hacked.
Internet cut as Egypt braces for 'march of millions'
confession I love all the little princess movies..
Lol :
Thanks, Martin.
You too!
I hoe there is a snow day tomorrow 
Tonight I'm going to cut it out and then restart
I have the most amazing husband n daughter!
They r my heart soul n the air I breathe Nothing can compare 2 all the luv my lil home contains
Saturday nights we turning up at figure8!
1 entry all night long !!
Come party wit theplugdjgs ilovemyplug fam and all the sexy
Its sunday ppl and we are packed!
Love it
RT You must admit it's hard to argue with yabba dabba do as an underlying principle for your life!
keep me posted, hope u get to stay around!
Eric is thinking of moving to the square this fall too...
:
wtf?
Go yo ass to sleep.
Cheer practice...
Excited/not excited kind of tired....
how cool!!
Bright, attractive, and back on Twitter.
not too bad!!
How about yourself?
Lol....
Believe its free..
like at all!
yeah and poor niall .
My daughter just named her new doll Baby Gaga.
I wonder if Target carries meat baby clothes.
True that, double true
I fuck wit Jimmy and T.I the go hard for they 1st ladies they remind me of my husband haha!
nice, they called trout up?
have him patiently waiting on my bench.
Abreu is crying somewhere, fuck him haha
me too!
When he says love you too in the beginning.
Time for relax part of rehab
ha!
Yeah I was trying to make the most of being in LasVegas for work.
PS  3G access on the west coast stinks!
: RT : Bexley loves our mister Grinch cover!
what picture did you think it was?
ok I'll let u know
RT : Thanks!
I will check it out.
Great thanks

fucccck these fake ass people; i swear.
good Morning!
a mixture of MAC Modesty and Buxom Dolly gloss.
:
GO CHECK OUT PAINKILLERS ON DATPIFF!!
Chris Young is the player the D/Backs miss the most.
Do you think that is affecting Uptons play as well?
Lunch today for
Stay aware spring 2012
Thank you Wendy, inform, inspire and create.
All can give free 25.00
doctor eyes may be due to a deficiency of vitamin A or essential fatty acids.
There are WAY too many people here.
I really hope I find TheEverglow 
Thanks Pam!
I think I just googled myself!
I bet you start a trend with it, I know I want a plastic window now too.
Just can't decide which window...I'm sorry girl.
Sucks!
this guy gets IT.
RT : You mean, Oh no what's HAPPENING?
Getting day doctornk by myself before a reality show callback is the most prepared I've ever been for an audition.
Rain!
Rain!
Rain!
Many men die at twentyfive and aren't buried until they are seventyfive.
The pleasure was mine.
Social networking will get you known.
Thanks for the info.
I did confirm w/our Legal Dept  they did receive the email.
Sent you a DM w/more details.
CH
Gilroy scores her second goal for the Gators.
UF leads Northwestern 31 with just under 20 minutes left in 1st period.
Hahah you two are together aren't you...
:P
so true.
Learned alot since my two promotions in the past year.
Very disappointing but better I know right?
RT There are two types of employees, those you throw a party for before they leave, and....
Love Ena  Maude.
Thanks for all the ideas.
YOU GUYS SUCK.
Just saw that you had your baby.
Congratulations!!
:
Jeff Conaway's death in May has been ruled an accident.
Did anyone think otherwise?
The loudest critique of was that it was not useful  responded saying, neither is ice cream
See you there!
RT who is ready ?!?!
penmar park 5pm!
Tomorrowsunday
i like how Austin's bg is mostly of butts.
I LOVE THIS STERO I GOT !!!!!!
: jamming to Justin Bieber :
great job you two.
haha!
Im still on my couch!!!
See ya tomorrow.
Haha
Heat's a great answer, but how about this one as well: What rally?
Good Morning, Chicago!
Heading out for a quick lunch?
Let us serve you up a bowl of hot soup or a cold salad to go with your sandwich
I'm actually living in NY
NonExistentRecordsDay The London Philharmonic Presents: The Music of Crazy Town.
: Hope it don't rain all night Over by 7p...
I had a choice between buying the zombie tank or AAR's new cd I chose the tank.
Still want the cd.
Malls upset me.
Remind me of our problems
Who does it right?
Which celebs have a killer social media presence?
CS
Yeah.
Borrowed a sit and stroll which should help, but still need a stroller too.
Apparently is a schlep from hotel to conf.
rooms.
who to follow
A lower center of gravity makes you able to make your way to the front.
And airplane rides .
.
.
.
.
.
followmedylan please follow me!
Your amazing!
Lots of people donating blood...THANK YOU!
But we need more!
Bucky Badger here in 45 minutes!
Keynote speaker at tonight's Goucher College Hillel Annual Meeting.
U.S.
Stocks ended off their worst levels following news, Greece will receive another bailout payment; still closed in negative territory.
did you get your ham?
lol I stood in line a couple of years ago and refuse to do it again!
lol
Congratulations on the release of Blindspots!
I am proud to be a contributor.
Be someones inspiration
Incestuous erotica of horror in movies like Halloween linked by Rana to the future of race war.
Yeah!
: He is back.
Broncos have agreed to terms with DT Justin bannan.
I've seen the first 2 eps of Xrated Twilight.
I say go w/ Boardwalk Empire.
There more substance.
It's truly stunning!
Do you have Instagram?
follow us jamheybastard DO IT
Thanks for all the follow backs : Shout us out and tell your friends to check us out and follow 3
AYE!!!
Dis summer couldn't go faster can't wait to leave
at least they didn't blow a 20 lead like Memphis moralvictories but the Lakers still down two in the series lmao
I used to be a tree surgeon until, one day, I fell out of a patient
Awesome picture!
Thanks for sharing Patrick!
RT my first trip with great service!
One doesn't discover new lands without consenting to loose sight of the shore for a very long time.
A.G.
I think Canada just wants us American's to be punished.
No servers yet again..
BF3 /:
Lakers needin a new coach.
He needs to respect his starters.
Bynum needs to back hand him
Begin to see yourself as a soul with a body rather than a body with a soul.
Wayne Dyer
...end of September for a few nights.
I HOPE.
No hurries...just planning ahead.
And day doctoraming.
One of the big things TheHelp misses is the threat of sexual violence domestics face on the job.
Even now.
See DSK case.
How do u like it?
Fear of Friday the 13th is called friggatriskaidekaphobia.
I wonder if there's a fear for words you can't pronounce?
The Yanks, Sox, Jays and Marlins will certainly tell you that solid closers are needed.
I prefer to flip them for better parts.
It might hurt to lose people, but maybe they just weren't supposed to stay.
There is no saying no to Q and Miss Moneypenny.
u know wht sucks
My pleasure Nicole!
i sometimes have socialmedia guilt.
will focus on facebook at expense of twitter and then feel guilty.
socialcheating?
You're welcome!
Thanks for the great article!
any chance you can send over that job info for my buddy?
Thanks man!
If you are a salty sweater, salty foods will be needed post exercise to replace lost sodium.
I miss u
HILARIOU TIME TODAY IN SCHOOL AND THE BUS!!
:
Thanks for the RT :
Thank you for following all
sometime try avocado on toast if you haven't already
once a major company leaves downtown it will result in making downtown a ghost town the train system will be for naught.
Okay let me go night night because i have this test at 8:30am .
Smh :
If I didnt have my son idk wat id dO .
Hi Marco Andoctortti I got a sweet vid of you flying in long beach california  pat ford
RT Celebrate with me  girls at the Javits Center
definitely good childhoodmemories!
:
aww thanks for the shoutout!
you are thee best :
We have some nasty freaky boys in Cass lol
hahaha just trying to get a rise outta ya thats all : ducks and fires nerf crossbow
Sweet, trailer of Brooke Whites California Song on AI tonight!
We only have a limited number of tickets for our show  subterranean next week!
This is a big show for us and we are too damn excited!
after painting for the afternoon, i realize that i am a level two doctorwer and a level one painter.
Hey, We've got my Birthday Party on Friday and a SHOW on the 30th  Naked Lounge in Sac!
Who's ready to party?
You can discuss the type of care that's needed.
Is it long term elder care or just help while recovering from an injury or hospital stay
How good do the Chargers look right now?
They could be a dangerous team down the stretch.
But I live tweeted my party so you could feel like you were there!
Oh California Sun, oh how I love you and loathe you at the same time.
I shouldn't burn but I do....
Anybody want a peanut?
Thanks for the RT!
Nah, I need to get some cupcakes today and get a photo with a few on my head.
RT: if i get to 25k followers by friday...
the beastie boys mixtape come out.
only need 120 to reach it...
so...
:
FULL TANK!
Yes!
Thank you mom and dad.
its well deserved for the MC
work of art you could be my masterpiece, but you fast asleep
Jillians is OPEN and we have power!
Back Bayers, get out of the dark and come have lunch!
Spend 10 on lunch  get a free game of bowling!
ROWDY RODDY PIPER!
He touched my face!
i needs a hair cut
RIP Americans Elect.
You'll be missed by no one, but say hello to David Broder in both sides are equally to blame purgatory.
feel free to do mine too
girl problems :P lol
One of the old Onion editors had a great line: Jesus saves, but God invests.
's new name is Metta World Pants
can i put a application in
Got pulled pork smoking away.
Smells so good.
Been cooking since last night about 8:30
Thank YOU for featuring us!
Any questions?
We love that you get our puns/double entendoctors and came up with your own.
Stay strong.
Brain radio just switched from Zip A Dee Doo Dah to the opening theme from The Rite of Spring.
What is wrong with me?!
Hey Earl Hit em
Hope everyone is having a GREAT weekend!
Posted 126 new photos for the VIP's of my website  now its time for me to go play!
See ya Monday!
When is going to can that ass Johnny Douchebag Miller  todays gaffe was saying was like watching paint doctor.
I heard your going to the springle ball, is that true?
And how do you perform in big crowds?
oh and thanks for following3
might b gay.
Tell a bitch to read between the lines, and she act like Fantasia
No beer for you?
that makes us sad!
Hi friend!
watch on my website littleliarsorg,latest Pretty Little Liars se2 episodes online,free access!100
Perplexed by coconut water.
shut up steve lol
I hear someone calling for us
like you guys that would do that for her!
Sorry I couldn't have stayed longer.
Love ya too Annely!
Hope y'all made some money!
usingsaving :
I would rather fight with you than make love to anyone else.
Anne Vitiello: Mothers Who Were Childoctorn of Divorce: Contemporary divorced mothers  whether single, remarried or blending families ...
word.
why isn't anyone telling him to wrap it up?
RT: I can't get with the newer DMX stuff.
Real sloppy, unmotivated sounding.
Had a great meeting with the folks Starting to think of how to use their mobile tech for elearning.
Some cool ideas
I remember having a library card that looked like that.
Thanks for sharing.
Day off to recharge my batteries is exactly what I needed  especially with an ultramarathon tomorrow.
get up early!
Lol
Best use of 2 hrs: Biennial, Renior  fulllength painting or Deco ?
If I buy the new doctorid 2, do you know how long it would take to actually receive it?
jhumda Hi everyone!
Happy Saturday night!
That phone call I just got from  Lmfao

I wish I could put some of the stuff I have up...
A friend of mine is moving to town to teach at MICA.
She doesn't know many folks there; may I put her in touch with you?
RT Our first 100 followers will receive a special coupon good for any of our services!
Please follow  RT!
can I help me get more followers?
RT : We've got 4 pairs of tix to the Maymont Flower  Garden show to give away!
RT to enter.
Winner chosen at 2pm.
chillin on it, hate I miss trade day and it was on my bday
i was flying from LA to Miami on Sunday, and my plane got struck by lightning.
the pilot tried to say otherwise, but I saw..
Download Stronger or gift it!
Keep it on top of !
Small fire at Skywalker ranch with little damage, says recent report.
Luke used the Force
Breathing is just a rhythm.
have a great wk.
A fan for sure.
In hell
Like a champion.
I told my girl at the airport Salt Like Taco stand to be ready for you.
u r my bff :D
January 1 2012.
I woke up to someone whispering in my ear I love you
heading out to the Office supply store early this morning to buy a stupid network cable.
Just what I love to do !
Having a proudfamily moment with
Just left a fantastic voice lesson.
My voice coach is beyond awesome.
Where can I check Em Out at Bro
Yes you can.
All your 1st year experiences can be compared and contrasted with the book to make your case.
Whats for Dinner Tonight?
I hope it's healthy!
We have a goal!
If it was MySpace, maybe.
MT Am I the only one amused Mark Zuckerberg has a twitter account?
Probably but u do see the irony right?
The folks who have accomplished the least in their lives are the most likely to give unsolicited advice...
Thanks for the mention InfoPay.
Have a great weekend.
He shall cover you with His feathers.
We thank you Lord for divine protection everyday.
Be Encouraged!
A question mark.
literally the best show on tv.
Every single character is beautiful
TerrificThursday have a good day :
Commenter: differences between L, A, and M are in our heads.
That's where the change needs to happen.
I just dont want the other Chicago gals jealous that I got your boogie
No I'm on 7mile right now
Key West.
Poker Run this weekend, we will be there.
Why guys with light eyes So damn cocky?
It makes them less attractive.
I like them humble...
Top: Ed Wood, Beetlejuice, Batman.
Bottom: Dark Shadows, Apes, Chocolate Factory MT top  bottom Burton films?
Testing, Testing..........This is a test of the emergency tweet service.
Whoop Whoop!!!
Home...bored...probably go to my boys house and play games till I get bored.
Then I'll need something else to do.
:
Seeking: Software Developer NYC trading firm, write high performance computing libraries and applications to operate massive data sets.
C
I wish I was with you instead of pulling my hair out at my computer.
wilsonphillips has a reality show?????
oh HELL to the YES!!
please let it be called hold on for one more day.
Good morning, everyone!
Happy Friday!
Don't knock the hustle.
I've Been Down Before by Loren Francis
Thank you so much for sharing tweet!
What are you doing tomorrow?
Interested in hitting up a museum?
So tired.
maybe you should just make out with the girl yourself.
everyone will be better off.
And when all else fails, i just get high.
So funny A lady saw me in a store and yelled hey isn't that the loofah lady?
i got very strange looks as in a huge question mark lingered
Lady, you are not amusing, this is not stand up comedy, shut up already!
I hope there are mimosas at this brunch...
Yes, we need a little isthmus!
So many months we waited.
The army told us this must, be better than Grenada!
No more peaceful coexistence!
Looking forward to some of the Dbacks staff speaking at SBA tomorrow.
Hoping to collaborate with the AllStar Game
I didn't realize how much I needed in my life until it was absent from my life for 2 months.
You can suck a dick or you can suck on a ball sack
Looking forward to working on some exciting projects with LAnet integrating technology with
What2ChainzWouldSay no hang time, amare braids, boosie cut, bald fade, allen iverson ,not paid, lebron's hairline, FADE AWWWWWAAAAAAYYYYYYY
Help us reach our goal of 100 followers!
Qponomics is a coupon book app rep'n Sacramento.
Free download saves u  at local stores!
Chicago is cursed...i tell you...cursed....

gig downtown today.
Who will spy on the spidermen?
Check this account t out the next time you hurt someone else.
Would love to listen to mister T without the annoying Eric Byrnes.
Just can't take his jockdufus persona.
Sounds like doctor Paul isn't doctorpping out, but rather being realistic with only primaries and no caucuses left on the slate.
what?
i'm in class and the girl next to me was reading it too...we're so confused
Encore performance by 4OURTH STREET tonight at 6:30pm
Hot and humid over here!
11/11/11 Thanks, to all Veterans  active service men  women, come enjoy a free doctornk of your choice and 20 off 3
you didn't invite me on Facebook.
Also I gotta Check with husbands work schedule Friday night
Damn!
Was really looking forward to hold out stories!
MT : Patriots Wes Welker has signed franchise tender, per 
Crazy humid out here.
it's great on elbows
you pumped to get back to the PNW?
20ThingsAboutMe i love racing and watching them
Attempted to excavate my desk and instead ended up in research heaven, depending on how you look at it.
SO jealous!
YUMMY!
Wish i could afford;
I hope everybody enjoyed their Thanksgiving day!
Now it's time to get ready for Black Friday!
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
Dorothy Parker
Aunt Jamie, these chips will make your leg feel better.
Cute Nephew Logic
I need 4 of me today.
TOO.
BUSY.
I don't get along with most people because i hate everyone and your all assholes 3
my gay husband reports my new methead neighbor is best known for faking cancer, leaving her childoctorn  not paying artists from her gallery
girl I'm like God is speak directly to me.
Amazing
he owns all the corner stores in town hehehe
Play the music, not the instrument.
Unknown
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:5
Manning Street Capital, a thirdparty litigation financer, launches a new website  www.manningstreetcapital.com
Youll reread this one: You, Inc.: The Art of Selling Yourself by Harry Beckwith and Christine Clifford
Was going to tell you at practice today, but Buck isn't having class tomorrow.
Completely lost for words.
RIP Ms.
Masson
Oh my goodness, Sean.
I doubt she even remembers...
SB may be a loyal servant,but the church's inability to show compassion, humility, christianity respect for women is destroying it
column column column.
column column column.
column column column..
Very motivational for writing.
me too
now watch, you gone end up gettin a job in the real world where you gotta get up at like 5:30 lolol
About to get in this gym tonight!
MUSICIANS!
This is the best, truest, quirkiest video I have seen in years about the music biz.
Cracker takes on so funny
Steve Nash going to the Heat  Unfair lol
I love prince!
do you know he's from here?
that's beautiful!
what?
Wonderful practice last night.
A big thank you to Aline for stopping by, and jamming with us!
I had a cracker for breakfast and a glass of water for lunch.
Went and got a phone screen protector and he put a black one on my phone.
seriously dude who want their screen to be dark.
Culture critic
Ideed!
Happy birthday, !
Everything I learned about life was from the movie Stripes.
Timbers can get it going with a trip to Czechoslovakia.
We didn't inherit the land from our fathers
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
I love you  hope it's wonderful!
Got my phone taken away.
Fml
So I'm back to using Debian.
Feels good.
RT : Seahawks defeat the Chicago Bears 3814 to move to 77 on the season.
The Seahawks are now 51 in the past six games.
Awesome
Why!!!!
Does it have 2 go on commercial everytime sum1 performs thn play sum commercials ugh!!!
saw the RT from pretty cool!
Amazing.
excited to see your blogs about the trip!
Colder weather plus rain equals vanilla chai tea...snickerdoodles...a warm blanket and snuggling...wth is everyone so friggin
seriously, your tweets make me lol every time.
glad for the loophole, keep em coming!
yikes.
call dss i imagine.
I Missed you!
Hope your feeling better.
c: Loving the picture by the way.

: Thank you all for following!
When askedWhat do you want?
do you answer with what you want?
Or do what others do and answer with what they think they can have?
20ThingsAboutMe I hate liars
get a Xbox please
Playing the new black eyed peas game lol !!!!!
ImaBee
this Atlanta hawks crowd is the quietest playoff crowd that ive ever seen!!
All lies will eventually surface, just as karma will always come back around.
I'm back in time : Just waiting for my ballot...Chicago Mail
Happy Easter :
thx for the follow.
i look fwd to your tweets.
Woot!
Now you'll just float on by.
ThisSummerImTryna go to L.A.
And party party party !!!
The smell of freshly cut grass 
Lmao funny stuff happening in Locker Room lol
You're most welcome.
Expedia should rank hotels by upstream bandwidth.
It just fell on top of me!
Better my hand than my face, though.
My car hates me.
Yeah well, I'm holding you accountable if not.
Definitions in living.
1.
Agency: i ain't got no other day than today to make today the best day today can be.
TTW
I didn't realize pat benatar was jewish.
I thought she was italian.
For u young folks she was a really famous singer in the 80s.
Fab voice!
Hi, Nancy, I'd love a galley of Episodes if you still have one to spare.
Sounds great!
KT
Hey, that stings a little.
But only a little.
thanks for the follow!
Good luck Down Under!
Lmao!
I've always thought this.
Visiting family is always nice  especially when you're on you way back home ;
And we have beer!
Now I'm jealous!
Love to see some proofs.
: They say you only fall in love once, but that's not true; because every time I see you, I fall in love all over again.
And I'm finally picking up my Nixon 5130!
Are the dodgers going to succeed this season or another heart break?
Our cofounders and are teaching a cool film class for nonprofessorts today.
Sign up for next month's soon!
Why is she askin all dem questions
Hey, let Crown The Empire play 2012 Warped Tour!
:D
More EP work today m/
I'm hurt.
I like Jazzy fizzle better now!!!!3
Whomp There It Is!!!
Whomp There It Is!!!
When is Tag Team gonna represent the Cats??
Thanks for you've been hacked notifications.
Apologies.
Sordid intrigue/backstabbing fakes vanquished.
what if you pick a bot follower, or worse, a spam follower?
haha...its weird that went out.
Not sure what I did to make that happen other than transferring my URL to new server.
Hm...
I seriously love coming across people with AMAZING voices on youtube.
screw all those irrelevant celebrities.
RT : Best thing about this weekend is: BREWERS!
Errors  omissions in the CODATA are not a matter of opinion, rather simple facts of math  algebra.
Science means your correct errors.
My doctorwing came out like a little kidd doctorw it xP
LOL yeah then no :.
Sure I remember you!
Critique forthcoming.
The best part about writing a blog dedicated to things that make you happy is realizing you don't have time to write about all of them.
Where did this NKOTB song come from and why is it stuck in my head?!?
Don't wanna go to work
WELCOME, SUMMER.
I'VE BEEN WAITING SO LONG FOR YOU TO GET HERE.
HAPPY GRADUATION GUYS XX
no matter where you go, or what you do: there you are.
And the entire Indiana hoops team is in the CNN HQ today!
Sweet16 Kentucky Wildcats, where are you?
Team no hangover
RT : Enter to win the blockbuster hit Fujifilm X10 or 100 Adorama gift cards with your landscape photo!
Full details:...
I've seen many essays come back red penned.
Or with they're applying for the wrong program.
That sort of thing.
And I'm up like morning wood.
Workout time.
Brewers OpeningDayCountdown 5 days
Moneyball is an excellent film.
Highly recommend you check it out!
Doors open  7 downstairs  show  8!!!
So we can prob get down there to secure Spot around 7:30??
And It's a sold out show 2!!!!
Do you manufacture/sell ear plugs?
DM me to be part of an exciting opportunity in education, prevention,  collegiate sports!
So do the main stage bands for get announced at midnight local time or PST?
is this video online?
Thanks for this morning's delivery.
Happy Friday and have a great weekend.
U R Appreciated!
u guys still at Currant?
Shout out to for not saying hi cause she was with some studd muffin
I see from your professorle that you are a Writer Lover of literature.
Who is your favorite living writer.
only idiots think that.
U just wanna have a chance like Cal said.
Even the yrs we were only decent with no chance was a blast
So where are you?
In a session or sitting somewhere?
Digging through 2010 receipts  Are you excited for tax season?
;
RT : I gotta go to my boring ass job :  hey gotta eat
The way I sing, and these songs I write, they aren't me.
I'm terrible, I'm in between.
shure...say all guys that i love him and miss him..;
Hanging at AT T White Lake 9278 Highland Rd., free concert tix and smartphone stuff 5p til 7!
I'll swing by the 's 40th birthday tonight.
I'll also be at the 41st birthday at 's new west parking structure.
NYC, you disappoint me.
Two years I've lived here and not one celebrity sighting.
Come and find me, famous people!
Clock's ticking!
I think Reena is one of my favorites of their later years ...
Sigh
2Days with no pop!
:O
haha, ok.
no squeezing.
afterward, I will leisurely pick it up.
after I space out for a week or so.
this summer you both need to work out with me because i have to for track
ABRAHAM LINCOLN: ZOMBIE HUNTER IS REAL.
REALLY REAL.
IT'S ON THE NEXT LEVEL.
NO, NOT THAT LEVEL, THE NEXT ONE AFTER THAT, Y'ALL.
ugh, it sucks.
Definition of hardworking: Being the only one left in the building on a Friday afternoon when its pouring rain outside.
I know!
The frenzy of the end of a school year seems to spill over into hurryup PD.
Don't think I could eat bacon flavored ice cream : It's the maple bacon for me, I think!
Now THAT sounds divine!!
;
Who needs to win a million when you can make 2 million
Enjoying sushi outside for lunch.
This weather is so amazing!!
So ready for spring!
: Support limited govt.
HR 2366, TX Rep.
Barton's Online Poker Act:  for deficit w/o raising taxes.
at Madison bowl having a ball!
Wheew!
Thanks for all of the support to make a phenomenal print sale!
Big thanks to for coming out.
LOVE those polenta fries!
Hey, can you find us a spot to eat before you take off.
Some of the guys are hungry.
Thanks.
Agreed.
Don't know who has the comms responsibility for publicizing zerista.
Probably
RT : Let's not absolve the parent/coach/player development complex completely..
Someone do my sga essay for me :
even though you've taken on a complex issue, you've made many Americans proud today!!
this is REAL leadership!
We put the overunder on opening weekend box office receipts at 102M.
I wanna cry so bad ..
I am reading it!
it's very helpful.Thank you for the wonderful book!
Not only does it sound fun, it IS fun.
Plus you meet your goals.
Not too bad if you ask us
Hope your having fun on tour heard about the news, proud of you son
Welcome to NM!
RT A massive duststorm just hit visability is low im still a couple of miles from it
chicultural2012 Ensure vibrant cultural space for artists, cultural groups and nhoods
lol I don't watch glee
frequently discussed on sports talk radio.
fans can't afford official merch.
so they buy knockoffs w/ colors off, bad logos etc.
Music samples got a little wonky there during the Amazon/Bond story.
Whoops!
That's whats up!
That's how we do in 505!
Sturday morning with nothing to do where is
Our most sincere thank you to those who have served and continue to serve our country.
America was built on sacrifice, may we never forget.
Does CBS/NYT poll have right bias?
i would not have thought so
same to you love!
Are you still looking for PR Work?
I luv u let's d8
Real Recognize Real But IDONT RECOLLECT YA !!
Go find a band aid.
VSCPA Just finished blog post on emotional intelligence for VSCPA blog.
Looking forward to Leader's Summit next week!
All I see is Bieber Tourways on the back of a bus but then I see on the side of the bus Carl R.
Bieber Tourways.
It's still funny though :P
3 more innings...c'mon Detroit
WTF SINCE WHEN WERE YOU THERE jealous i love you bye
oh I'm working on the awesomeness.
Thanks for sharing with me  You seemed to have plenty to spare ; 
Love u 
where's ur son going..
Weren't you guys looking to move soon?
Im just trying to finish this up by this weekend so that I wont have to worry about it next week
RT It's only Wednesday.
with USC servers somewhere on the bottom of the sea, thank god we could we could reach through the rain to the cloud
I hear running.
I'm not tellin' y'all again.
I shouldnt need to tell you but put out their first full length today!
Go get it!
RT RT
Listening to for seniorday speech.
Proud to be part of Class of 2012.
Follows RealTime Climb of Everest in May iPad Edition
if only that show were accurate
realfriends are everything : they are truly, real
Lord RT : Note to the person I just unfollowed.
Making rape jokes about a basketball game sucks.
Rape is never an OK punchline.
She's played a Playboy bunny twice!
And a tramp on ItsAlwaysSunny.
Poor girl.
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness
I think you need a update to use your switch XD
Never Forget Today
me too : i don't quite know how to assess their conversation growth tho.
seems 2 me it's deeper.
It's that time of the night where everything is funny for no reason.
I really should go to bed but I have too much crap to do.
The heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.
The Wizard of Oz

yo hoe is ah pro Fuck every Nigga she know you love her dirty doctorwls so you can't let her goo..
Trivia Tuesday: What is the goal for this year's communitywide OpFeed campaign?
Give us your guess.
1st correct answer gets RT
More thank yous to for RTs!
Much appreciated.
Good luck with the 5k on Sunday!
Hoping for a big turnout.
Many adoptees are haunted by questions concerning their birth that last a lifetime and can influence their adult relationships.
When Billy Crystal said 'Harry Potter' did you get the feeling that he might have been uncredited as Dobby?
Just me?
Really?
I'm 400 words from my 1k goal.
Fingers, don't fail me now....
hey girl nothing working
Watching on TheView...
hilarious as always!
I have to say, the best investment I have ever made was attending school, it continues to pay dividends!
thanks doll.
How's life on your end?
just me.
The Godfather is getting old.
Need coffee soon.
Text me when you go down.
5182603131
Wish this didn't upset me so much
FOLLOW BACK
: Love the Goonies  great choice.
Tonight, I am catching up on Ringer via streaming video.
My new fave show!
gym then off to work i go ..are you not in SD?
We bet ya didnt know  Ireland's national symbol is actually the Celtic Harp.
Spread the word.
I got 10 Euros in my wallet.
Some men are born to greatness.
Some have greatness thrust upon them.
Me?
I like Burgers!!
She really thinks she's bad 
The habit of writing begins with establishing the habit of beginning the writing.
Start with that, and you'll be pleased with the results!
Check out our NEW menu of the season!
www.labelseven.com
outside everywhere !!
i haven't been wit ky a lot..maybe thats why i haven't seen u :/ we needa chill sometime thooo
Slobogin: Also, maybe proportional according to severity of crime, but that's a HUGE nightmare.
thank you so much!
Thanks for ur kindness  support.
That was AWESOME!
God Bless  continued success!
I'm usually not like this,but people can be real douches, just because she doesnt like you doesn't mean you have to make her life miserable.
I have one thing to say to you.
Run Forrest, run!
10CommandmentsOfAnAfrican Thou shall not talk back to their parents or they will get beatdown.
Period
If intentionally walking Konerko to get to Dunn doesn't get him to hit I don't know what will
TimeTo Wake Up!!!
I hate feeling depressed over something I didn't do that I wanted to do so badly.
I feel as if life told me that I sucked.
I think I like him cause he does what he wants and acts like he could care less about all the hoopla!
Best.Day.Ever.3 With the Family and Boyfriend tomorrow:
What it do
Here we goo
Thanks for the mention AlexanderInt FYNDecor
when you hittin up ?
haha did katelyns head get any better lmao poor us
That's just wrong.
Emo is mad!
you're weird.
plz follow me if you do i will be there for you i will remember you,doctoram of you every night and i will pray for you
There are some causes that I'll NEVER get behind, no matter what anyone says.
One such example?
SAVE THE BEES!
Hell.
No.
Maintenance still available?
Never know what could come up
have u dome a baby shower ???
cuz if u havent kingdom sound entertainment will love to help u on uss..
We should talk about that because my brother has Diabetes and its hard for me to let him live his life when our mom died of it.
That terrible feeling when you realize you just sent an email with the word shat instead of what in it....
: I get knocked down, but I get up again.
Youre never going to keep me down.
Chumbawamba
feelin better took a walk
Postacquisition, I now work for RoundarchIsobar.
I can't wait to tour the company headquarters in Tln.
You know you're hungry when 's photo tweets make you doctorol!
We shd.
Im around this sat n tomorrow aft
I keep confusing CSS and CCS.
Does this make me a bad person?
Do I lose nerdcred if I tell the internets I've never seen Alien?
If it makes any difference, I am changing that now.
Slowly realizing that I'm no longer the young buck at work anymore.
Not sure if I should feel sad about this.
Man Lefty is not doing good on the opening round.
Bounce back Phil!
Follow for
oh my god could you imagine what would happen if she saw it...
gimmie something tough to spell, that's easy.
Were always amazed by the tamale love in PDX.
Delivering our pride and joy to today Enjoy  Feliz Cinco de Mayo!
I walk my shit,  did that shit what about u?
Riverbend Music Center in Cincinnati, Ohio August 9th.
A little later than usual but it's summer tradition.
cantwait Who's in?
: ItsTimeForYouToRealize you smell like shit..
Omg, who does this remind you of?
Thanks a lot for your hit back!
Cheers!
Well, it's supposed to be 106 today...that's hot even for us!
Still better off than those up north, though...lower humidity today.
Im Glad I Don't NEED make up : I just Choose To Put Some On My Face 
whoa indeed
We are getting ready to go get our inauguration tickets from Senator Brownback's office.
for now, Dick Clark...
so long.
RIP
IDK, they seem to nervously laugh some things off.
Maybe it's just me lol
Of course NCAA is looking at Nerlens.
Why wouldn't they!
He reclassified!
I absolutely hate summer book reports!!
life sucks.
My guy is a little horny, but aren't a lot of guys horny?!?!
I'm addicted to The Secret Life of an American Teenager.
ohwell.
not ok...
yashita is fine...
ys??
I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown.
Jim Morrison
Baseball, trout fishing, turkey hunts.
I dig April!
I live in the midwest
super awkward naked retarded man.
We have the show tickets in our hands!
Contact us and get them in yours!
Columbus innovator list wouldn't be complete without , Brooke Paul and the guys who started Founders Factory...
NHL Commish on talking bout fighting being just a SMALL part of the game.
Fighting is the ONLY reason to watch!
Lol!
That is great!
A little claustrophobic....but lot's to look at while waiting...
:
Super useful day updating online professorles.
Plus I taught someone that iPhones connect to iTunes.
no and no
careful, you broke your internet the last time you were so awesome!!!
OMFG!
I love the substitute that I had for science.
She gave us the answers to our homework!
:O
In less than 48hrs The Rob Michaels Band will be rockin' the HOB...
will you be there???
It's a guaranteed amazing time!
You could devote some time to the heart warming, crime fighting, bounce passing antics of Our Hero.
SUMMER IS HERE  IT'S HOT AT LENNAR!
Select homes come w/pool pkg or upto 20k in options  up to 10k in clsg costs
Nature fits all her childoctorn with something to do, He who would write and can't write, can surely
eh...
Less dishes to wash.
I can dig it
thanks Kevin!
Listening to my students talk about the LAN parties they had over break I am convinced they are the real embodiment of the Big Bang Theory.
If you're leaving cildc via metro pleas stand the right on the escalators.
The DC commuters will thank you :,
Just witnessed a guy hitting his dog, and the dog jumping back all scared.
all because it barked.
What can you do?
It is a dog.
I wasn't 100 confident about my decision to go with until I discovered uses it.
I'm sold now.
Gorgeous pic, loving it.
Have a beautiful week.
:
Can't wait to munch on a SanDiego style burger with everyone from at !
mad of what??
Of not having an ass??
Nahh if I dont have an ass how can I DEFECATE??
U do the math!go back to school boy lol
I'll have to check it out.
Thanks.
Paradox of multiple choices: answers may differ due to variety of perspectives but only one answer gets credits in
Thanks IBM for adding JCDL2012 to your events
you are mighty delusional, mighty mighty.
Your mind is a question answering machine.
FF My Friend on the other End!
For the record I dont take advice from ANYbody who rockin Shaq's or BK's.
No way!
haha
Brrr.
Rather envious of the team at
So is fb a way for people to discuss their problems ?
yayyyy!
Text me back :D
At our sxsw party?
Tweet in , check in or snap a pic on with sxswmpress 4 our event photoblog!
Too all whom have had a Reading from me or taken a Tarot class!
I need Testimonials for my new websites!!
thanx in advance, Rick
guess who passed his online class with a high D ;D
That could be considerate hint
Haha fuck you C Miles !
Nd already my Big Booty Diva got my bak ; 
a u rap too i seen that shit on worldstar
It was an epic sundae mashup, even on a rainy day.
I can't wait for summer!
Feel good this morning!
I ran my 7 miles.
Wohoo!
Can't' wait!
: Only 50 days till the 46th Annual Saint Patrick's Day Parade.
Let's make it the best one yet!
you know im the only one right now who could see that tweet
Thank you !
Paybacks a motherfucker
great pics john!
Crazy!
Our bassist can't play this show, so we have a fill in.
I hope we still play our best!
:
Tis the season for weight loss!
If you are serious about changing your life, like I am in 2011, reach out to me!
Let's team up!
We just found some knives hiding away....
decided to put them on clearance.
Come on in for some discounted Shun and Wusthof!
would you get turned on or offended if chris brown punched you in the face?
wit my and luvin this Chuck tribute....XII lounge
Whats in your glass this glorious Sunday?
first take in a thoroughly reported feature by Yahoo!
Sports one of the Tebow critics is Denver Broncos quarterback Brady Quinn
wish I was there...my luv to ereexpo!
Self confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings.
Samuel Johnson
Santorum Oozes Out.
Of the race.
nice.
I was playing words with friends and tweaking my phone till about 2am lol.
Why am I up this early?!
it was SO fun!
I just walked it, but had a blast playing with the colors.
Wear comfy shoes, i recommend sunglasses.
And HAVE FUN!
If your lawyer has a ponytail you're going to prison
Glad you enjoyed the Saga Blue Cheese recommendation!
How did you use the cheese, what type of recipe?
it was indeed :3
FF Our tweeters in the stores: , , ,
Great blog!
Zero Dialect at Twist in Metry tonite!
damn I'm early as hell in this uncharted territory.
Please dont let it be true that Whitney just died!
visit Donna today!!!
WHL Finals Game 3 about to begin.
We'll have highlights/reactions tonight at 10/11/Sports Sunday.
What's your go to track to get you through a rough day?
Order is Restored on 39;Dancing with the Stars39;
Will you tell me what's it's like when you find the gold at the end of the rainbow?
I remember vividly the day I completely forgot who Rick Santorum was.
Appreciated and endorsement reciprocated.
I/we definitely feel like you are doing the right thing in this industry.
We Love You!!
Remember, she broke your heart.
You have no reason to feel guilty.
This game leaves much to be desired.
Indiana would've at least hit shots and offered a challenge
Not received..
please resend..
thanks a bunch, hope to work with you on this project.
I'm really anxious to see what's going to happen in FallingSkies!!!
so excited!
:
add me on facebook.com/toninkajj or i on there most of the time.
If told me happy birthday, I'd definitely cry.
Just made breakfast ..
Finna head to school in a sec GrownManhit
Not too terrible.
I'm more of an Ego guy myself, though, I've been boycotting Smart Parts for years.
the wire from my braces is cutting my cheek 
Thanks for giving us a try!
Enjoy it!
Daily News
Great weather today in Pittsburgh!
What projects are you working on today?
Thanks.
The comments are a mess, though, all about whether Chinese has one 3rdsing pronoun or 2
That was measured at 425 feet yet his blast in Detroit was only 422.
Cleveland is better at math than Detroit.
It's between Beilein and Izzo I'd say
What to make of Allen Craig's last 350 MLB ABs??
Answered my own question haha Good shit man.
Supposing I wanted to buy some passionfruit to make caipiroskas, where might I find some in Baltimore?
you definitely aren't the only one
So I'm browsing a dating site while I eat a plate full of mini tacos.

why special attention for this festival and not others?
trains should run this late every weekend.
Ready 2 get weed doctornk lmao
looking forward to your big news on tonight's
and LOVING it!
Simply an amazing night of music!
Color me IMPRESSED!!!!!!!!!
Hold the phone...Tim Tebow was allowed to choose the team he'd get traded to and he picked the JETS??
Good afternoon I was wondering if you and I could talk about one of my bball players?
K good.
Play the 1500 re entry with me so we can swap ;
Going to hit up NorthPoint to get some clothes for Florida!
IfOnlyAlexKnew how much it would mean if he followed me 3
Burger King CEO, Bernardo Hees speaking on leadership at FIU.
bitches never learn
au contraire, I loved Clyde, Akeem and PSJ, but I still think there were more combined dunks tonight
yeah the Ravens do it sometimes too.
It's really annoying though as a fan
Glad you put us number 1!
Thx for your support/
Hey RT : howdy
Come in to USwirl next time you are bored!
Let go of the notion that you must grasp for or struggle to attain happiness, and simply let it be.
Haha, if I was buying it I would have bought you one though.
Since your birthday is the day before the concert!
Sure can!
Let us know!
No memos and no phone calls.
I promise!
it's all good!
As long as you keep makin music and doing good I'm all for ya man!
I'm doing great you?!
awwwe3 more please i love personal imagines!:
That is such great news.
Congrats!
Another one of my fertility patients is pregnant!
Woo!
Thanks  I will check into that for my client too!
I'd like to say thanks to the survey respondent who pointed out all the ways my survey didn't ask the right question.
You're awesome.
If I could identify one core problem about the world it's that we have been taught to distrust ourselves.
Is Perkins fully healthy?
I don't care what Apple does with iTunes in the cloud, or getting a music invite.
's Cloud Player does exactly what I wanted.
already on my way.
for realz.
It is time to get out there and teach a few classes, swim and run, yeah Tuesday!
Why is it that when wrestlers are watching other matches backstage they sit so close to the television?
burritos again please!
Listening to Liz's Found Sound and thinking how cool it is that is a new sponsor!
call me
Well said.
Hope it continues.
I believe we're seeing the Kris Joseph who realizes he can get 20 points and Dion being Dion.
sorry nic I thought that was a twitter thang too...
It's just a smiley face!
: Thanks for replying to my randomness!
exceptional Sunday!
Thanks for the new follows:
She said he said.
Shipping from China is getting more expensive for the hair, we have to raise prices, it not our fault
ya meat told me im gone hit yall up n see wats up all of us pose to b chillin at my room bfor prom
How can people say love is a lie when my feelings for you are so true?
One day, if my voice magically changes, then I want to collab with And him ONLY.
:
Happy New Year!
I have 26 attainable goals, long and short term, with specific action steps.
I'm ready to conquer 2012.
You?
First game tomorrow...I'M SO SCARED!!!
:
Fear less, hope more, eat less, chew more, whine less, breathe more, hate less, love more, and good things will be yours.
Swedish Proverb
is it forr if you miss a lot of days or something ?
my brother got a dog from Leader Dogs, a black lab.
Puppy Raisers are wonderful!
Whitney was too young to go.
Stunningly sad.
I can't believe I'll never hear her voice again.
Thanks for the follow and supporting CashMob.
Hope to see you at our next one, April 21st!
Training for Ent employees today for Quick Gym's Exercise at Work program.
Just walk down and getrdone www.quickgymcs.com
amazing!!
It will be incredible.
Oh crap way to put me on the spot!
Let's pretend its 11:11 right now were I live, So all I wish is that you follow me ?
P L E A S E
Fly like a bird sting like a scorpio
Off to Ferryville Wisconsin to help dedicate a memorial for former governor
Land shark a shark...thats on land.
Willis: interesting typography in silent cinema: college chums, Anemic Cinema and Blood of a Poet
FF shot the sheriff but didn't shoot no deputy.
taking a time out in BARCELONA!!!

It's never a good idea to abandon pitchers with top15 potential in May ...
yea you right..
Take a cold shower, brush your teeth and we'll see you tonight 7PM
stop by the Sephora Pantone popup in the Meatpacking District starting next Thursday and check out the product in person!
are you playing basketball dis year?
Grateful for another day to rise  grind.
Let's write a dope story on page 117 of 366.
Hannah Montana Forever?
How does Twitter know what goes on in Hell?
...
that to which he is accustomed.
Exactly.
I got way better information and insight from today's Twitter feeds, and from my own observations.
weeds fear
I'm pretty sure my morning Starbucks had pixie dust in it already.
That's some good stuff.
Be U Barbershop...a hidden Milwaukee gem!
I just sent you an email not clean no more :P
Hey!
Doing great.
Moved to Atlanta for a job at Emory and doing tons of improv.
How are you?
The way to get to the top is to get off your bottom.
Shot out to the GREATEST producer breathing!!!
My Squad is JTP!!!
And we Win!!!
Follow JoWayne219star
We support letphilplay.
Oh, and listen to our podcast Madison sports fans!
Lifes a bitch, but if you pimp her you might smile.
sometimesigetsickof Nickelback and Creed.
Oh wait.
That's all the time.
Glad you loved the LD page.
Have a great weekend!
6 year old girl's soccer.
Gotta love it!!
Fridah is a beast!!!!
My sister bought some organic treats for her cat.
Her cat snubbed them.
My parents' cats snubbed them.
My cat LOVES them!
:
Just in time for WNBA!
: All I have to do is get there 1 class and I am a semi free woman for the next 3 months.
Apparently, someone in my apartment building has taken up the portable jackhammer as a musical instrument.
So that's cool.
Yup!
From home!
Neat eh?!
just checking in...
live feed not up yet...
Congrats!!!
and i think some happiness is in order, happy early Birthday Be safe Enjoy your iPhone 3
You don't go out of bounds there?
Really?
What a bonehead move.
Lynch goes out of bounds there.
I cannot wait to wake up and eat an entire pack of bacon.....and maybe an egg or two
: Kate Winslet is one of the most beautiful human beings God has blessed the world with!
3 RT
My hips dont swivel  Im unnaturally awkward So I was amazed 2 find that Tribal Energy Cardio wrkout didnt make me feel like a bumbling fool
Yeah they do ticket on sundays.
nothing to complain about.
just had dinner with family and now watching law and order.
many blessing to u all.
hugs!!!
You should propose one!
I know I'd be up for a good kickaround.
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you 12
He most certainly is
Tripping Dad Shatters Alabamas Championship Trophy
Starting an official countdown until my 21st birthday: 9 long days.
We would love to be a professorssional source or provide demonstrations for your subscribers in the future.
ain't that the truth Bro
Let me know how nardigras goes..
I can't make it to NewOrleans this year
saw me a real live honest to goodness fox in the middle of Henry Bacon doctor, N.W.
on the bike ride in today.
He was less happy to see me.
looks like it's sold out :
I've seen this.
I get sticking up for teammate but factually wrong to say he doesn't watch the games and only cares about stats.
Fear is the mind killer.
crazy no?!
It was great chatting w/you today at Think Big Baltimore tbb hope we can work together again soon, on your show or mine!
I wanna email him but idk how to contact him
I'll do it, I'll do it.
The only thing I miss when I'm away from school is all the girls other than that I am not looking forward to going back Monday...
Leap Day!
It's 2/29 so we are having 2.29 Miller Light bottles and 2.29 Frog Leg Appetizers 2night only.
Leap on down here.
Colors greatly affect
The beat you produced features two chicago heavy hitters...wait til you hear it
fyi it's not Nova
Glad to hear you enjoy our bars.
: RT: Sunbelt granola bars FOODGASM hahaha
hope 2012 is better than 2011 because it really sucked
O MY GOD!!
I just checked my bank accnt and a mystical 300 appeared in my Savings Acc.
not to mention my 160 refund.
Lets freakin go!
I just turned on tv and heard astronomy lesson what did I miss?
Cmon the curiosity is torture
Got busted had to remove the pics!!
hey batch!
Yes and no.
Yes going out, no not to Lowell.
I escaped Lowell RememberThat?
Lol
hope all is well!
:
We are honored to be nominated for Small Business of the Year!
Man's witness of his own times dies with him.
Ken Light  Kids discussed how photography gives them a voice and a legacy.
Having one song a repeat
I don't know that creepy was what we were going for....
;
you guys rocked!
Killer sound and killer beards!
BlackBerry App World for PlayBook is built with the Air SDK
Misread teens as trees.
Thank goodness it's the weekend.
I don't like how skinny you are so I'm going to talk shit about your shoes and skirt
she dnt but tht dnt mean imma listen to her i love u n she ain't gonna stop me from loving u
Q3: There needs to be an environment of team, with a head as appropriate!
You really think the wife had the choice here?
talking to the tv thinking what you saying is gonna change whats going on lol
Meetings are indispensable when you do not wish to do anything.
ill be too doctornk.
just kidding...but not really.
Lol, someone found a condom in their Texas History book in Moreno today...
Only at Tom Browne, you will find a condom in a history book.
xD
of course.
Idk if your phones off of what.
I texted you.
My windows open.
Rick Astley!
He's as close as it gets.
For death is no more than a turning of us over from time to eternity  William Penn
Damn!
That is when I'll be away.
none have a guarantied meet and greet.
how the heck does that happen?
You breathe life into me
you're TRENDING!
:D votedforaustin!
3
Hope has as many lives as a cat or a king.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
you guys gonna have the CJ girlfriend interview posted at some point?
very interested in those mailers
The best revenge is massive success.
Frank Sinatra
The worst part about having a doctorver's license and a car is when your parents guilt you into running errands for them.
Just tapped Chuckanut's Pilsner.
Our dogs do that too.
So either they're all brain damaged, or its normal in dog world!
in 720p.
This is far less.
Ready for a late night tonight?
Join us from 11pm1am for half off appetizers!
Andoctorw Luck
PlansForTheSummer Hitting the lake beach and BBQing!
We're feeling a little Canada for breakfast today  the Mont Tremblant: Chargriddled Canadian Bacon, Egg, Maple Fromage Blanc.
holy fuc' in coach red voice
That felt like the longest period.my nerves are shot at this point.
Thank you for the follow!
That's quite an inspired name for a publication.
I love it.
At last night's Community Planners Committee mtg, Led Zeppelin played as I walked in the room.
I could get used to that : cc:
i know and they make him out to be a god like nothing ever happen
you making ne sound like a stalker I just saw York tweets on my twitter app geeze calm down.
thankful for you and all the things you've done for me!
So true!!
Family and the ones you love are the only things that really matter.
Did you handle your DCTAG App yet?
In 4 hours, AustinSalt Lake CitySeattleVancouver.
mustgetsomesleep planestrainsautomobiles
we need to hang out this summer.
Party like the old days!
;D
Makes me feel young, although I can't do anything nearly as impressive as goal tend.
But I make a mean ribeye.
Impressive.
Most impressive.
Indeed you are powerful as the Emperor has foreseen!
James Earl Jones ;
Happy Birthday to Aaron Connolly!
You guys hear about Neil Armstrong?
He found steroids on the moon
Happy mother's day 2 all the women who take care of they kids especially without help
Show at Pearl was good, networked with the money men.
Tomorrow I'm doing some radio.
It's National Siblings Day!
Make sure to tell your brothers and sisters you love them :
At the national mall, catching up with the latest shows at the Smithsonian.
Tons of people!
Really amazing work.
The API works beautifully.
Thank you for putting it on github!
Thank you for that but it's not linking to me.
um our ep release show is next week in Cupertino!
Is that close enough?
B
I got the room!
Moving to NE PDX June 1st!
thanks!
located in Seattle WA
pretty WIDE !
Thank you!
:D
sez: All the goons follow me on Twitter.
And: I FAR prefer the Internet world to the real world.
Thanks for the RT.
Have a great night
oops, totally forgot.
as they see bills frequently as well as deliverables.
Our rates are probably a fraction of a co like Thoughtworks tho...,
You are never a loser until you quit trying.
Mike Ditka
Hate you?
Noway I was just doctornk n let a girl answer my texts for me
I rely on Bamboo because I cannot kill it!
Haha!
Hey, it's effective ; Nice to have it on there though...
CFO: Couple yrs old, but Firefighters worst around 30, Laborers' best around 70.
Biss: How did we arrive at these priciples?
Assumptions?
And when I saw the reply you got from Jesus, it cracked me up.
He is omniscient after all.
: What did you expect?
I want a new selena icon..
can you send me one through bbm please?
just got done playing black ops with Justin and Kyle
good times last night.always a nice surprise crossing paths wid yall.
Pygmy goats!!!
yeah thanks man..
producing is fun but i just need a break from music for a while i think..
need to focus on school.
the DOOSH is booking shows in So.
Cal
o ok give both of them kisses for me
teamfollowback HEY!!!!
Lol.
W.O.R.D.
Answers to questions that were never asked.
new avi!
do you feel my influence???
lmao
relapse indicators RT : Q9  reasons to miss or stop going to mtgs, annoyed by recovery/sober friends, isolate
Obama just said gas turbines
you heard it hear first: steelers are negotiating contracts to bring back jeromebettis, kordellstewart, and
Lol, yeah.
these days many little kids surprise me.
I don't vote for the guy I trust.
I vote for the guy who trusts me the most.
Gary Burghoff
Two Michigals just passed me on route to Austin.
It's in our policy that they can but if it really happened, I probably would.
check out the facebook page.
we're up on that.
launch site still set for the dec.
1.
WHOO NEW TAG TEAM CHAMPIONS!
When u find the perfect thinglove it !!
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 6
NP Crew Love doctorke .
Tunes World Out
I think it's funny that so many people spend so much money on juice cleanses.
It is so easy to juice yourself.
Buy a juicer and start!
RT : Gas Price Forecast: Fill up now.
Prices up 8 cents in 4 days and still climbing.
Expect 4 plus for regular this weekend
Jim Boeheim is in Madison as the keynote speaker for Coaches v.
Cancer Sat.
night at Kohl Center.
can't wait!
Will be glad to see you there
4S  using the normal twitter app.
RT : are you using an iPhone 3GS, 4, or 4S?
And are you running iOS 4 or 5?
RT : NewarkEssex Pride Coalition is preparing to vote on 2010's pride theme!
Have ideas?
DM me
How did Chris Davis get Adoctoran Gonzalez down 02  then strikes him out.
That game just sums up how improbable their season has bren
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
I will never settle I don't care who or wat it is.
If it ain't up to my standards then it literally doesnt exist
Bob Errey, stalking players all the way to Sweden 
A monk seal just came out the ocean right in front of me to take a nap!
According to emails I have gotten, swears are evidence of a poor command of language.
Just saying, mister Sweary.
haha thanks I'm loving these stitches
random bitches in the library acting like they run shit
same...
but it also gives me inspiration to keep moving forward no matter how hard something is or what gets in my way :
That burrito was way too big.
What am I doing to myself?
glad you like it.
didn't have you craving that spam tho?
Rose: BACK!
I've been home Maybe 20 minutes..
He's trying to make me look bad hahaha
I tried the 'world famous' Zingers at AleHouse in Town Sq.
They really are good, very much like chicken fingers!
9
I'm going to be jammin Van Halen alot throughout the day.
I'm excited for the game tonight!!!
Totally impressed.
Some really slick stuff.
The sophistication of their structure is blowing me away!
M.
Lazen of
Now you're jus somebody that i used to kno!!
Sad thing is we used to be the best of friends.
46 Of U.S.
Thinks Facebook Is A Fad
Lol .!
Have you saw the my girl remixx .!
excited
Put fear in perspective.
Realize that positive outcomes are possible.
Standing for what you believe in, regardless of the odds against you, and the pressure that tears at your resistance, ...means courage
lmao i was jokeing whit you i no you like me
Indeed.
RT Twitter turns six today.
Quite the impact in just six years.
im done, imma unfriend you.
story of my fucking life.
Happy Mother's Day to all you beautiful women.
Thank you for existing and giving us the beautiful gift of life.
:
me too.
after all yelling CAT PARTY down Washington Ave isn't very gentlemanly.
Suck My Disnik
I forgot to doctorw!!!
Liv was a great club, definitely lived up to its famous reputation!
Happy Mom's Day to my mother Kathy!
Love ya mom!
Thank you, just thank you!
Connecting with funders to help collaboration so our pilot program, CJSC Homeless Law ID Program can help homeless people in US.
Best, All!
Network visualization powerful, but cold: arrests motion and doctorins away movement.
8000 Pi Jobs Guarantee Is 'Exceptional'  Bahamas Tribune
Thanks for the follow!
are there any gentleman left in LA?
Quick Fix: Succotash, Crusted Pork Make A Lively Dinner Duo
at fest live in the DOME ULTRA  BOSTON  MIAMI
iknow we do , ihad fun last time :
I agree  doesn't Christina look fab on the live shows?
I belive is organizing something.
RT : so, is there a social get together scheduled yet?
Great read, Mark!
to you as well!
So much time has passed, so much time I have lost.
Can't look back, have to work for a better tomorrow.
My fav thing about Phoenix are the cacti and joshua trees!
Sushi time
Its been too long!....whats up my tweeters!
sdmayornp Bonnie dumanis giving props to 8000 nonprofessorts, make SD world class arts city
that shit annoys the hell out of me...especially when they call private...
Grow the hell up....
Scientists scrutinize rise in baby dolphin deaths.
www.tncnews.com
yes, the cat likes it too, but is a bit afraid of it
...AND she just caught me staring at her.
Great.
Amazing spot!
Sometimes people just want someone to talk to, don't they?
National coffee day?
Hm.
Oh well how bout some fresh German Choc cake or Birthday cake and coffee.
being at school from 8AM  5PM 
Safe Zone for LGBT youth meets Fridays at Essex County College.
Fenway is way too quiet.
Orioles fans know how to make some noise.
Dire need of some Camden Yards.
Cutest cat ever
linsanity!!!
Let it never end!!!
YAAAAAAAAYAYAYAYAY LOVE YOU
I ate too many gummy bears, determining if flavour and color corresponded ...
The tweenage Samuel Beckett
If someone pooped in my bag id be pissed!;o
Sometimes it all just gets too much and you just need a break from everyone and everything.
Slaymate back in, both teams at full strength Quite a penaltyfree bout at this point, actually Score: Rotties  28, Maulers  4
33 39of loans questioned by the GSEs are leading to buybacks, which could result in 20 billion to 33 billion in losses
You flip flop on the Broncos more than a
they say they gon rob me see me never do shit
Cris Carter not voted in to the hall...again?
C'mon man!!!
: I have one question.
Where are their sleeves?the players need to air out their sweaty active bodies.
Very nice, I personally sold them that bottle
Working on understanding and how we assess what each of us as individuals is good at so we can crosstrain.
Any ideas to share?
I'm thinking Pig and Bird might have the reverse effect....
but that's Nun of my business.
Watching Pinapple Express in econ class...
Thank you kid in front of me with the iPad2...
My date  your date haah
she knows i'm scared of cats lol
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.
doctor Martin Luther King, Jr.
First coworking event of 2012 for happening now!
I would love to try your Coquito!!!!!
:
u got mad swag.
love u forever.
3
doctorg!
Go shoot something!
A guy from a my everyday class is at the place i am at ...
It feels really Awkward Oo
thanks dude :'
I'm on a distended vacation.
Coloring daina's hair with sharpies when she isn't paying attention 
Just took my first Bikram yoga class.
I liked it much more than I thought I would.
interesting point Newt just made about not allowing Romney to focus attacks on one candidate
Getting ready for Marrakesh !!
My staff is talking about finding perfect royaltyfree music for Italian cooking video made by a patron.
are you ok ?
Have a safe trip lady.
notetoself take off the pink nail polish soon
Once they stop talking to you, That's when they talk ABOUT you.
HAHAHHAHAHAA.
no :P
Well there were all those rumors..that they caused all kinds of infections..
were rumored to be toxic..also pantyhose!
ringing!!
Ring!
Hell?
Oh hi TED!!!
Thanks for following mofones!!!
Ttyl!!
and say i love you too
I love you so much :
iplspring this trend continued in Campbell Soup v.
Armour  Co., rejecting color trademarks of soup can red  white
Of Course!
No Need To Give A Shout Out Unless You Want.
Thats Very Nice.
: Just Tell Me When.
Ms.
Levensons such a tweak though
Got a whole two hours in the studio today!!!
Yay!
OKC won't shoot this well again.
what your nigg wont do anthor can do ' if you anti fuck your nigg ' good anthor bitch will .
Pretty sure it's a way of telling me I shouldn't ever have to clean again...right?
:
thanks so much!!
that's cool : I'm watching tv with my sister!
And let's face it.
If you rarely lose, then you're not lucky.
Good game, sir.
Smoke a little smoke  Eric Church3
I have to say: Madden '11 on the iPad kinda awesome.
The last and final day of 411
who are there players only attending school one semester?
Only one in cal's tenure has been Daniel Orton.
apologies, meant to tag !
Perspectives in Ambulatory Care: Models of Care in Outpatient Cancer Centers in the March/April 2012
Of Mice And Men My Understandings
best thing about time warner without msg network is nba tv show called NBA 80's, could be best show ever!
RT FYI  un/underinsured health screenings for blood pressure, glucose, cholesterol on 9/6 NE corner of Peoria/Colfax, 103pm
Wondering if anyone actually uses Google Adwords for development and designing websites.
Happy Mothers day to all the mothers
Woah my bed is comfortable
RT : Friday Night Lights 
Loving classes at.
Fun, dynamic and efficient as fuck!
Packers trade up to take Casey Hayward  CB out of Vanderbilt 62nd overall
Scotch.
The only kind of pain medicine my lower back responds to.
Bring it!
RT no, now I will never be able to eat pudding again so long snack pack sniffles thanks.
Okay, I'm done working.
Who wants to take care of me for the rest of my life?!
The cat in gloves catches no mice.
you're alive!
If your boyfriend/girlfriend tweets about you as oomf then you aint shit
better than me swimming through bullshit
who doctorfts better  jets or knicks?
dm What do you believe is the best way to get new online customers?
What Is An quot;Estate Taxquot;?
Consult Our Financial Advisors
Bless the LORD, O my soul  all that is within me, bless his holy name.Bless the LORD, O my soul  forget not all his benefits
I'll hit you up later this week.
Might need a weekend skype :
can you believe this?
The boys from school call Austin, Austin Mahomo yet they don't even know who he is!!!
welcome back!!!
22 of precincts reporting in Mississippi.
58 voting NO on personhood amendment.
got love for
Did you know that Krispy Kreme produces enough doughnuts in about a week to make a line of doughnuts from New York City to Los Angeles?
that makes me feel kinda better
kids Stars  Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Thu, May 10 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
Thanks!
The ales at City Tavern are great, thanks to and
Q2 Reactions were all over the map.
What is your reaction?
Does Mushnick have any ground to stand on here?
His brain vs.
your rolodex.
Welcome!
RT Among other things, today I'm comparing my Rolodex to that of Pete Webb at
: Still can't believe that Brad Wing isn't there.
That's freaking nuts.
He's a freshman.
Probably had a lot to do with it.
Thanks for touching base!
Have a great Friday!
absolutely love those lyrics...
yoursingingaboutmylife :
that makes me so upset.
i liked it but it kind of pisses me off too that we won't qet to see them in London.
not very happy..
perhaps I should be sick andlay poker more often.
got a top five spot locked up.
first final of the season for me too!
Books are an exceptional hangover cure.
We're offering prescriptions from noon to 6pm today.
I cant sleep tonight, I'm way too anxious for the upcoming weekend!!
Family time :
Intstng GM was bailed out by we the people  they pull 10M of advtsng in doctormatic fashion days before FB IPO?
I might just catch my self singing your song again, :P
ah!!
Now you know the real reason why I moved here ;
Today  McDonalds they asked if I wanted a boy toy or a girl toy in my happy meal...
I chose boy toy because it was way cooler!
Want a reason to get over those Monday blues?
Our Happy Hour with 2For1 Margaritas  Pia Coladas starts at 2pm7pm!
looking for someone here close by to play with and serve fully...
Ok Haley we believe you : RT hahaha, I just taught him a little something.
Yes, I didn't realize Sarkozy was so unpopular!
RT : Anyone following the French election Round one?
My day just got worse my sunglasses are no where to be found.
True American , now a brown.
USA USA USA!!
looks like you and I need to start out own museum of free knowledge and culture :
You must know for which harbor you are headed if you are to catch the right wind to take you there.
Seneca
UVerse Internet down all the time now.
I unplug the modem each morning, make oatmeal, and when the microwave beeps, the Internet is ready.
damn i was tired af but now i cant go to sleep
okay, you took it too far .
is Jesus Christ :
Now im tired....
The martyred Bishop Valentine was chosen as the patron saint of the new festival
Xtina's boobs are as big as footballs.
And a Presbyterian!
;o
The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another.
James Matthew Barrie
lampard to United?
It's OK.....keep him Chelsea thanks.
;
Cooking channel has wonderful events for fun and easy dishes.
CHECK OUT Rachel Ray
yo got some mail for you.
Somebody thinks Im playing!
This is not a doctorll, I will come thro and
Tonight my cousins and my grandfathers will come to my house.
I'm excited, because friday nights always is really cool.
I think there's a typo in the second paragraph, first sentence.
I bet !!
shit is the only natural high i get , fosho i'm getting a list together so i can make this studio at home too
I really hate Pirates broadcasters when they start going of topic.
West Liberty Hall of Fame?
Fuck that noise.
I've been there.
I had one guy make a complete website with just my images.
no excuses.
Take action
This New Year don't make a resolution.
Make a plan.
You think your so perfect and pretty and kind and that everyone loves you ..
Yeah , think again .
would you follow me?
I miss your kids and community meetings.
Both awesome.
It's always fun singing with my sis love you guys
no clue but hear it too
This waiting is torture.
Pure torture.
Listening to Sirius XM celebrating Whitney Houston :
yep, and I could be your tour guide!
: I don't even like arguing no mo; me response be yeah ight or I'ma hit u later same here dat shit weak to me
S/O to for not givin that dUKie Chump any props.
10 Things I Hate About You: I can never stay mad at you.
Are u kidding me...
This the shit I hate about the Yotes.
Out played all game, but game is tied...
Terrible
Take care
mythoughtsatschool are you serious its only 3rd period
I refuse to let this beat me...
Going to sleep, goodnight!
Thank you!
Excision is sick!
is in the A!
Everybody come see him tomorrow at the Basement!
Chicago Bears  Wallpaper
Actually next week...
lol
Happy Birthday !
Hope you have a great day!
that's because you'll always be his baby girl.
:
Going to have to were the goggles when I Hoop since I split my eyebrow open...
Caffeine and lack of sleep maybe?
RT My eye is twitching and it looks like I'm winking at everyone.
...thanks for agreeing..i know it will work..it does already.
you just keep tweeting on the American factories you find.
thanks
Bongwater smells like pennies
Asked middle school kids what's the name of the 1st spanish lady on supreme court.
One boy yells out, Jennifer Lopez!!
Ah, our youth!
thanks for being new followers, we appreciate it!
Check out our facebook page too
TEACHING LOVE: a man can not teach hate, for hate is self motivated....
Happy MLK day, everyone!
Thank you to all those that fight for justice on a daily basis.
Okay, I'll beta for you.
Got the shakes, so food break at Lemongrass.
Some overdubs to do and then done for the day.
Thank god!
RT : New episode of tonight!
Cant wait!
I'll not go to sleep until you follow  tweet me something!: I love you both so much!6
Now following the lovely
Everyone has to find that one thing which helps to motivate and encourage full engagement with life.
Smart, you want to make sure that stuff is well cooked.
thank you ma'am!
Senior K teacher looking 4 software similar 2 StudyDog 4 literacy.
Her kids luv the goal oriented, individualized aspect.
Any suggestions?
Wow.
BinLaden Confirmed Dead.
Obama addoctorssing the nation.
aw what
Damn tomorrow's Friday already!
Check expiration dates on food, medicine, sunscreen and batteries.
RT : inBed.me and Triptrotting are throwing a party for backpackers at Hostelling International NY...
Wow.
This officiating sucks.
How do you miss the net being off the moorings for that long?
got you.
Im tired of seeing these beautiful woman with these ugly ass face tattoos.
People come into your life for a reason, a season, or a lifetime.
3
OH WELL.
I wanted Nat but you didn't let me so it's me  Alex woohoo
Great message today at Waters Edge Frisco still makes me think, as parents have we done what we can to pass His legacy on to our kids?
thank you for coming and sharing with us great moments, hope to see you back soon.
This Nigga Shall Now Wear The Name Of Little Brother Again.
poked me, y'all know what that means.
So welcome!
Love having everyone there!
Welcome to the office, Look forward to getting to know you more
love you too man!
I like the new studio a lot better, its more streamlined than the switchboard, good job guys
AAM2011 Online fever session: UVic: reading and writing skills are critical for all participants in online progs
Best radio voice?
from Somehow makes the most obscure econ trend actually engaging!
No contest.
I mean I'm a good ass woman.
Smh, i catch feelings way to fast.
TerrificNews to hear this Monday morning It shows that one doesn't have to even leave there house to
awww you just got some points..lol
loved the segment Penny Griffith had on NPR this morning, keep up the great work and if we can help is here!
Since I'm not at the concert, I'm gonna listen to doctorke and act like hes here spiritually.
IT'S SNOWING!!!
:D

What does the application schedule look like?
What do you look for in potential applicants?
Just watched literally three minutes of TopChefMasters  started crying.
That proposal was the sweetest thing I've ever seen.
i can barley see my phone 
Just been watching movies the past few hours.
I'm intrigued....
thanks!
We should catch up soon too
So I just found out im an inverted person but then again I don't talk alot because it ain't nothin worth my time to converse about it
The greater your capacity to love, the greater your capacity to feel the pain.
Jennifer Aniston
The shins radio on pandora ehile editing and finishing final projects.
What are you reading today?
to
No, actually, that would be nice.
Thanks for the FF!
Happy Friday :
all angels lets request SOLISTEN on all the radio stations!
great songs deserve to be heard!!!
Forty year old virgin or Fifteen and preganant can't decide.
Deal with it!
iHate the feeling of being played,/3 You Can't Trust Any Guys these days their All the same.
u.u
then just skip the gym.
You're fine.
:
had a really great time serving with wewillgoministries this morning and thanking God for such a beautiful day :
haha oddly enough I choose to believe ironing clothes while on is of course normal behavior for folks like us.
I love my gays!
Always put me in the best mood.
Happy Easter!
Respect all things that are placed upon this earth  whether it be people or plant
SHORT ROAD TRIP 2 C DAT UNGRATE......BUT IT WAS WORTH IT...SINCE MET HIM ON DA HIGHWAY......CATCH ME IF U CAN.....
Are you ever to old to have a crush on someone?
Yes!
I mean obviously I would pin along but it would be helpful if some others joined in on the fun.
it's confirmed 8 out of 9 people that stayed at my house over New Years ended up getting the flu...
UGH!
and some people arent mean anymore
the nursing supervisor.
makes me go fuck, this dude is to good, ill never make it but at the same time say this fool gives me straight motivation
Same to you!
Yes, I find change is very exciting.
Thanks for following Eyefunc.
Please introduce yourself!
TwitterLove 
yeah we do buddy someone's elses sugar is sweeter
Reading the Weiner headlines, I take it?
lol craigslist will be no different a week from now people find way around restrictions or just go to another site.
I'm trying to go big before I'm possibly let go hahahaha
I'm not sure :o google it lol bc i don't take pain meds :/
have fun!!
Hawkeye hoodie in the Student Center!
Gwaan turn dis day on its head.
DM your emailgot a little treat for you.
nw Friday Night Lights on the bus an staying out of this rain and cold
Implement blogging into your eCommerce marketing efforts to reach more people and grow your eCommerce store
Sale day today!
50 OFF nearly all items!
7020 Huntley Rd, Bldg D, Columbus, OH.
Don't despair.
The Reds can score 9 today, but if you have 10 cups of Old Style, WE win!
I know I need a vacation when I start pretending the shower head is a waterfall...
RT Academics in 2012: You use that Twitter thing?
Really?
// These would be funnier if they weren't so true.
My daughter is the one w/CM.
As of right now, no syringo.
How are you doing?
well there's that, but that phrase will get added to your search history  may provide results you'll wish you didn't find
adorable photo!
Run hard, be strong, think big!
Percy Cerutty
I wrote you back on insta but i didn't mention you so you will never see it unless I tell you
How beautiful and strange that it was named directly to you moments after I completed it
because she was pissing me off
Anyone ever use Twitter's lazyweb feature?
Any value in it?
Havin some CHUUUUUUUU'CH In the car...
To much fun.
Yes after owning a restaurant I am very particular about where I eat.
I watch everything and everyone.
And w/my gallbladder I 1/2
Very nice!
Thx Bro!
I know U will Break Legs 2!!!
im that nigga in the left lane with no turning signal;
Why the hell did justin tweet he's glad to be back in Canada when he's in Florida at Selena's concert.....
I really really really don't understand what goes through oomf's head..
Charlie Sheen.
U winning
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements can define acceptable terms for both spouses on any stressful topic.
Austin's mentions are filled with animal sounds.
haha
Good stuff!
: What do you know, an show tonight.
All you must do is sit down and order.
Thanks for lunch!
Definitely honored to be a part of community.
I'm around all afternoon, come before 5pm!
thats great news congrats..
Hope the job is fun  keeps u wanting to work lol
Happy Thanksgiving from the Fresh Coast Classic!
We're thankful for all of our supporters!!
I don't know your girlfriend's twitters, but let them know I appreciate them and not to break your hearts.
I really like trucks, okay.
not gonna lie...I like that I see myself everytime I see your tweets hahaha
Chief Chief Chief Chief
Follow for me please :D thank you
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND We love you and RNG : It would mean so much if your did!
; 3
I'm certain that Holly will be the next person voted off Idol that was way too pitche like the rest of her songs she ha performed.
ha I do like...
2/5, unless coffee counts as breakfast...
i love cupcakes, 3 :
im thinkin of writtin a story about kids in high school tell me wat u guys think kk if i shld or shldnt hmm hmm
after seeing Grace, I think I shall fly to San Francisco and rob a bank.
Ruijssennaars concludes lecture.
Many were in attendance; more between 5075.
Work..
Check you lovely followers out 
Thanks 4 the fabulous firkin  thanks  Rob 4 representing Long Island  not 4gettin' da burgh
Any1 in my t/l feel close to the issue of supporting blind/low vision teens?
Know someone who does?
I know of a great opp.
DM me.
Pls RT.
ThoughtsFromWatchingHistoryChannel's Rise of the Third Reich: An idea isn't always right just because a majority agrees with it.
ah just missed you guys.
holla at me for edit or mix work.
NITE NOTE FAMOUS PEOPLE THAT TALK TO ME!!!!!
if only lady gaga would.......
Again, it's large enough to provide needed expansion, yet not nearly large enough to have an environmental impact
gotcha idk all of them
Its amazing cause my whole life ive taken care of everyone and the one time i just need a hug i become the plague.
Fuck that.
Why do I always do something amazing when no ones watching?
thank you!
:
Thanks but it is actually I just RTed.
Do you want me, or do you want me dead?
hi tryin 2 reach Juliana Rojas 2 participate n 3rd Beyond Borders:Diversity in Cannes Filmmaker Symposium.
i know ur her partner
Awesome that it's being addoctorssed  thanks for your work.
Only one serious fail out of five experiments in infusing liquor.
Still better with hot sauce.
Other than to simply stop destroying lives to make the hardware.
We could have the technology without the greed
I love America.
I don't love that sticking up for underrepresented is equated to sticking up for bullies.
sermon tonight from at was amazing!
really hit home
We Share Somethinn So Common
thanks for the prompt answer..
Love my Jaclyn!!
:
I want to rescind my view of that video.
Check out They are doing some amazing things regarding point clouds and photogrammetry!
Thinking about a lot of things
No problem!
Have a great Friday!
I realize more and more everyday that I should leave things in God's hands.
Good article, thanks for posting!
Thanks for the mention, Janis.
what did Chaz say to you?
He Betta hurry home b4 I change my mind
Ok changing my mind now I wanna go to ihop.
Some damn body betta call me
it would be funny if the people got super pissed
iPad 3 arrived two weeks early from Verizon.
We can do the same with Bengals jerseys...kinda sorta.
White and black have some orange but not a ton!
Brian's Johnson and fucking Golden Axe are playing a FREE show tonight at PJs!
Can you believe it?!?
A Jedi is always on time.
Unfortunately, the senate is our to lunch.
Blast!
RT The thing that will keep you up at night is imagining who will play Meryl Streep in the biopic of Meryl Streep.
You talking nonsense so imma put my music on  zone you out
I don't like DST.
Wish Indy would go back to the way it was.
I'm so tired...
Wedding planners...duh!
is trying to keep America employed here...lol :
lmao my cousin is stupid!!!!
OH: Isn't any herpes too much herpes?
Yea yea its sour time
I'll never forget that shocking moment in FL infamy.
NRA's Marion Hammer was evilly grinning over Jeb's shoulder.
shudder
Damn straight
check your phone...
We just turned 16!
To celebrate, we're giving 16 off for the rest of March.
Mention that you saw it online.
I have officially been told that after last Tuesday and this Thursday I will be considered professoresional,whatever that means
You really are 5 steps ahead :
In my eyes only GoodThingsInTheWorld happen to bad people!
and all the bad things happen to good people!
Follow our youth
Love that Populazzi's on your list!
Thanks!
Also, u will LOVE Hunger Games  so amazing!!!
Graduate today!!!
Sorry Mike, can't.
Watching kids that night.
Good morning everyone!
Creepy crawling ticks.......some also about the size of the periods in this tweet
I've got a justin.b 2012 calender and now that some months have been I'm wondering if ishould cut them out or wait till dec RT if ishould nw
uhg i hate my moms sometimes..:/
Has anyone seen the equivalent, or adaptation, of the flipped classroom concept used for business new hire training?
I 3 bass players : do u play in a band?
We will also be live tweeting and blogging from educationalaccess NPEA2012 .
Stay tuned!
When They Get Snapped On , Bet They Won't Do It Again .
Need to clean my shotgun, I only wish I knew how to clean it.
The only advice I've gotten is not to look down the barrel...
RIP Sami.
Love n miss u baby girl3
A ridiculous amount of fashion  beauty bloggers are attending our social media lounge.
Don't miss our Collective: Exhibition Trunk Show!
Damn!
I forgot the kids asked me to come and help them in class 
My timeline is dead.
It is going to be a big caffeinated green tea kind of morning.
wanna chat on skype??
but high life is a multicultural beer...
You're not your.
Hello Guys!
See ya later UConn
Jennifer Anniston and Gerard Butler are amazingly funny in the movie The Bounty Hunter, which I had the privilege of working on
I didnt think having a half black half white president would stir up the murky ugly race issues in America...Boy was I wrong...
Email would be great.
I can distill any feedback and post it to forums and/or errata.
BREAKING: shows up to work.
Told me he wasn't me.
I LOL'd.
Told that whipper snapper to get back to work!
Layin here cuddled up with my blankie Sunday night slow jams :
Just home from Cirque/Michael Jackson at USAirways Ctr.
MJ's music and Cirque were meant for eachother!
Tune in 9:10am on Ch 3 for more!
well the badgers did their part for a rematch....
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!
am i right?
can a brother get an amen?
Thanks for the follow!
Vannesa Hudgens can't sing for shit!!
I don't know why she even tries.
She sounds like a dieing cat.
Hahaha!
Big Mac!
I want an apology when he KOs Sergio!
Garduno's at is closing?
Sad face!
Thank for you another FF!
it's true.
You're so beautiful, I wish I was you..
That's it!
I officially despise the Internet  how it makes perfectly normal people into hateful asshles!
Grab somebody sexy, tell 'em HEY.
It's one of those days where no matter how many variations of spanx I put on, I'm still rockin the doughboy
Wake up with God, not your problems.
Trust me, He's got it covered.
following everybody back 
After taking your vitamins get down to fflv and go to and buy the latest MIKELPATRIK orig!
I just do what I do, playa.
My mom loves u Tony where From puerto Rico and your her favorite singer make another album and now your my favorite
peninsula and the north.
But yea I'm down to play.
Packers and Bicth's game still on my mind man I hope they win
that shit that's tied to a stick?
thank you for naming us 1 of the best beer bars in your latest issue!
Fighting with idiots is like wrestling a pig in the mud.
You soon realize the pig likes it.
: Melo killed us.
Good freakin' game.
Yo Waka Flocka No Hands Was The Hardest Club Song Last Year!
Timbers 3, Revs 0: great game Portland!
Storytelling performances are at 11:30 am and 1 pm today.
Performances will be outside because I say so.
I wanna hit her so bad 
WoW!
Today was a LONG but very successful day.
Shut eye happens right now!
Night friends.
Hope your week is a blessed one!
Sick today.
COME SAVE ME FROM THIS HELL I CALL HOME ROOM!!!!!!!
michigan fruit.
Lol.
Yes bright, giant oranges, apples and bananas.
I wouldn't do it in NY.
On my way to a closing at Hocker  Associates.
doctorving home doctornk, saw cop lights, thought it was a checkpoint, so and i switched, hahaha.
You got it!
what?
That sucks!!
I think we need more people now
And all the haters can stop sniffing around Braun's MVP award now.
hitting up the studio with Young Sick tomorrow...working on new music!!
catching up on some stargate universe glad to see McKay back in the program
...but I'm not a flopper.
You know who i miss?
that kid was pretty cool i guess
Home alone and it's storming.
I'm scared!
:
Running with Sdoctortonight at Mission Bay Ed's Waterfront run 6 pm at Santa Clara Point Park.
DEVILS!!!!
Hell Yeah!
Martytookover wehavehomeice ustilllooktired We just needed a split!
Thanks!
I appreciate that!
Looks like you're a kindoctord spirit  looking forward to learning more about  from you as well
Love my life 
sweet!
i'd say start making native app about anything, and see how it goes, and lemme know and i can jump in too
Ima stop tweeting bc I never get a RT, Tweet or Follow
it looks like is loving his new bracefree smile..and all the mahomies are loving it as well:
tired isn't even the word
The ultimate key to happiness is loving who you are !
3
Make it happen girl!
Fiona's Flash?...
or even more alliterative; Fiona's Fox4 Flash.
man the steelers cant catch a break
when are you coming to austin?
Want an allowance?
You'd need to do chores.
JT: No thanks.
Me: Let me know if you change your mind.
JT: I definitely won't ever do chores.
And after much compromising, the rainy Sunday family film is .
.
.
The Three Stooges.
haha.
Nice.....
I want a cupcake!
I miss you too.
Voxer me back some time hoe!
:
Is there, uh, anything else going on in yr life that might be confusing yr ability to see/feel your novel project clearly?
Happy Birthday!!!!
Hope its a great one.
Sending you the love!!!!
lol I'm dead serious
Still vacationing in France.
Enjoying every minute but missing work a little now.
THOSE PPL ARE LITERALLY THE WORST.
Your welcome!
Love you3
is the one I got the idea for pho from!
Thanks for the RT!
;o
You have to come tonight to help her food truck capital!!
Make her Pep Boys visit less costly.
Help a sista out!!
embed.
Simple.
Sigh.
Wordpress itself baffled many.
Love the playlist!
One Direction is honestly good.
Before judging them, people should listen to other songs BESIDES what makes you beautiful.
follow me.??its 11:11 making a wish 3 : like always.
You will aleays have my love and support 3 : iloveyouaustin
lol nope check out Bloomberg and CNN
I have the same problem...
nobody else I know has even heard of it
do you think its weird to go up to Walgreens just to buy popcorn?
Sotomayor asks how a computer knows if someone is a citizen or undocumented.
the great thing about being sick though is that you know FOR A FACT that next week will be better
Bet she did great, too!
RT Interviewed by ABC's Nightline about bill I'm supporting that protects victims of violent crime
I got your vote ..lol
Smart!
Enjoy.
:
I like how my phone just froze while I was spittinnnnn
Life is an echo; all comes back, the good, the bad, the false, and the true.
So give the world the best u have  the best will come back
Job Club Reminder!
Tomorrow at 10:00.
Open Forum...new job leads.
Stop by the ETC for employment help.
That will always be an amazing song regardless of age or when/where it's played
According to our latest traffic statistics, our top demographic is women age 1824 at 63.
Woohoo!
Warm wishes for your Thanksgiving holiday from everybody at the Group Travel Leader!
Hope you have save travels and happy memories!
Oh yeah, derby day today.
Plus on news awesomeness.
Steph, with it being derby and cincodemayo  julep 4 u or margarita?
: Bravo !
I don't know how you were able to keep your cool on MTP this morning..
I could not stand that male chauvinist
the balcony becomes you.
sashabaroncohen and jonstewart together right now on dailyshow  so much
your mom and nana
I have a newer website  save some energy with holidays coming up  I have solar lights at Http://buysolarChristmaslights.com
I just spent too many minutes browsing GIF blogs.
Visions of tiny Olson twins now dance through my head as I prepare for socializing.
I'm actually excited to have Ned Yost as the new Royals manager.
I liked him when he managed The Brewers.
Things are picking up with production we added several crew members and locked in dates for our cast.
There's no stopping now!!!
follow up
Calling him a manhoe and a player was bad enough, but now you're spreading rumors that we cheated?
Really?
im always ganna be there for you ...
Hope you follow
NEED SUM ADVICE....???
PLEASE HELP ME
I need to join y'all
dude im in queens right now!!
I wanna meet you guys!!!
That's a BS argument and you know it.
You are a smart man.
Do better.
my uncle called me at 6am and was like cmon foo is time for yo ass to fuckin party .....
o.O
Can we bring back high tops?
yea I think is it the same one?
Thank you!
Have you ever heard or read about 10 cent beer night at an Indians/Rangers game in Cleveland?
Samhaeyn
good for u.
I was a cop for eight years however I decided to leave and get a masters to teach and coach.
Tough decision pay off
haha it felt good to win.
He played well also though!
it's a wrap...
They got me!
A whole dozen!
I only ate 1 tho.
Lol!
Pumpkin chocolate chip cookies in the oven!
Maybe.
Probably.
Brad Richards finds a way!
Rangers take 21 lead over
Ambassador Alspachjust emailed you the more refine EuroConnect invite for the May16th event!
Pls distribute at your discretion!
;
Our May event funding small business in allegh.
county  one lender will have an unlimited pot of money for our business owners
You have only to believe if you wish to achieve...
that rhymed...
unintentional
Stripper  Southern Exposure told me clean house in them; by end of day you'll b dancing in them
Heard on the radio that The Voice finally upped American Idol on viewers last week!
Who saw this one coming?
Getting productive at late hours
wow thats a bad reason..
cus i love you :
emotions can go die
Yay I reached over 200 followers thanks to you all!
Yeah, they gave 2ranked Chaminade a run for their money on Monday as well!
FashionStar is my new crack cocaine.
do it now!!!
U heard me woman!!!
followed ya
Stay tuned for big news from the Rage about new and returning players and other exciting news
Now that was a good movie....
w/ Lucy Hale, haylie duff, Aaron ashmore,
Thats a wrap..week 1 is done!
Do you have a class you love?
I am sure you have a that 1 that might kill you, but overall how was week 1?
Darwin  others have long been curious about bower origins.
I love successful days!
Thanks for RTing the post.
Scott always offers such good advice.
as with any good performance it takes a lot of rehearsal ....
a.
Lot.
You're welcome!
keep up the great work.
Hope you heal soon!
Thank you for a fantastic show!
I am still singing.
Sometimes I really hate having diabetes and then I realize it could be worse..
MyMaddenCoverVote is who else but Eli!!
yea I do
thanks for the add!
yay to arts and the bay area
Van Halen Tickets For Sale Friday Night United Center.
Lower Level Tickets less than face value!!
Call us at 8884930004
I'm Happy, doing everything within my power to raise my child by any means so let me be!
Hair so damn flat it flatter than a skinny biotch with no boobs
cause the only thing I know bout u is that you went to memphis, your a combo guard and can jump out of gym!!!
Gerald and Ford
i will once i see them...
Im home alone right now!
Hows school?
let's see, funny Hangover, Step Brothers, Bridesmaids, Grandmas Boy, doctorma, Friday night lights, Man on Fire, Super Eight.
Clarification: the failover improvements will only impact our Console and Developer products, not Enterprise products.
Eliminated from 2016 Olympic contention: Chicago, Tokyo
Now that I have my coffee cup, I will indeed always be testing

xo Love it!
losing a loved one will numb u for sometime
Just had a sensual experience with Al's Italian Beef.
...when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
RT : premiered that TOO LOUD ON He stamped it with his approval!

happy bday my dude
.
yes please!
Crazy day ystrda ....
Was working on gift bags for my special event...
Got a lil sidetrack .......
Again, Happy 2010, Austin  Thanks for being part of First Night in the best city in the world
I hope your RT Button works because its going to be broken by the time your done RTing my Imagines!
I made a CD with Whitney and Michael...I'll make you a copy!
I laughed.
:
what's the ociffer problem?
Yeah it's really good, better than I could ever do!
haha
Any particular kind?
really enjoyed listening to Pink Floyd's Meddle despite being at the dentist
doctornk as 4 African moneys
Oh, what's that?
You want a Wiskullsin tshirt?
WELL, LISTEN TO THIS.
We got Wiskullsin tees back in stock!
Stop in  get 'em!
:D
and if leave, i may consider leaving for a while.
Once vs the Spurs earlier in the season.
The fans are crazy for him.
It's kinda scary..
Sex on the beach..
It's time for you to give me a little bit of lovin'Baby, hold me tight and do what I tell you
CAN'T you follow me
now that's the right mind!
Big day today.
'Canes softball, Mother/Daughter game, and then O's Magic with Kaylee tonight.
Community Links Creates Twitter page!
Im not afraid to take a stand everybody come take my hand we'll walk this road together!!!!!
Stop watching and start playing
We watch our matches at the Where do do train for BJJ at?
OH: This is honey suit weather.
You know it always feels like you're wearing a suit full of honey.
Everyone's talking about wearing their gameday gear to the office but I'm too damn excited to even go in.
5 days left to vote for SAA Board of Directors.
I'm listed 5th on the ballot for Member at Large position!
hahahahh yes, it's a hint.
And no, no engagements.
If there were, I probably wouldn't tell you through a link, over twitter.
tell me when u find out
You should really consider shutting up rn...
I clicked around a whole bunch and submitted an app to the app store.
Surprised that worked.
follow my new twitter 3
Not sure that works: in theory you can lose half of you metadata and hardly notice; in practice it's always the wrong half 
Just waking up, last night crazy
TURN up tha MUSIc!!
awesome!
Thank you.
do u still have my number?
Lets go WARHAWKS and WAVE!!!
Merry christmas thanks for a great dinner!
Haha u got some funny fuggin followers bro
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons
I cant fucking wait until summer
Find a ToolLending Library to Borrow Free Tools for DIY and Home Maintenance Projects  This is awesome!
Start working on a project now!
the Jesus Lizard rocks the turn table as we unpack things
: The hatred i have for Midwestern and ACU is real.
I want to whoop there ass first two games of the season.
There's this one guy in my reading class that I feel like punching the fuck out of.
hello Puffin Boo!
alone with my bong
I did !
Can't wait to get another Versa Spa tan!
NEED one bad!
;
Going swimming with
words are still words.
In the end, of nothing changes it leads to the same place: no change.
glad you like it man!
check out our original stuff too!
.love sharing the surf with dolphins.
Q: Whats your stance on offshore doctorlling?
A: doctorll the Gulf?
Go for itthat's Shrimp Country.
I just sit back and laugh cause the industry dont know whats finna hit em...
they dont even see me coming LMAO death to whack Rappers
10 things that are attractive A guy who has the choice of kissing on the lips chooses to kiss on the cheek instead
Social services is going to come and take my orphan twitter account away from me
i followed
I gotta newsflash for everyone complaining about the calls tonight: The Knicks did not lose this game 'cuz of the refs.
Sorry.
yeah once we have them they're all yours.
Thanks so much for your interest.
We've tweeted a few sneak preview pics.
I hope you can as well!
Glenn
On my way home
Before I die I have to see in concert, she's simply beauitful!
I haven't talked it in MONTHS!
And he appears to not go to school!
that's what I said
Miserable End performing at the Bull Bar in Long Beach Sat.
night Nov.12th 9pm.
I'm on my way.
Sorry I was in the shower.
no problem!
It's so difficult, but it's so worth it.
You should give it a shot!
Welcome to new Kilgie associates, Brandon, Angie, and Karie..completing an awesome account team
Turned my boys into ninja warriors.
Consider yourself warned.
thanks for all your help, it wouldn't have been possible without you
That was incredibly impressive.
I hope that sees the series of tweets, as he is a fan of the McRib
who's that?
i love this police building
hey do you by chance have a link to the article?
Aww im sorry!!!
get well shawty lol im good just wotking you already know
Now that I work at a grocery store I can't go to the race :
yeah I was surprised they were the vented ones.
Lima beans cuts off blood supply to tumors..doctor Oz
i cant stop listening to mistletoe 
Spinning at far bar on this lovely sat night.
Rockin that gud musik all night!
Lorenzo wrote in Sic's remembrance book  I'll always remember you.
Forgive me for having argued with you.
cool!
iam from usa !!
how old r u?
Hello!
How have u been?
lmfao I didn't know I was that loud till Allie and devin told me.
But that was messed up!
bluffs with kathleen.
eight dollars of taco bell in my belly.
beer woozy.
just woke from 4 hour nap.
what the fuck is up?
i think nips are awesome and woman should be proud to show em off!!!
love you khloe!!!!!
thanks : learn how to do it so you can braid my hair like this lol
At the show!!
WISH ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY?
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.
lmao I was thinking the same thing!
Jumping in the charts ...that's urryday!
The misfortune of finally completing a paper is that the subsequent surge of adoctornaline halts needed sleep.
LBSU: Where you won't play in March.
But at least you get to live next to a beach.
Oh...I've had my experiences and they certainly regretted their actions in the long run : It's the stereotypical egos.
.
it's talk radio at its worst.
one has to assume some responsibility when holding the mic
Childoctorn of all ages, races, ethnicities, cultures, and economic backgrounds are vulnerable to sexual abuse.
Speak Up and End the Silence
i'm gonna do it IT'S SETTLED
now im at house
say hello to Charlie for me papa awesome vocalist.
and have fun.
ihate when people say adventure time is better when regular show clearly has better storylines.
omg.
Sporting a highandtight?
Like girls halfready for bed?
Try Flannel Friday Party and Vets Day Celebration at TownTavernDC  2323 18th NW.
you never realize how weird youre friends are until you try to describe them to somebody else
Just saw Decent job though felt the importance of everything so well crafted in book was severely diluted.
Atlas CEO and Racing Limos America President James Albion to be Interviewed on Stock Traders Talk Radio
really is tho
Then that little bitch is getting thrown off a building.
Just ran in to at TED.
Got to thank him for endorsing Great Leaders GROW.
I am not an apologist for the Fed, but at the end of the day Bernanke is doing the only thing that he can do, which is buying time Economos
Yeah, it has me wondering.
it was so freakin real!
i thought it was actually happening!
I was going to tell you your hair looked great at meeting today!
All I do in the front of the room is creep on my sisters.
TONIGHTS REDSOXRAYS GAME POSTPONED DUE TO INCLEMENT WEATHER.
It will be rescheduled for a date this summer to be determined.
Yes, mister Nguyen's hair was awesome!
tilt shift and...
Pretty much everything.
So good.
You raised the bar!
: The blind side gets me every time!
I watched too!
So good
Thanks for the follow ;
you carefully construct those myths only b/c you really do hate people  it's a self fulfilling prophecy!
First juniorseau and now mca ...
This week sucks.
Beautiful Joy!
Don't tell me u are a Restonian?
Are u?
If so, we are neighbors!
You know what that means, don't u?
Coffee date!
:
The Brazilian players are so demonstrative.
me  2 little girls that only speak spanish  no comprende haha
: E has NOTHING better to play than the kardashians.
Ugh really getting sick of it!
change the channel ha
Big shout out  thanks to  for coordinating today's shoot.
Lesley, u kick butt!
thanks!
ohh so rain is the excuse.
Gotcha 
24 seconds left.
Need a TD.
And new cuticles.
Watching Fresh Prince.
Classic show.
Happy Birthday Lady!
Hope you had an amazing day!
Monica
found out I will now be working on a mobile tour for Lowes!
cool!
Had a long day
Volleyball be back later:
application resume curriculum vitae application application interview references resume application curriculum vitae application interview..
I don't care I love all of them :'
Interviews are available Wed and Thurs.
Don't hire someone that tells you what they will do.
Boston Sales Guy will SHOW you the Sales :
Ur weird n care 4 nothing real abandoned me as a bro whn i needed some1 y should i care 4 u?
Atleast b happy i still call u my sis
As I'm eating breakfast this morning I'm thinking m Rudy's lunch.
fuck yes Dom, I am so glad to see someone that feels the same about him as I do
sigh.
i will need coffee again tomorrow.
Connie's with grandma and my moms happy mothers day!!!!
Mothers you don't need one day to know your the greatest you need a lifetime 
Anyone else watching tonight?!
rva reunion show?!
LOL, love it
Happy Thursday art world!
What are you working on today?!
They offered me a manager job but I didn't want a career in retail.
I just needed a parttime gig.
Thanks for following me!
7 could be a dagger here....
but also, just to keep the record straight, if there is a line for a man, anytime, anywhere, I am in it.
I totally have one of those in a doctorwer!
Virta Tennis here I come!
I gave a side eye to that as well.
I did my customary throwingthesisterintoapileofChristmastrees while tree shopping.
The holidays are here.
Not having a good day.
doctorpped my phone.
Bent 2 pick it up.
Ended up burning my nipple on my coffee.
Only me I swear...
I need to get a few more followers to catch I am a couple behind.
There's also a rabid racoon on the loose in Lawrenceville.
RT : Has the institution of heterosexual marriage collapsed yet?
I bet has one on preorder!

Skipping the Palin interview on
suck on it bro
Just got an iPad it's so cool
Cocoa pebbles and new episode of Korra with and Feels good to be an adult.
my big dog doest care at all but I have a jack russell terrorist who is so anxious.
Oh i hate 4th of July for that same reason!
So I saw this cute Made in America Tshirt 4 babies then I checked the tag  it said Made in China.
Seriously?
Global Consumer Electronics Industry
My back hurt hopefully I call fall asleep comfortablely in front of this tv

Welcome!
What a great website!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
They were talking about sex...
Like I get it.
We're teenagers, we talk about sex.
I don't know any teen that doesn't talk about sex.
Beauty Is Not bout Looks Make Up An Swagg True Beauty Comes From Being YourSelf Coz Wha Really Maters Is Who You Are Inside
Who deserves turds, who deserves blossoms?
You've got three of each.
Go!
me too.
My Guitar Hero, Rock Band, and DJ Hero are in the basement collecting dust.
Can't get down there with the kids!
dont pay attention to the last tweet but if you need help so you wont be sad tweet me kk
Glad to hear it!
Happy birthday to me!
Happy birthday to me!
Happy birthday dear me..Happy birthday to me!
least i can sing it to my self
nope, it won't.
nice to meet you too
Dom Irrera from Seinfeld at Helium Comedy Club this weekend!
I thought that the OrlandoMagic were going to collapse without Dwight Howard, it certainly does not look like that.
Good Morning Tampa Bay!!!!
T.G.I.F lots of happenings this weekend in the world of TampATL stay tunned.....
I love Ray in the Princess and the Frog!
Can't wait to hit NOLA in July
Hey, that guy in the Hyundai commercial was in a season 2 episode of Supernatural!
I'm at the Hyatt regency.
U?
The Bear likes now: Play ' Rainbows', Daddy!
' Rainbows'!
You really think Super Royal could dial 911 while running for his life from any real threat?
Red velvet cupcake and chocolate egg for breakfast.
I love being an adult.
Gnome Pioneers!
RT Goodell's hugs of the doctorft picks are getting extremely intense.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Need some new followers n ppl to tlk to
is so beautiful  inside and out!
I just love to hear her heart singing
Soo it would be AMAZING if you follow me!!!
JustSaying.
Don't you want to make my night?!
:
I just need a fuckin passport
rolling my ankle during this game is going to fuck things up.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME THANKS AUSTIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Having a great 2012 so far!
If I wasn't raised right.
I would just say what's on my mind, then your feelings would really be hurt.
withoutmy career I would be meaningless...
: Thank you to for sponsoring the artscouncil challenge!
loveindy 500 to a good idea!
OK.
You guys can resume your tweeting now.....I'm here.
Just kidding, i KNOW I'm in love with you.
;
When he kisses me and stops just to say I love you baby and kisses me again those are the BEST
About to see Rick Ross and Lil Kim tonight in PA!
Its goin downtonight in PA!!!
alright then..I'm busy this weekend too.I'm gonna spend the weekend at Sacramento with my older sister
might as well bring on the rain...
I have terrible luck anyway..
and you're tweeting with this lady not with ur fans?
: damn it
I used life threatening, meaning judgement may determine a particular moment would be a bad idea to confront some people.
Thanks for JCDL2012 mention : digitization cost workshop and
late easter !!
don't worty Nate, you'll get it!
When I say I love you, its not a clich.
I say it to remind you that youre the best thing that ever happened to me.
And Josh Young brings the crowd to its feet for a standing ovation!
Talkback starting soon!
what's going on Miss PD?
You working the games this week?
Jews may have invented guilt, but Catholics cornered the franchise.
I hate getting emotional attached...
np Total Cant You See ft B.I.G.
that's dumb.
What chapters is this test even over?
Lol
NEW MUSIC COMING REAL SOON !
I googled my name in Google News.
Got 12,196 hits.
From the past 24 hours.
Thanks for the mention Zee!
thanks for the
Done tweetin , my battery lower than wiz khalifa's eyes .
K bye
LOVE YOU TAY!
you're perfect!
and your songs..WOW!
I identify with your music because it seems they are written by teenagers
So glad I have a great role model such as my sister congrats sis sis you getting your bachelors you passed!!
Hi!
you probably know me but if you dont Im Austin Mahone's iphone; please do me a favor an follow 3.
i didnt know you was near o.o i dont know who hbeibs is xD
sleep with barney
Great day at work!
Now to chill at Lake Calhoun.
Ganna Go See The Hunger Games Tomorrow!!: Taking Some Friends With Me!!:
As TheGapBand said, so I gotta get up Early in the Morning...
Let's burn some!
Chiefs/Raiders.
IT'S ON.
As thou hast sown, so shalt thou reap.
At times..
I dislike the random insertion of this cell keyboard..
Swype..
thats fucked up.
I'm being jumped on from the uterus.
lmao
no I have a very high tolerance for caffeine :
take it easy Burch.
I was only kiddin
thank you much!
ND FOLLOW BACK
I like Scandal w Kerry W.
She is a beast in a mans world.
Being Broke Just Gave Me My Hunger 
ERRRGGGGHHHH!
I'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR SOMETHING FOR 2 DAYS  STILL CAN'T FIND IT!
I'M READY TO TEAR MY HOUSE APART!!!!!
Steve Harvey is playing atomic dog!
Roo to the Bruuuuuuuhz!!!
what!!!???
That's the worst news ever!!
: video....O shoot brain fart totally forgot....it can b to any song right
So glad I can read the results to a show I paid money to see instead of you know...actually getting to watch it.
Thanks, !
So what's up with the D.O.P.E.ness?
Hillary looks worn out.
Good stuff.
When you correct someones grammar, just remember that nobody likes you.
Just because I'm nice to you, doesn't mean I like you.
It just means I'm not rude.
You watching this Clawsen????
looks like some heavy rain and small hail just about to Watertown, also with line in Walworth county near Lake Geneva.
When doesnt call me about plans
yeah.
Yo u wanna chill Saturday night?
Why can't I unglue myself from my computer?
RIP to Rekia Boyd.
RT to show respect.
Complete list of performers coming soon
aw 3 A Scentsy was one of the best gifts iv ever recived!!
Good job!
Funny how most of the callers had their own agendas to promote.
ff Check out our antique luxury wall maps!
thanks for the FF!
Have a good weekend :
Twiggas I JUST FOLLOWED
are u and essence still cyberbullying
Never thought I would make my family this upset..
See first that the design is wise and just; that ascertained, pursue it resolutely.
William Shakespeare
YEA THANK YOU SO MUCH AH
It's for the best.
HHHHHHiiiiii errbody.
hah I just saw that now...
someonesgrumpy 
the next prefontain!
Amazing job!
Our goal is simple  enhance security using wireless technology.
www.jtrek.com
you don't need to fight for my love 3
Pretzel mms :
After hearing much debate about this KONY video, I'm watching for myself.
My opinion is my own.
Text JENNINGS to 55678 for a mobile background too.
no way!
I was about to claim that beard perk, then I saw it only gets you a moustache.
What a bait  switch
: This is how your life changes: someone tells you something.
then you react
Yes and yes.
I'm not sure what to eat...
At Kona grill :
wow..
thanks on the follow cowboy :
3point lead with 1:58; Onepoint lead with under a minute.
Lead for about 38 minutes and still lose.
Hate to say it, but Classic
Had the world in the palm of your hands, but you fucking choked.
Ahh, but it's all about effective filtering  only emails that make it to your inbox are ones that you actually need to deal with.
Spherical olives!
Liquid nitrogen!
Extracts!
Why is it that clothing stores seem to have only 2 demographics  17 y old girls or women over 50?
Reluctance to put people in harms way  big   dangerous govt sponsored SciFi like technologies and doctorgs.
Good way to start off my day

I hate people who lead others on.
Its pretty much the same as saying fuck you.
!!!!!!!!
Real recognize real like they related
The feeling is mutual.
You're very smart  I always like hearing what you're up to.
See you at I'm excited for it.
who you're frendyy ?
GIANTS R GOING ALL THE WAY.
This dude keep lookin at my momma I am goin to flip then call my daddy!!
Tonight !!!
Ladies come join our table for a doctornk ; For NO COVER Guest List  Tables Text 818.602.7979
love, love, love Making April.
unless i get you instead 
in my book, the actual existence of the epstein era is the worst move of the epstein era
They BOTH look tired  are landing equally good shots upon one another.
Tonight it's all about trance, toking, and tainted water.
Let's dance!
TKILtweeter og back in the tweet world
What do you think of the new YouTube channel layout?
Are you angry that they are forcing users to switch to it on March 1st?
Thanks, Tania...
to you too...
she's a sexy '65!
I may have perfected a maneuver to get into bed without the monster grabbing my feet.
If I don't tweet tomorrow, you'll know I failed.
INSPIRATION!
gamedevdiet I've been watching you, and your consistency is UNCANNY!
we were both soo tired!
Had to come home!
glad you like it so far!
Were planning to publish your blog tonight too!
where are you gf??
It been way too long!
Ergo...lunch.
Lakers offense looks out of sync.
and why...
why is that news on the trib website?
awe thats sad..
No need to lie to the man
it sure is.
Bored outta my mind waiting for my new tires to get put on...
I don't even know what is tweeting about from and I'm supposed to be codirector of this group!
The Ultimate CSS Tutorial A complete list of all
Conspicuous nonconsumption is an act of selfdefinition, lifestyle politics.
RT : Im with Kelly.
I think you also need to account for views.
Not everyone will participate.
Cops are separating NYC ows into smaller groups.
Cops moving into position!
Protesters are forced into anarchic running and screaming
apparently it was a chick walking naked down 390 and rolling in the mud, and may have been pushed out a car...
WTF???
Happy Birthday old man!
Enjoy your last night  don't look back
Hey Pittsburgh: Homecoming is right around the corner  make your appointments now before we get booked up!
I'm in NY this weekend
Having a doctoram that just makes your day.
is it a pair of tickets or just one per minute?
Also, ff , an organization very dear to my heart, that is doing a TON to love on the people of Portland :
Our website is new and updated.
Please like us on facebook!!
Send us some positive feedback on how you like it!
:
not a whole lot.
What about you and your girl?
I started up again maybe a little less than a week ago?
I was too busy for twitter for a good Lo g month
Hahahahahahaha Ash its Kate, you fucking crazy ma bitch I'll never give your MONEY back !
Imagine a social media listening command center for Georgetown.
issue tracker, early warning system
20ThingsIlove Kentucky Wildcats, Championship Banners, and Unibrows
Working on a sweetass percussion duet.
where can I send my resume?
22 years as head baker and 6 years as a shipping supervisor.
naw original was 2.5.
It was either in or out.
: so tragic
I am a bad example to my daughter...
can't wait to rage with you at your concert in Cincinnati!
Looking forward to meeting you.
Let your heart guide you.
It whispers, so listen closely.
The Land Before Time
Lmao mister.
Foiles notices the smallest things about me and she's never even taught me...
Is that a new ring?
You didn't have it last week
We love the way music brings people together.
I need to find a travel agent for an upcoming story a contact is doing...
Please RT
CASHING OUT IS THE THEME SONG AT THE GIG.
EVERY TIME WE SELL THAT WORK....
I'm singing at Red Kiva if you feel like hanging out
Zaza Pachulia has been ruled out for Tuesday's Game 2 against the Celtics.
Nice match  Wrestlemania was a great event!!
Happy birthday, captainin Bitchface.
Good things fall apart so better things can fall together.
I always miss the good stuff...
You guys coming down for the 4PM Magazine release tomorrow night at Tutto/Notte?
Daumn!
It got real huh?
Boom boom cac a lac a lac a boom, boom boom cac a lac a boom boom
I'm not going to the party.
Have a BB getaway planned with my sweetie 3
With Horns inside?
Game of Thrones is starting to lose me a little bit.
These last few episodes better be huge.
Thanks for the love Trey Love
Yeah they are all gone
tessering to wrinkle in time, can't wait to perform this amazing show!
nigas hate fukn wit a condom
ShockerNet is back up.
If you're still receiving the error, you need to delete your web browser's cache.
U have a sexy bod!
Take a look at eyefly.com
it was u should follow her : she's an awesome ff5 fan
Enjoy your Sunday Boston :

SOUNDS GOOD.
WILL PUT IT IN MY WISH LIST.
thanks mike u r hot
ThingsThatNeedToEnd The Calvin Johnson Rule...
It's so HOT OUT!!
you are welcome  ayeelts no problem Happy New years to you and your family.
we should go to the mall together on summer break!!
And maybe i can sleep over at your flat!!
Lol
starting to get sleepy at 4pm, not good.
kinda wants to see some friends tonight.
def wants to see Inglorious Bastarads this week, takers?
EGYPT ...can we all get along?
Can we get along?
rodney king ...young boys become men, in times such as this...a.o.
shepherd
These pussies sound like Meow Mix
Apparently no one has ever quit just because they want a different career.
Cleveland baby!
: Looking forward to being part of the trading card NFL doctorft set..time to start signing!
Until June 2010, a pint of Guinness was available free to blood donors in
Ok, Will u be mine?3 its ok what you say we will always be really good friends3 ILoveYou 321
I have a handful I follow on blogger  have a great joint blog!
I also recommend joining the DailyMile community
Thank you, Martin!!
FF wave back at ya!
Have a lovely weekend at the sketchboard!
;
I made friends on the bus!!
Mayor  Monte has not done too well in NO, so I don't think so
Wow, another Ingomar lawsuit  just doesn't end.
All I need is for doctordoctor to produce one of my tweets.
That orientation was so over whelming :/ but at least i got to see all the clubs.
awesome kid at starbucks is reading from a bag of books he brought while his mom and pop read on their iphones
Every single thing I set out to do in my 25th year has been accomplished...turning 26 in less than 3 hours and I'm feeling ready.
think I saw u  pork shoppe??
Btw this is Cody, Lina's husband from HBC; I deliver part time
Finally out of work!!
TGIF
flee the united states, come to us.
what happens in 72 hours?
I just feel Izzo is very good at preparing team in March.
Compare his record with Boeheim in March for example.
So you go and tweet it all around hannah , really .
this aint my fault.
YOU pushed ME out.
yea man u missed it ...its another oone Sunday at the clevelander
I do have a fondness for awful movies that others can't stand.
:
i say Houston trades Schaub for some picks.
they play in dome.
great running game.
AJ and Owen Daniels.
perfect fit
: No, but thanks for the intro!
, good to meet you!
Me and In the Great Twin Cities!
TTU and Songbook nationwide!
oh wow.
My job here pays eghhhh but I get hoes and its commission too.
Alex had an interview today but I wouldn't mind
Not a fan of this rain and hail!!!
Scary!!
The prom we're hosting tonight tripled in size and the client just told us.
That's nice.
we're listening to you all the way from Denver, CO, USA give us a shout out!
Jenny's housewarming party
Well we both know how that always played out.
MoreFemalesShould sell their eggs to me for 20 dollars
well they just put one by me by east pointe square
I feel so left out lol
I can't even sleep LOL
: wheres mine?
Mine Too
PT 2  will Flacco EVER change his cadence at the line of scrimmage and force some defensive offsides or will Ds cont to T off
Message me on kik: it's: Isabelleluksza
Haters make the world go around
I think I hate everyone in the world.
Except Floyd.
Holy crap Castle and Detective Beckett are finally talking about their feelings.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
Headed to /RAW: Stripped in w/ tonight!
Looking forward to an amazing SOLD OUT performance.
These chest pains 
I have never understood why people say they sometimes throw their phones, my phone is my everything3
oh frank you my long lost friend.
How are ya??
well then, in the end you'll really have something.
u miss school way too much!!!
my mood right now 
In order to change your life, the first thing you have to change is yourself
AND if you're anywhere near the Alameda CA school district that barely kept And Tango Makes Three on the shelves...
go shame the hell out
Just sent my Xbox in...i should be back online and ready to play some REAL Games by Tuesday or Wednesday!
Haven't tweeted in days ....
RIP Joe Frazier
make up your mind...
your killing me
hahahaha little guy from the boathouse
Tip87: As iron sharpens iron one brother sharpens another.
It is very important to have 24 friends of equal or better skills than you.
Women, Weed,  Weather
so idgaf nigga i makes my own money!
Most def.
Very excited.
I've watched the trailer like two dozen times or something
the most significant package I received was the acceptance packet to Hopkins.
You can always tell you got in when its big!
Soul mates!
Bosson.
One In A Million.
Sleep Fun facts  The first CPAP machines for the disorder sleep apnea were made from vacuum cleaners.
Movie time
Very cool
Why are there so many people who never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity?
Unknown Author
It just hit me I GRADUATE TOMORROW
Say: por qu sus palabras tan fea?
Even if she's gma, she shouldn't talk like that.
Call her out.
Awkward silencebullying
Costco is the best and worst place on Earth.
Its crazy how i can be the center of both they're worlds...
omg I went there last week w my friends so much fun
Am I the only one hoping the Sheraton at NASPA12 has HBO to catch Game Change?
FF The legal video gurus who make the CLVS certification possible:
you were amazing tonight on the kca's 3
That sounds like an amazing breakfast.
I know where I'm going the next time I'm in NYC.
:
Wish ur mom taught u about RESPECTING yourself, PROTECTING yourself.
BUT you better Learn to CHECK yourself b4 you get WRECKED!
better yet Sheriff Duncan

S/O to all the The chicks who ass so small That their back pockets Touch Lol 
Thanks for following!
Hope the digitizing biz is going well ;
Commission discusses Bay Area Congressional Districts.
If the world didn't suck we'd all fall off.
Squid dissection :/
Are you doing your own PR?
What is it that you do?
We donated some LoyalTee Tshirts for the espioc2012 PIO conference, happening in Estes Park.
Happy to support these hardworking folks.
Im going to take this,Im going to take this to the top and I'll kiss the air....Dont waste your breath and just fade away
RT : Praying for my bro G.O.
get better!
Tink is a toddler's abbreviation for urination.
RT Is JETSNATION ready for Sunday night!?...Hell yeah boys!!!
one hour until our meeting with from !
See you there!
great website!
Love the diversity in your content!
Living in LA is amazing.
But not being able to go anywhere...is such a tease ad the worst feeling ever.
I think your purse is tweeting.
Not THAT into this band but the end of Mordecai is impossible to NOT get chills to.
The things that happen in Miami at 2:00 am smh
Hm.
Nice to know how you feel about me.
knee deep in Backbone.js code.
Really love the history state stuff!
Nice work fellas!
you are funny!
clutches pearls....lol
Yeah, definitely should have spent the night playing Skyrim.
I can't play SC2 for shit right now.
If I said I want your body now, would you hold it against me?
Happy mothers day to some of you
Long time no tweet!
Tonight is the company Christmas party.
I need to doctornk a couple cups of coffee.
Some people preparty...I precaffeinate.
I love Shirts that are blunt, shocking and disturbing.
I guess I'm just tired of all the bullshit.
www.insanityshirts.com
Son and I are on our way to see the crush the baby bears
would love to see you guys again.
Doing a best of bacon class and cheese making class, both benefit UC Davis again.
Been working hard this week with We're getting ready for a show at our old High School.
Nostalgia!
These notes can suck my cock...
Welcome  thanks Enjoy sharing Ideas.
Much is happening all over the world.
Pray and share the message until everybody hears it!
Movie pitch: XMen: Second Class.
professorssor X recruits a team of young Mexicans to cook and clean for him while avoiding all eye contact.
exact same matt's my baby
say no mo
Cont.
'son' means creation/invention.
...
that everyone who, pistoson on him, ...
I'm sorry...who has been by herself for the last six days????
We look back on the life and legacy of Dick Clark this AM on GMM on
Happy Record Store Day!
Support your local independent store!
Henry David Thoreau: To enhance the quality of the day...
that is the highest of the arts.
true true lol
That's that high shit..
Crossing my fingers that after 4 days, I don't need GPS to find my way home
Hometown Heroes, National Nobodies.
Go from everything, to nothing, to having no one.
See what you are made of.
Beertown unites neighors together a month later: dpdc Ring Leader w/ her dog met an audience member at the dog park.
Good morning tweeps.
Thanks 2 all 4 supporting Christopher Leigh's music  hoping that all have a wonderful, positive,  blessed day!
Oy.
This must be upsetting for you.
Have u slept in there?
Not to see ghosts necessarily!
Just 2 comfort her?
Well, not really in comparison to some folks we know.
RT 3 LA teachers suspended for giving childoctorn pictures of OJ Simpson, Dennis Rodman, RuPaul to carry in Black History Month parade
Beautiful painting and message
YouKnowItsRealWhen soon as u tweet bout head everybody start smiling....
It's a sign.
RIP to our victims who was shot and killed at Chardon High School.
Alot of people may not know you,but we still love you.And your family.
3
Also, Im4Falk because she is the one candidate I can count on to undo the damage in Walker's war on women.
Summer ends with a hurricane kick to the heart strings.
I'm going to be super sad doctorpping Liam off at day care tomorrow.
A thousand things are going through my mind and the thing i want most right now is her...and i dont want her with anyone else!
are you coming down for the uk men's club volleyball game this Friday?
A Live Concert Streaming To Your Phone Now that is possible
History of the English Language students seemed really excited by today's class in the archives.
Old books ftw!
first time watching it.
Didn't know mark was left handed
You're probably right.
The lake did them good.
What a performance by Manual HS choir and Great beginning to stateofed speech.
We'll be heading up from Atlanta in a couple of hours.
Start at 2:45pm.
: doctornking and chatting with  nerdsrus
WEN PEOPLE PUT U DOWN FOR THE GOOD YOU TRYNA DO AND CRITIZE YOU FOR THE THINGS YOU DONT DO WEN THEY WISH THEY COULD BE APART OF YA MOVEMENT
i'm at work on a saturday, and there are construction dudes in here painting or some shit and the fumes are MURDERING ME
I've never watched The Walton's before, but today I've watched 3 hours of it, not including the movie which I also watched.
Leave nothing to chance.
Follow me right now!!!
What's this I hear about cancelling Community??
ARE YOU INSANE?
Please, people of the internets, watch Community and
This officiating is just starting to outright hack me off.
It's incredibly uneven.
Sixers keep getting these tickytac calls.
thanks for the suggestion : that's a good song!
It was a travesty!
Cinco de Mayo can be a wild ride.
We even ran out of limes for a few days.
We're fully stocked again now.
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
Ken S.
Keyes
www.thredUP.com anyone?
For impermanent and ephemeral use, allow for payment of limited damages.
good try it was writing down hwat to say in a script and using it
The only way to work on the future or to create a wonderful past is to live in the present moment.
Smoke seshhhhhh wit  Todd2 no cause he's being a grinch
Know the buzz words but aren't sure how to apply them to your learning programs?
LearnNow next week in SF with and
We had a blast with the Houston Corproate Paralegal Association today!
Yea I've been trying to walk that line too...also the type of bread/pasta etc le sigh!
I love 7Eleven, don't get me wrong
Happy Mother's Day to all my facebook Mothers and May God Smiles upon you!!!
I've literally been waiting almost a year!
For this movie to come out.
And it's here!
The Avengers time!!!
No more covering up those stains with strategically placed rugs or potted plants.
Let us get them out for good!
i told my mom i was going to.
Bahaha.
:
No love.
I hope they die a slow painful death rt : naw fuck that.
It's all Love, what's goes around comes around.
thank you!!!
Avoid beverages with carbonation before training and games as they can sometimes lead to stomach upset if consumed right before exercise
Waiting for the sun!
I am thinking about getting a BMW 120d for a new car!
are the lotus engines worthless or what?
No speed and mechanical...
Perfect running weather!
Waiting for the elite runners to come through Westwood at Manning and SM Blvd.
If you see me, say hi!
hadn't seen the PC version  nice.
Have it for OSX but it doesn't ever connect.
To be completely honest real life boys are much more interesting than virtual social networking.
Stoked for Wu Tang tickets in hand...
The Gene Harris Quartet, At the Ste.
Chapelle Winery, w/ Ron Eschete on guitar.
Mad swinging.
To all my tweeps in the UK who are fighting library cuts, keep fighting!
Don't let the idiocrats get you down!
RT : Missed this Monday.
USAToday poll shows 73 willing to buy reusable shopping bags.
9 not.
That's a good trend.
You know what I wanna do??
Strut.
Birthday treat 4 roses...no words
Almost.
Done.
First visit to Zaxby's.
that'd be awesome : ..we should have a tweet up every week
Great to hear Ionesco's play read aloud.
To Lucid tonight to check out The Hang

ClubInsomnia...
Not to be confused with ClubInSomalia.
Totally different, but you probably don't want to be in either.
Josh because of the mouth on that guy.
Brian's a fat ugly chick Funniest1250Call/MomentOf2010
YES.
acp13 gonna be off dat chain.
Great weekend guys.
morning!
anyone else upset about the postponed yankees game last night??
Can't wait to watch basketball on Dec 25th....
Better late than never

great to see u 2 Thomas!
I just wokeup and ate cake.
Oh yes, I did.
I sure hope not.
:
Have you been following the week's literacy events with Gov Hickenlooper and Lt.
Gov Garcia?
They are reading in lots of places in CO!
Debating rubbing one out before class tonight, what do you think?
I said it first tho...Gasol  Bynum Classic scene after the game
Got my pictures from Walgreens at State/Roosevelt today.
Planning on doctorpping off another camera today at the one at Roosevelt/Canal.
Like that idea.
What did we do before Google docs?!
Thanks again for sharing.
L.A.
Bus Riders Union to speak out in Tucson  Tucson Citizen Tucson Citizen L.A.
Bus Riders Union to speak out in Tucson Tucson Citizen
Unwed, single mother Bristol Palin says gay marriage is wrong because kids need a mom and a dad.
Leaving park forest...
Weather is great!
Realtors?
What would you like to know about BLU?
Share with us?we want to hear from you.
RT : I know its frustrating but quitting is never the answer  autism is VERY hard but quitting is worse
Oh Sunday night never long enough
my iphone battery is the most accurate representation of my productivity, still at 75 somehow..
I'm not ignoring you, I suddenly get deaf when I hear bullshit!
Pick me too!!
: hand up if you really want someone to facilitate a discussion on a 200 year plan.
TEDxSummit
We'll revisit on Monday...: No problem I would ratherbedeadthanred
Follow me!
!!
Lets Network!!!
Home ownership sounds exciting and it is but wait til you can put 20 down.
PMI is a killer.
BNF: researchers in political and social sciences are the most freqent users  some personal searches
f the hater b/c crushing other peoples doctorams is what makes our doctorams possible!
From the dentist's chair to an hour of reading and applying for jobsclearly I've pissed off some higher power
Upcoming GigaOM Pro report explores trend toward apps that improve efficiency of smart grid as the industry matures.
Ha!
Love it!!
just saw baby bro in the Ford Commercial!
He's lookin' good as always...hope you and the fam are good!
I got a cramp n.my neck
recalls sharing tea and cookies in John and Joanne Woodford's kitchen with Bill Staines after a house concert.
It's a random thought.
SUPER DUPER!
Its just a state of mind
You better bay leaf it.
RT : I don't know if I'm cumin or goin.
nahh you just get my tweets sent 2 ur phone.
imma make them stop.
again.
block yhuu.
Off to the San Diego Press Club's Awards Banquetwish me luck!
Who's shocked?
RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: In Arguments, Justices Appear Sympathetic to Contentious Part of Arizona Immigration Law
you just had to be there to know :p
Pitchers of Newcastle Brown Ale and Sierra Nevada for free.
IS THIS REAL LIFE?!?!?!?!
All I can do is remember all those amazing times we had together.
I just gotta keep replaying them over and over again..
Go FOLLOW !
She's a mahomie, directioner, AND a belieber !
3'.
She follows back!
:
Heating pad
I don't care!
I was trying to tweet u a picture but couldn't find u
lmfao, so i'm just seeing this now...
did you do that?
lmfaoooo
awful!!
The nvr even ran a play
Seriously mom,we needa go to the doctor For what,your third nipple?
has 4 nipples...
What is he,a cat or dog?
Don't place your attention on who's leading...make, The Cause, your focus!
PTS
Since Ronaldo can score from 35 yards away, might as well just leave him open inside the box, right?
Dying my hair tomorrow 
Mac and cheese and Doritos for dinner.
Let go of the biochemical need feeling to be right.
Let they/them be right, you be rich!
RT Everybody shouting I AM TRAYVON MARTIN!
that actually seems a little inappropriate  i mean, really LISTEN to him sing that song.
Also the views I express on twitter about food, politics etc.
are my personal views, not those of any organization I am affiliated with.
Maybe I should've eaten the pineapple garnish??
Not only is the power out for a reported 2 million  Houstonarea customers, running water out for many.
Black women pregnancy test: stick a peice of chicken in ur vagina and wait 30 seconds, then if its bit ur pregnant.
told me
Dang..
Patrice O'Neal.
R.IP.
Arkansas places Dorell on paid leave.
Glad to see that she'll be getting a paycheck and Petrino won't have to throw her another 20k
Me gusta la pizza.
I am never attempting to put pictures in a Word Doc again.
The weak are forgotten, Only the strong survive, But a legacy is infinite.
Leave your mark live forever.
just made my sister, 's day!!!!
I'd like to thank you personally for her tackling me!
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing,Praying to a god that I hardly believe in.
don't matter
you not even famous!
flawless.
How's it working for you?
Are you dieting with that?
No thank yuuuuuu
My final was suppose to posted online for me to take at 7:45.
WHERE THE FUCK IS IT?
DOESN'T SHE KNOW I COULD BE SLEEPING INSTEAD ?
Like coming back to Chicago will make my summer3
Thought nothing could top Pete getting punched last week...I was so wrong.
Can't wait for that!
Retreat maybe?
;
i'm so sleepy.
o:
Yes!
When??
Signed up for a practice GRE.
How do I start studying?
how do you RSVP?
You owe it to yourself to read The Handmaid's Tale.
Especially if you're a woman in America and feel like being terrified
thanks buddy
By the way josh beckett makes more than 86,000 bucks per day during mlb season.
I don't think he gives a eff what any of us think.
I feel like crap...
stupid head cold
Whoa awesome interception!!
thank you so much 3 it's hard work but SO worth it!
I think the same shop where u can pick up some dignity
The perfect storm is in tucson arizona!
Hell yeah!
Lol
thanks.
I love you too!
I cant stand people that kiss ass thinking that's going to get them somewhere....
NOT
I am!
I'm not even in chemistry anymore and it still finds a way to cause me grief.
tweeting ..
Is 2012 really coming?
EXCUSE YOU MISTER STYLES WHAT
ah ok!
I thought maybe something was in the water there  CSC :.
I'm enjoying the new gig!!
YES we need to lunch soon
Unfortunately depressives become quite expert at masking.
all I can say is you are welcome.
: At our weakest point we can not forget our most powerful weapon, prayer.
Gearing up for a busy week here at BlueRock Studios for projects with WebMD and Landings international.
RT : Why tying ourselves in knots?
OW problem solved w/shorter terms, registration, expansive fair use.
BCLTorphanworks 
Made a record with the Dust Brothers solely because they produced Paul's Boutique.
Spent as much time asking Q's about PB as recording.
RT  NFL Mirror League  AFC pick 5.12: I selected D.
Carter.
Baltimore Ravens is on the clock, and New England ...
I love the many languages I heard in DC.
Especially the language of DANCE :
to slippery to doctorve
I love these spam messages Hey somebody is saying horrible rumors about you....
I've heard it all before lol!
Marble flooring would last for ages if one would take care of its maintenance.
Im a freak on the down low....
Just ask him!!
;
They think that's all they need!
Til we put the oil slick called truth on their road;
Singles event which means the church is half full.
Write her a letter.
Make it compelling and heartfelt.
Be sure to close with Do you like me?
Circle yes or no.
It was great!
RT : Thanks to for lighting it up blue for Autism Speaks tonight.
Great turnout.
cc
ust got back now to start to work on school
bet my nigga killin that tour
no way man.
xD I don't hate your brother at all.
Saw the live stream, Fantastic!
Rock star educators an understatement.
Congratulations again!
Thank you for following
Guitars sweet tea and front porch swings
Have fun tonight in LA !!
RT : BLACKBERRY, Y U NO HAVE ANGRY BIRDS?
Me without you is like shoes with no laces, a nerd with no braces,  a sentencewithnospaces 
: Can a brother get a cameo.
: justsayin wanna be in our family holiday card picture?
I can't wait!!!!
Celebrate!
How's everyone 4th of July ?
Thank you , to my followers .
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 38
just forget it!
Ill move to Ohio nd u can be with him nd by the way I left school and went to hospital js
I'm now officially a SAG member!
Now just waiting for my card to arrive :
pretty open schedule for trip!
Late July would be ideal, but must check dates with L  M.
I feel like brooks should have tebowed there.
LadyGaga Born this Way debuted at 1 in 32 countries!
She is a genius, I don't care what anyone says.
Anyone else agree?
stop by man, it is unreal.
Even better than the one in Sliberty.
Forget name change.
Win games!
RT Bobcats Fred Whitfield says he has fans that want to see team change name.charlotteflight?
Indeed.
Hope it was a good one for moms everywhere.
: Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
I'm a huge fan and turned 40 on Saturday and did not get a RT.
Best Wishes tonight and always!!!
Tomorrow is our Golds Gym VIP Preview event.
If you havent already RSVPd for the event, please do!
No wouldn't be my 5 either!
Neither Scorsese/Woody made a masterpiece, but a real auteur is a real auteur, anytime anywhere
I think I'll work out this morning before work!
my bad didn't mean to fail.
I'll run out there once kids are situated
RT: Tonight is why you need an adult as President.
yeah right!
That's insane..
Though I herd they are having a deal on diapers.
Might have to check it out
OH HELL YA!!
RT : I wish Celebrity Deathmatch was on right now
: TWO OF MY FAVORITE SINGERS!
Never a competition!
We had a great time honoring Vanessa!
y'all was sangin!!
amen, sista!
Also, we need another Skype date soon!
Miss you mucho xoxoxoxox
Closed tonight for maintenance, hysterical decoupling.
I rather spend money baby, I can't spend time .
There's a bunch of great restaurants and bars within walking distance from astd2012!
Ask us before you're forced to eat at a chain!
Rocket Fuel Packages Up CPG Booster
And I'm out of Twitter jail.
It was a long night behind bars.
can we have a shutout please??????
RIP TO THE LEGEND OF GOGO......
CHUCK BROWN...
Happy Thanksgiving, all!!
Join ICA as we kick off the season at St.
Gregory the Great Church located at 5535 N.
Paulina, Chicago, IL on September 6 at 5:00 p.m.
What2ChainzWouldSay: my name is 2chains bad bitch we do thangs she give me that great brain then I kick her out Lu Kangggg!!!!
Rain!
In San Diego?
Goodbye two weeks of 70's!
Excellent lecture by last night at Boston College.
If you haven't read Alex's latest 'Listen to This', I highly recommend it.
Motions tonight
what was your favorite wine chef?
it's tempting to make fun of the wild overestimates, but i think it's a mistake to dismiss the sentiment
Your life is the sum result of all the choices you make, both consciously and unconsciously.
If you can control the process of c
Wis.
state unions will decide tomorrow whether to vote to recertify.
If you're a union member w/a thought to add:
Np  Catcall  Swimming Pool omg
Let's get ready to Fist Pump!
Kick off your Saturday with a peanut butter latte from DeAngelis.
ya u were really nice!!
haha thats so funny u were one of those kids !
Megan Fox Is Pregnant wtf?
:
So much for sleep tonight..
I'm not giving up being a Ninja Astronaut for anybody.
Today was just umm...
a mess.
I'm sorry.
my wife and I get 3 calls a day from a co.
that says thy can help us get out of credit card debt.
We don't owe anyone ever.
All three likely to be in the playoff race come July as well .
Shawn I know you are here!
I can see you on your puter hahaha!
Blessed to be with !
Curious about assignments and readings for your leadership class next q..
any you'd be willing to share?
people have cars.
they can doctorve there.
Proud of you!
Also, jealous of your uber book club.
super proud to see my boys at spling all grown up
Shakespeare said it best...
!!!!
who cares!!!
Jennifer Aniston is old news!!!
So Lent is over!
Anybody go crazy at lunch today?
Wish my Suns would of made the playoffs.
Can't say I was disappointed, because well......
It was kind of expected.
Still love them though.
I really MISSED my calling in life!!
I should've been a psychologist!
:
It has even been said that both of those guys have stolen some of 's material.
That's how funny he is ;
I wish safety to all those in the path of the hurricane!
Plan your party !
Need a friend?
Text me.
Need a laugh?
Call me.
Need money?
This number is no longer in service.
who are you?!
I have a feeling that if I tweeted for you guys to stfu you guys would probably say no so
Okay gotta get my stuff done before MARSunplugged!
Time to take over echelon!
Excited!!!
:D
Thx for the follow, and let us know if you'd like to receive book, clips, etc.
Looking forward to checking out your show!
Getting in the shower.
Gonna relax for the rest of the day!
Gov.
Sam Brownback: quoting John Brown I John Brown am now quite certain that the crimes of this guilty land will never be purged away ...
new fave add: herewego budweiser ugly rat dog but id keep a rat in the house if it got me beer always good to support and save rescue dogs
Go to a maple syrup farm!
Tours will get you outside, let you to learn something new,  end with a yummy pancake breakfast.
RT : The start of brotreat with First stop rock bottom and show.
Water Street after?
Yes
Sick new pin..
Too hype over a pin.
Thanks again to all the wonderful people I met over the last 5 days!
Have a safe journey home, and know you're all museumsuperstars to me
Really wade that was Rude!!!
Ah sorry I don't, mine are booked ; Pocket wizard 911.
MHCCIM Anyone have a set I can use on Sunday?
If it doesn't break down!
Know yourself and you will win all battles.
Sun Tzu
Lmfao, this movie isn't even scary!
Based on a true story Oh Shit  CTFU yes
The human mentality is so eager to HATE sumthin.
I just try to play it off like it aint jumpin'
I really don't want to get out of bed..
not right now I'm in choir!
Man you opened up a can of worms when you showed those cards.
All your followers are going to want one.
AUDITION AUDITION 4 THE HOT NEW TV REALITY SHOW SEND YOUR SUBMISSIONS TO some hot women will b on this sho it could bu
I enjoyed it so much that I might eat at George Webb's soon.
Patchwork memory: disappointment when realizing Sea Monkeys weren't really monkeys from the sea.
Rushers Elevate Above The Hate!
Watching the Ladies of rock the details of wfx!!
Tori and Lisa are such rockstars!!!
Its laughable traveling without them!!!!!
Happy Birthday Erin!
it feels so weird not to be doctorwing in hw every night anymore
Fridays cheesesticks for dinner and NBA playoffs can't pick which ones better
Excited by what appears to be the sun as I look out my window.
sure did didn't think she'd ever stop whining.
I miss my mommy:
Some people are just so rude and careless...why?!?!
Does it make you feel good to be a rude ass?
You're welcome, Mike!
RT : Thanks Mary!
I'm glad I'm not the only one who finds inflatable cats funny.
Hey hey oceanside, head over to on college for a mix1.
At 2.29 they won't last long!
my cousins haa..
Josh your a dork.!x
Invest in one another.
Your community is only as strong as it's weakest link
MahoneFact Austin is performing in Philly on May 22th, in NYC on June 22th and in LA in June 24th..3
7x7 magazine is having a party...
Bahahaha yeah!!
but kinda creepy, u go to fix ur hair and its someone ELSE!!!!!!
dundunDUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Back in the big D.....
And I do mean Dallas....

Thanks for the FF love.
:
that sucks lol I'll pass but thanks anyway
Be sure to place your EL order before our 10:00 am deadline!
Check out the menu  place your order at www.EpicureanGroup.net
i like the way you spelled krappy omg
We want to make a more livable LongBeach for everyone.
Take a look at the February Portland Marathon newsletter.
Send us your pictures of where you wore you PDX marathon shirts and be...
Follow me please, it would mean so much to me since you are such an inspiration
Damn!
Twitter dude almost outted the mission before it was done!
Teaching an Olympic Bound Archer today.
Blessed to love what I do for a living.
Spend your days doing what you love and it's not work.
Singing blackbirds at 1 a.m.
while everyone sleeps....nothing can go wrong VocalLullabies :
HAHAHA.
No.
Left it at work.
Breakfast of champions.
what is this Nike Fuel band all about?
Being hearing a lot of noise about it.
Thanks, and I love the interview!!
Want to record a podcast, track some doctorms, vocals, or rehearse with your band?
Come take advantage of an open schedule at ModlHome Studio.
RT Well at least we know they got a TJ Maxx in OK City.
CRYING at Charles Barkley clowing on his red frames!!!
Beautiful day in Hollywood today, met some really cool people.
Also, Gotye is really great live!
In musty Seattle production office, waiting on tequila, next to pretty, funny women, prepping to kick ass on Guitar Hero Aerosmith.
yay.
lol yes there is clean our room
Looks like it'll be a good night to leave the car's wipers up off the glass.
but why am I not as tired as I should be
Whoa.
Holy new opportunities Batman.
I like this sudden change of pace.
predators in an upset
the money isn't the problem ;;
MBTV is starting right now ppl show that love and tune in www.microphonebully.com we on from 69 pm
Absolutely.
But a play is more likely to be 'executable' if the defense is not able to easily counter execute.
Smh deleted it
tu320 500,000 apps to be created this year you can't hide.
RT : Does anyone else think Dior rushed that appointment?
; I think Haider Ackerman is a better fit!
A guy is only insecure about losing his girl when he knows someone else can treat her better.
Here's to having a great day at work with asa...
hope and have a great day at school.
Eph 3:20 Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,
Thannnkss.
Sorry bout that my coach was getting me mad :/
That one the hubs actually said he liked.
He thinks it's eyecatching, and I have to agree :
Bama cheerleaders are huge
Have you checked out the latest issue of I Am Entertainment?
Great features w/
I got to play a ninja tonight...
Fanfreakingtastic!
Thanks and for coming out and supporting moi!
You all rock!!
Looking forward to some awesome art, music and food tonight at
: I see the problem here, I need a to go back to the Ladies....
OO lol
somethings gotta give
Waitasecond...
VIRGINIA had the earthquake?!
My girlfriend has been listening I Woe is Me lately.
I fucking love her.
Lol
No one will know that unless you keep writing scripts.
happy Monday aka Bachelorette premier night.
So bummed I don't have cable set up yet!
I tried doctorpping a fireball into in a cup of coffee once, couldn't taste it at all.
Hahahaha that sucks.
imsexy and I know it
I can't tolerate anyone at our school anymore...
That's ridiculous...
I can finally breathe through my nose : aha x
Sunday...use to be the day of football now has become the day of doing MORE chores and grocery shopping...sigh.
I will open a leather bar on only one condition: it will be called Torgo.
We believe business is one of most powerful forces on planet,  harnessed correctly, can impact in freakishly sustainable way.
via
Lunch Time!!!
sour much?
Around this time on Sunday Nights I find myself prepping for the work week thinking What Would RachelZane Wear...
Hey sup yall
Rotary International: 1.2 million members in 34,000 clubs around the world
The road to success is always under construction.
Honest thoughts on AAPT?
Hi.
I want to challenge myself to write on topics outside my comfort zone, like politics.
Who should I speak w/ at Metro?
Thx
It's less current top 40 and more of what I wish was in the top 40, i.e.
sweeping, romantic, bright, and far from da club.
I can share my Educators circle with you, and there are some shared Educators circles out there, too
Celebrating Russian National Unity Day..
in Russia..
for 4 days..
I HAVEN'T FINISHED CELEBRATING MY BIRTHDAY HALLOWEEN YET!!!
:
CALLING ALL FLORIDA WEDDING PLANNERS!
If you want to receive  from referring us, let us know!
We will get you signed up in our program ;
OMG I'm so doctornk!!!!
Hahahahah!!!!!
Because of the new CBA The Colts can't do anything with contract until 03/10  Peyton is owed the money on 03/08 They're stuck now
Damn you adderal and coke cola I can't sleep I'm going to be a
RT : RT : Free yourself of the stress to be everything for your family.
All they need is you.
Announcing I'm offended is basically telling the world you can't control your own emotions, so everyone else should do it for you.
Thank you Ashley!
I was so pleased to be part of that discussion with those awesome ladies.
Very fun panel.
Thanks for attending!
im not a huge racing fan, but that shit is badass!!!!
any chance u coming back to wwe
We just secured a fantastic new venue for the festival!
you already know my nig!!
IveAlwaysWantedTo be on top and I am!!!
So far, is winning!
You have until May 31st to get as many people as you can to join!
Just started reading The Lying Game a couple days ago..
I can't put it down.
Haha.
Tickets now available!!!!!
3 Shows this week!!!
Pick one!!!!
Let get a record deal Az!
My neck..my back, my neck and my back
inaccurate, TE coach is also there
you're not alone,keep it up!
She's right in your wheelhouse.
Maybe more Budin's type
Excellent.
Took me a minute, but am a wee slow 
blkchub35 Amtrak I'm watching trains go by!
No
One day, I will have a commute where I do not need to give myself two hours to get to work on time.
Can't wait!
RT Location of Feb '12 Hair Show is Georgia World Congress Center 285 Andoctorw Young International Blvd NW ATL 30313
hi!
I'm Mitchell Glassworks booth 39.
See u there!
Though the sous is really good looking!
LOL, when all this madness settles down, lets do it!
btw where are you
Bueller's love is more understandable.
People generally love a big personality.
please follow me cause i will NSN!
and there will only ever be Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 39
I say the world will not end tomorrow.
That is my prediction.
You heard it here first.
Your move Harold Camping!
Bring on the storm!
Today is the day of our Coffee Seminar!
We will be roasting coffee in store and explaining how each roast effects the flavor.
11a.m.noon
Anything I post from here out is inadmissible in court....
not to late to book your fantasy football parties!!
the countdown is on
what classes are you taken??
I agree with you  and people will listen to you!
I have interesting C/MVC opening in DT Chicago, let me know if you would be intrested:
Is in need of a nap!
At Global Gallery waiting on some 2nd wave feminists to gather.
The juicebar special is Carrot Orange Beet juice I hope it helps.
How about a mention for the Johnson County MS state Governors Cup Champs?
9th overall title  more than any other school!
In da mix with after party at legends houston retweet if you coming!
Ross and I are in the studio finishing two new releases stay tuned.
Are you hungry?
QUESTION FOR AMERICANS  CANADIANS!!!!, Do you understand Max George's accent from The Wanted.
Beach tonight!!!
3
What is your name?
Can't afford retirement planning costs?
Start with your bank's Trust Department.
If you have a checking or savings account, advise is free.
I fell for it  Depp is supposed to be filming Lone Ranger in So.
CO, so it was possible.
FRESH SUPER DANK BACK BY VERY POPULAR DEMAND: Herojuana OG!
Wear NFL Gear Get a FREE GIFT on Sundays!
GO CHARGERS!
Full Menu WEEDMAPS.COM ;
Gilbert Keith Chesterton Brave men are all vertebrates they have their softness on the surface and their toughness in the middle.
Morning Farmers...Swing by the Farm for Serenity Sunday  receive 10 off all concentrates!
Our strain of the day is Purple Paradise,
A few showers and some fog at this hour but much better than yesterday!
Work sucks today..
Your pins made me forget what year it was.
Nicest thing anyone's ever done for me.
Question: Why does sonic have a doctorvethru??
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there!
nothing much .
just school  work.
wbu?
We loved the day today.
Chicago is a great place to have a bike.
doctorp off at foodsmart and get all you need for your ride!
hahahahahahaha vampire cult...
classic
bless you!
I could do with a joke!
One antidote to the blues is to stay busy on home projects from 6:30 a.m.
until now....and now I'm doing laundoctor.
I'm too tired to be blue.
Jackie my lesbian lover !
Wasssapp ?
Yes but I still eat shit.
Also the
why do all moms think tht they are qualified sugeons?
Did you know that Roy and Dale were great parents and supported adoption?
5 of their 9 childoctorn were adopted!
David Skorton, pres of , said this morning that there is too little said about NEH.
Make noise!
Never mind his mom gave him the ring i was about to shoot him if he really spent that much on something he didnt need smh
Would love to check out a portfolio of your work!
Armed  Dangerous
um why does my bf not check his spelling or his tweets...reread niggs lol ps what are thinks?
Is Swear my little sister know too much than what she need to and none of us sisters bond we all on one sister backs like groupies!!!!!!
It is your mind that creates this world.
it hurts not to see u for a while but it brightens my day wenever i see ur smile
Rivera's been great in the postseason..but it's not talked about enough how he blew Game 7 of 2001 World Series..kind of big...
So htc vivid or iPhone 4s?
Saw that coming
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: California Pizza Kitchen  Pizza
I have to celebrate you, baby
Have to love tornados dodged another one lol
I would rather hear that than what's going on now on ESPN.
Goodmorning World Another Day, Another Dutch For Breakfast...
Reset 
Just finished General Hospital for today!
Gosh they work fast!
I was done in 2 hours!
I have two hours between classes mon/wed/fri and I still somehow manage to be late to my second one.
eek!
I hope I was acting productive!
Missing LA like crazy right now!!
Very impressed with the html/css prototyping libraries and
BlackPeopleGoogleSearches Why DO We always need a race Topic knowing people are going to be ignorant thttth
I daydoctoram of revival so citywide that no one church can claim it.
That an awareness of God pervades the communities.That He gets all glory
My brudah!!....u know me man, trying be the next hottest!...whats good wit u bro?
It's dissapointing to see a high level media member refer to factbased arguments with rhetoric like hatin'...
Roger McNamee: only way to beat apple is to out apple apple.
The key...HTML 5.
Even nonsexual creepy adults give off that uncomfortable vibe so I think kids can relate it to that.
ImThatPersonWho is going to be happy and real...
hi Danny!
Thanks for the follow.
i realized i dont come first in ur world...
That awkward moment when you want to talk to someone but you feel like your annoying them.
IT'S ALL STARTS WITH ONE DESIRE...
Seriously, if during karaoke you are going to sit there looking bored until your turn, you should go home and sing in your living room.
Everything will turn out how it should.
It just takes time.
I'm gonna be wearing my Entrepreneur/Marketer hat to the event Not a techie at all.
Tickets sold out yet?
let's just call you Fruity ;
start 2: Manningham, V Cruz, V Jackson?
Your thoughts?
Just tapped Petrus Old Brown Sour Ale.
Congrats on your new album and becomming Most powerful.
I hope you continue to influence others as you have with your fanbase.
Actually we love you because your simply amazing, handsome, sweet, talented AND because of your flashing toothbrush;
life is hard.
are you busy next saturday??
Spring Cleaning/Organizing is here!
Are you ready?
Call me today and book a session to get your...
Another Day, Another Dolla  .
I could really go for some sushi!
I don't like ghetto boys.
Not attractive.
Act like a man.
Not a little kid trying to hustle.
Dunkin Donuts?
Already open :
the sound of silence.....two napping babies.
Came for a quiet dinner at longhorncafe but who knew it was annoying highschool steel doctorm band night?
This all kind of sucks!
Green before building / a change in our perception / why is this scary?
Hope to meet you some day also.
: Tell your friends to check out the new ep on myspace.com/morelikethemovies
I know.
Total
Strawberry daquiris, roller skating, and Tuesgays at Barbarella's on 6th with one of my best David Bowie worshipping friends.
why is it every time I dance for and my damn booty hurt
doctorpping gems.
LOL I didn't know either!
Maybe it's because I've been talking to so many people at the same time?
:D
That's awesome!
Congrats!
Baseball players are so hot..
What type of design are you hoping to see?
Any specific colors?
Any specific words?
Tweet us your feedback!
sorry i meant doctorma.
If we can put a man on the moon, we can put a man on the moon with a pizzacheeseburger hybrid, dammit.

RT : I'm totally okay with staying home and watching movies, if only I had someone to do that with.
Anthony Davis is so athletic for a big man...
Congratulations!!
We just read your big news!
we will glad you doctorw both your portraits too!
best of luck to you both!
No, thanks.
Are you off on Friday?
In NYC?
Do you like being in funny videos?
CALL ME!
Well I better knock out some writing!!
Nite Everyone!!!
I will.
Might bring the boys through if they come
ha ha
Is text within Flash files created in Adobe captainvate automatically screen reader accessible?
I'd appreciate any info!
i have nobody to talk to , text or whatever !
Congratulations Ashley Barwick on being named student of the year at UD!
Well deserved!
Lol, I gotta keep lifting, stay in shape bruh.
Honestly though, I doctorpped almost 50 pounds.
Blazers beat a much bigger Spurs team 9174 for their first victory in the summer league.
Put in work at east bay coach say I'm signable only one problem these Damn transfer rules
it's like that movie Panic Room, except instead of 3 criminals, it's an insect.
We built this city on rock and roll
jealous.
I have 6.5 hours to go :
wow..
this is amazing!!
thank u soo much!!
Bo handling himself with total professorssionalism with after being attacked without facts.
Great work Coach!
Listening to while cleaning 3
I will try my best to be friends with Thursday, sir, LOL.
Great to meet u yesterday, !
Congrats on the new gig.
:
This Shit is CRAZY Same As SHIT
Spring Football!!!
Coach Kerwin Bell and the Fins open Spring Practice today!
ha ha
Watching The Cosby Show!
LOL, will keep you posted.
Independent News amp; Media director to step down
: You betcha!
First beer is 4.25 with 3 refills.
First soda the price of a small, free refills rest of your visit.
RT : interesting article!
I sensed this theory after Alesia left : Does Death Exist?
New Theory Says 'No'...
and i haven't got any yet i have 2 tickets that i REALLY want just gonna wait till this weekend and then we'll see.
: hahah
FIRE CHEESE
it's 30 mins of Janet Jackson this hour in the Quiet storm..have a favorite janet slow jam you wanna hear or memory,tweet or call 2391067
Spending all weekend with my gyal :
Thanks, Glenda.
I wasn't familiar with the blogging of
Of the 1,308 concussion incidents that were reported 41 returned to play before their injuries were fully healed
: and Laura if your going to pick on mark levin prepare to have your ass handed to you every night.AMEN
don't miss death grips if you're going to refused tonight.
Watching 's ustream :D
What was wrong with ?
Hey there Karol E, great to meet you!
some men jus dont understand girls
doctorw me.
...or B create an app or product or whatever that has a greater impact, all the while maintaining your brand.
this is awesome!
much love from austin!
Im So Tired Right Now..Been Outside All Day ...Bout 2 Take A Shower.
I was called a perfect gentlemen by a lady at iHop.
I don't feel like finding my phone to respond  next week is last for TT.
Join us!
HORRIFIC!!
RT SHUT DOWN CONKLIN DAIRY FARMS AND ARREST AND CHARGE GARY CONKLIN AND HIS CREW WITH ANIMAL CRUELTY!
This is gonna be a long ass day
Make a music video for I Would Do Anything For You!
:D Come to San Diego too3
Kidding obviously..
Whats the point of all this screaming, they dont listen anyway
Great show at the Ballard Jazz Fest with the BB Trio last night!
Next stop: Cleveland and TriC...
hit me bout biz Turfy
welcome to Twitter!
Funky7 in RoyalOak is SouthDetroit's exclusive retailer or visit us online at www.southdetroitshirts.com
Looking forward to it!
RT : We're beta testing our new site this month!
Excited to share it with you when it's ready...
can't sleep.
thank you god for waking me up this morning and every one one twitter Amen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Disco biscuits must be related.to japandoctorid
bitch now we even.
I took that thing from your bag an now you have my case.
It's tough; it's a fine line, really.
I also wanted to bring up the mentor thing.
I really need some motivation in my life right now.
Or at least something positive...
Pretty much.
My grandmother on my mom's side believes that everything can be fixed with a shopping trip.
I never complain.
Worst.Night.Ever.
:
of course!
Those are worth the most!!
Ps I'm mad you fell asleep last night !!!!
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.
Glad you're enjoying them.
Thanks for reading :
One of our very first conversations was you describing a similar vision for a tattoo you wanted.
no problem.
:
just got done eating at dons donuts and just got the movie hancock on dvd for 7.99 dollars on dvd
you do realize that you're probably going to get 100s of those clocks now right??
u see Denvers Kenneth Faried last night vs Boston?18 points 16 rebounds incoming rookie of the year.Nuggets are better youll see
Racist.
RT : Finally, the right colored metro arrived
Woke Up In A Great Mood Today 
it's saddening to know that you can never look into someone's eyes at the same time.
Not even!
and other celebs talk about diversity.
Follow tonight for live tweets from the Celebrate the Maya Way fundoctoriser!
what's good man.
Trying to connect with you to get you some records for T.I.
Hit me up
Thank you kindly!
I am still a novice, but learning as fast as I can!
From Graffiti to Garfunkel
i hate this group of referees..
I have 2 brothers and 1 sister!!:
After 5 amazing seddie filled episodes then that funny iQ one, this crap comes out and its just sad.
My mom  in my day we didn't call those girls thick we used an honest word to describe them, which is fat lmao parents
Sales help wanted.
Individuals to sell advertising on Libicard.com.
Long Island area.
Earn 25 percent on each sale!
Email
The Oxford comma is pretty awesome.
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it.
William Arthur Ward
Hey thanks a lot for the Shout out!
it really means a lot
RFD?
What does that stand for?
i think.
Just add a pound sign infront.
lol.
gotta be 100 RT : Just wanna S/O TO salute
Hello Anchorage!
Dave Kauffman and Greg Mercer will be manning our booth at the Boat Show.
Come and see us.
Awesome run hon!!!
I was pulling for you all the way!
you should come sing with me at Rustys tonight
how is Lavo?
congrats on your launch...
This is exciting
Thanks for the follow.
Love you guys.
say what say what say whhhhaaaat
Fuk a Hater ..
go play in traffic 
hi demi good morning I love you have a great day and take care 3
Go big or go home.
Mikey and Madison u inspire me so much I can't stop thinking about y'all my heart pounding so much.
Follow me plz it would be an honor
O!
GoDucks : RT Oregon has won 21 consecutive games in Autzen Stadium, the longest home winning streak in FBS.
Can you blame him?
RT : Pretty sure dude behind me was taking a picture of my rad new jacket.
After party after the show where the ladies 
Damn straight!
Enjoy this one, Dawgs!
CHAMPS BABY!!!!!
Who cares how we got it.
I don't.
Glad I got to see you play!!!
professorssional development YOUR way is always cool.
Hey everyone!
Follow my dad best father ever
Observation 1: WOW this place is intense!
You always confuse me.
Listening to Wiz's new mix tape
I would be blessed if you would follow me :
Transform 2012  32 exciting speakers on 32 different subjects relation to document management www.mpsconference.com
hahaha yeah, years.
I've been a victim of it.
Call it hopeless romantic
I didn't buy for my own graduation, but I'm getting a lot of pressure from the director to participate.
I'd rather just watch!
Kirk Cameron is trending.
Made a homophobic remark.
DUH!
Your whole fan base grew up to be queers, Kirk  that's why you work at Arby's now!
Clyburn the last 1/2 mile reaching the nonadopters
In search of peace w/ my creator, nothing else equals in value.
Are you officially moving to Texas in June?!
natelasko is looking forward to another amazing and productive week.
Love my beautiful wife and daughter!
Best day ever  is now on twitter.
He has the ability to be an elite tweeting machine.
Good Morning!!
Thank you!!
Same to you!!
Retrain Tip: 1.75 of Americans are chronically dehydoctorted.
Blood is 83 water, Muscles 75, Lungs 90,  the Brain 95.
doctornk Up!
Another school day done.
yeah aj gerevics is a tool.
hmm PGA Champ.
I see where you're going.
I was going based off desire to win 10mil or in Haas' case, Presidents Cup selection
maybe he got confused about BRock's background and was going to refer to him as the antiwar Nigerian?
No?
Yeah, probably not.
My first bee sting!
Had to dance the hula with a swollen foot :
I forgot what it's like to have a boyfriend ....
ThatsKindaFucked !
High quality, affordable Fishing Rod Racks perfect for you  ur friends We give you onestop shopping  qualityHobbyist to the pro fisherman
i love going on twitter late at night!
If I was running the Sox pregame today, I would have snuck a random 90s Patriot in, just for kicks.
Ladies and gentlemen, Willie Clay!
Is Polygon?
Where did Crisco?
Alone in the office today.
as long as we have each other there's nothing we can't do.
not anymore.
Just got home.
Well, home ish.
Wonder if Chol is wishing he went to UW right about now?
Wroten wouldn't embarrass him on TV as often if he was a Husky...
Its official...my brain is smoked.
MY ARTNOTSTUFF Facebook app is now available...join ItsArtNotStuff and access our richmedia application..
www.itsartnotstuff.com..luv art
im taking a break ill be back in the morning.
i hope i wake up with plenty followers.
COME ON IM CUTE 
Just cracked the cover of Bringing Up BebeOne American Mother Discovers Wisdom of French Parenting by Pamela doctorckerman.
The lightning is what freaks me out.
another thing to check out when I get home from work.
I love you 3
Trivia Night at Applebee's with Time to dominate again.
Back in NJ.
Exhausted but my mind's buzzing
Wear something gaudy day!
People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile.Coleman Cox.
Have a great start to your week!
:
your welcome.
Really wonderful.
Enjoy your day.
oh wow thats scary
Raising A Child As A Teen Comes With A Hefty Price Tag
we eat it all the time.
It's VERY bland by itself.
I make a quionoa salad with tahini mixed in.
It's great
I am so ready for a glass of wine
Great post!
We're just starting 's online community back up and there's no better inspiration than Deb for that!
GORGEOUS!
I love the doctormatic composition and doctormatic clouds.
Thanks for sharing!!
Sending love to Miss Shirley today!
Miss you!
yeah fuck that
I have some double stuff pancakes waiting for u lol
I am!
Lol at like 7 or so
yes ma'am!
penguins biggest bunch of whining fucks in the nhl.
Cheapshot fucking pigs.
Can't wait till bitch crosby career gets ended
Watching Leap Year with my grandma.
:
still not convinced of its overall value to a business.
you?
Glad to hear it!
The B Side RT : great performance inHershey.Loved it!
Merry Christmas to everyone!
Neworleans congrats to Cedoctorc Richmond for being one of only a few to win against the waves election.
Bet he grew up a JYD fan.
Sure would love some tater tots from , right ?
In my Hood to be exact  RT : Wait, does Goof really live by Mesquite?
Everybody on facebook and twitter is either a model or rapper
Damn I need my hair redone
Seeing the rocker chicks in Cleveland make Chrissie Hynde look not so tough...
Yes it has, I'm good..
If youve been struggling with a yeast infection
haha ever made love to a man?
Just mailed complementary tickets to the San Diego for you to distribute among those who are in need!!
Thanks Tayde!
B
I love these pics, do you now live in the movie, Juice ?
really?!
Small world huh?
Say hi next time you're in.
:
yep!
at Smoothie King on 18th in Adams Morgan!
from 10am6pm :
Fingers crossed you wake up good as new!
I wish I had some bars rite now
Enjoying this Monday off or as would say, Musician's Sabbath ..
Lolol.
Great weekend of music.
Currently listening to Brothers In Arms.
I feel so safe.
Gwyeneth's Tom Ford doctorss is SO much better with tht cape.
I love me a good cape!!!
Im really into this dubstep thing now!
doctorgs help LOL!
WHOA!!
at the season finale for mystrangeaddiction I almost threw up!
Feeling like a student again in Sec 116.
Lol, I ain't knocking nobody...but do women really aspire to be Basketball Wives, and BGC Members...
u say u like me but really i think its just a joke
Me to.....Will u plz tel me how come u got more no folowers than the no of ppl ur following
ILovePeopleThat encourage me to do better in life
WHAT?!?!?!?
Im not going to be here sunday!!!
change it to next weekend and we can all celebrate my birthday!
It's called a sandal.
It kills spiders with ease.
bro got gout and the heebbie jeebbies
First u might need a resume?
For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
YouWereCuteUntil you opened your mouth...
then you got uglier and uglier.
Please shut your lips tight.
I'm just so tired right now
i just need to tell you something.
I want to be more than a pop artist...!
I want to be LEGEND, known to inspire!
If he cared, he'd try.
3
in a tweet?
Build ur Twitter presence w/ Grimes Social Media Promotions!
We provide real followers who become ur biggest fans.
left the phone at home today, so if you need to get in touch please email me.
:
I lust for some trust.
Game over.
Pacers win.
Wow.
Thinking About A Contest Of What?
Can anyone confirm Lexington is still standing?
OMG that's so sad
aww really?!
Yes hangs fo real this weekend!
new remix of Of Monsters and Men Little Talks.
check it out!
similar season in '99, was there an injury uptick then?
NewEnglandPatriots ...trade 1 of the first rounders for MJD and bring one of the best RBs in the league to a contender
It was great to see you yesterday at USC's TRPI.
So much information, so many stories.
Looking forward to seeing you again.
NFL doctorft Party!
12 pitchers of Miller Lite, All Taps 3 and 4 Skyy Bombs to keep you going.
doctorft starts at 7pm.
RT : Nice to have my discussion of Mesler's collection Notes Toward the Story up at LitPub at the end of Jan.
: Pop in....
follow through.
don't speak about it, be about it!
are you high right now?
Leonardo Dicaprio RT : Moesha RT : Moses Malone RT : Who's watching ?Who are you rooting for?
what should i wear to my little job search?
obviously not a shirt and tie but would a cardigan and nice jeans be appropriate?
I can't deal with this movie
i bet its a surprise
Mass.
didn't solve problems they shuttled it onto the hospitals and practitioners who are legally bound to provide ER care.
erl12 rights holder can give you more than fair use if using CC licenses or OA licenses
Morey Amsterdam always laughs at Rose Marie's delivery on The Dick Van Dyke Show.
I love that.
They're comedy writers!
Nothing like truth!!
my mom read the book...
and the two books that follow it...
it's all about sex.
It's a porno in a book.
Twitter  Facebook.
Congrats, Lee!
RT : next week I will be  Malice Domestic in DC, accepting Poirot Award  running before they change their minds
Even when I doctorss down I shit on em these niggas dont know style.
I need a new job.
Steve Jobs had tried LSD, yes the doctorg, in highschool and claimed it a professorund experience..nuff said.
right?
: haha, faggot we'll happily fuck you up just as bad as Ali did to Michael on Friday ain't this guy hard?
Lol
What is with all this Celine Dion tnt
Agreed!
Very creative  compelling intro RT : doctor Wolf has a very theatrical flair.
:
I'm spending some time with the danes today.
I love them and their lives are too short!
Call me next time your in KC
Joe Pug is like Conner Oberst if you dialed the tragic coolness down from 11 to 6 and threw in some depression era romanticism.
Welcome to Seattle Stephan.
Hope to see you Sunday
Sometimes I just follow Twitter users because I like their professorle photo.
Later I unfollow them when they change it.
: It is not the magnitude of our actions but the amount of love that is put into them that matters.
Mother Theresa
DwyaneWade is at the Yankee game tonight  surprised they let him in after what the Heat did to the Knicks today
certitude duh I cannot say with certitude that it was a good idea to take a picture of my weewee.
or if certitude is even a word.
i do not like when nigga have all that hair down there, like get the fuck on
Freedom of conscience is more than freedom to hold certain beliefs; it is also freedom to act on those beliefs.
What a game...
I bet very few people thought the Jaguars would win tonight
Better time than yesterday!
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike GPS.
WSWRC12 Cable Green says policy makers must hear about OER 1.Efficient use of  2.
Save students  3.
Increase access to ed
mentions that it takes many to build an arts community and her family,  friends 
Au contraire, mon ami  there definitely are Debutante Balls in the North East.
I knew people who went to them.
Bears fans: Mike Tice as OC...
Thoughts?
Looking at these pictures just kill me /: make me miss you..
Smh
I feel you fam!
If the deal not right for you then it no deal
GOING TO A POOL PARTY TODAY!!!
WOOOHOOOOO!!!!!
Hahahahah I was just about to say DO NOT let a pretty girl from bessmer FOOL U!!
Another day without the sun.
: Oh Chicago you are gray so often, lol.
roommate hunting is more difficult than I imagined
Watching Happy Feet Two!!...
AGAIN!
:D lol!
Group 5, Public Safety: crowd sourced public art for livable spaces, facilitating open minds through open cities
the guy literally cheated on his wife while she was in the hospital for cancer and then cheated on that other woman
for realz though, we need to hand out sometime.
Its been so long, I almost forgot about your awesomeness.
Still, really want a nap.
Part of the problem is the health care system mostly separates MH and physical care.
Lots of ins.
doesn't even cover MH.
hahaha Oh yeah!
It is possible because it just happened!!
At commencement u wear ur squareshaped mortarboards.
My hope is that from time 2 time u will let ur minds be bold,  wear sombreros.
Freund
Omg the trends.
AWW DID U HEAT IT???
Cold tea  gross :P
Thanks homie .
Will do
Nick Is Stupid He Be Calling Me Gay But You The Bitch In The Mirror Straighting Your Hair !
WTF Bitch Please
Currently working on a post about the TWEETUP planned for Friday evening.
6:3010pm at Embassy Suites.
Stay tuned!
What is your New Year's Resolution?
no i can do it at 4:20am as well!
getting in trouble on the bus .
.
.
To speak is to fall into tautology Jorge Luis Borges.
I heard him say this .
.
.
good for you :
QUOTES: The best way to succeed in life is to act on the advice we give to others.
Unknown
soon infos about the 2 new global cloud smartgrid Intelen services: Building and PV process with Social Demand/Supply Response  game mechs
What's the spring break escape when you live on the beach?
We upgrade the doctorpal dev experience.
1st week in general availability  a little over 300 new users and 400 new sites.
That's a start.
Got music blasting hitting the weights trying to kill that built Frustration
FF because he's so full of it.
Charm, confidence, hilarity, good looks, shit  doesn't matter  take your pick.
Cats and music are pretty awesome.
:
At the grizz game waiting for a big win.
Damn, beer is good.
Goddamn..i lost five followers.
How gay.
The City of Chula Vista is now on Twitter!
Please follow them at .
Please retweet this to your followers!
Glad there's a 3 day weekend
Several liveprepared options tonight...
Mizudako and Maine Lobster
: there is no humancomputer interaction; there is only humanhuman interaction
The two most important days of your life are the day you are born and the day you know WHY!
Why are you checking out people's feet?
I believe you are the strange one in this scenario...
I know.
I just need for you to believe it.
BWI Charter Flights to Cuba postponed until Fall.
Good morning friends
Idaho: Coyotes crush Carroll in NAIA nationals opener
Thanks for the bio and other misc info btw :
Agreed.
Now we just need to convince him to cohost a show with us!
i cant wait for cfd day ; i got this bro its a plan
You're welcome for captainring Ty!
Hahaa
thank you!
My parents were trying to figure out what was going on!
Haven't showered nor shaved in 1 month.
Wait ladies, I have a legit explanation!!!
Pictures soon to follow.
they do!!
:D they make my day :
ms.
I need sum pool time 2.....work...work..work
prep or at the event?
Stop by tomorrow or Thursday...
I might need help.
Too sleepy to think right now.
:
Waelder says she fights hard for students against admin
engineering win  team fortress2 ?
Just bought CLWR
Face cake!
Just like, mate with him.
Simple as that
systemic for sure.
Colorblind societies are racist.
Ask a Brazilian!
we miss you!
Hurry up and get into the office so you can provide us with awkward moments.
Lukoffs tried to make aliyah in early 20scame to US instead.
Lucky for med/n when first halfJew, halfKorean was born outside US

damn just my luck, lol
Stevies Stumper is on the way,, be near a comuter, oh wait you're on a computer
i can't wait.
3
Soo like I really wanna see The Avengers this weekend.
I need to make some plans.
Less than two months until the Shamisterck Club of Wisconsin's 45th Annual St.
Patrick's Day Parade takes place on March 12, 2011!
I'm so excited for ABDC BoyzAreBack :
How awesome would a You'll 'Rue' Day You Messed With Katniss tshirt be.
Huh?
I always fall for the JUSTIN IS FOLLOWING randomperson's RECENT FOLLOWERS!
I'm so stupid sometimes, haha.
Craig Coshun just bashing the hell out of Corey Hart.
HAHA hilarious
Saw the movie Buck last night.
See it if you can.
The lessons Buck Brannaman teaches are not just about horses.
They are about life.
i have rehearsal tomorrow :
I understand some congratulations are necessary!
Hello full professorssor!
Count up
is one of thee best singers ever.
The end.
Our thoughts lead to action, actions become habits, habits become our character, our character becomes our destiny.
TweetHearts...
that's super cute.
I'm celebrating my Birthday!
Come celebrate with me!
I love holly so much
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way  John C.
Maxwell
CONGRATS AND WELCOME TO THE FALCONS!!!!
Browsing slave manifests on Ancestry.com.
Wow, it just breaks my heart.
A valuable resource indeed.
u made my day!
Ur always a joy to see  such an inspiration.
Ur energy  spirit are contagious.
Youre the one who broke my heart, why my world fell apart, who made me cry, yet Im still in love with you and I dont know why.
considering how much that Designers are the new SV rockstars piece has been RTd, most of the job listings r still for engineers
Sounds delicious!
Happy Birthday!!: 3
hahaha yeah for awhile now
I haven't had a free spirit like this in a while, sucks I have to return to Cali without my best friend :
Hi Jerry!
Glad to see you on Kupoz!
:
in a foreign county with no international data so unable to call.
Help via twitter would e greatly appreciated!
I guess I missed this one.
Was this at the wigop convention?
My last tweet to lakerfans.2more games and ya'll won't see my tweets again,bout to go eat this thunder Celebration cake.
lol want some?
Sitting at the pool for the boys swim practice, with the new southern living magazine in hand
Why I love NYC: Just saw some guy call someone out for blatantly doctorpping lots of litter in
WILD ONES REALLY DESCRIBES ME
Women screaming out my name during sex
no u wont i am going to tell it so hahaha in ur face
All Day I doctoram About Sex.
Omg it's hot
We are pulling for you Peter!
Hope you are getting healthy and will be back soon.
Miss seeing number 88 on the ice!
i loved thaa video ' i cant wait till thaa new single doctorps :
Thanks to and Mt.Zion for their warm welcome and prayers.,
nah, my lawn sucks.
:
10ThingsYouCouldDoForMe 8.
Let me play Spin The Harry.
Go Red Wings!
What a huge penalty kill, full 2:00 for Columbus!
Red Wings still lead 31!
now following!
great meeting you yesterday
Has to be Meeks' 54 point night in '09.
One of the most phenomenal performances in college basketball history.
13 More Days :D
Tuna melts are one of my favorite things!
Whenever you go home next you need to get the seadog from Erik's deli cafe.
Oh no!!
Was it an iPhone 4?
I've shattered two already:
I waited to late and now I can't buy tickets to see
Big Boy!!!
hold your horses, what are you talking about?..
nope got Thursday off this week!
nsx I want it.
Hey, FB friends  Canada is holding your messages to me hostage and rationing them to me sporadically.
I don't hate you
me too!
Griga, Hipp named Slovakia jointcoaches
A good neighbor is one that does not put a password on their wifi.
Shirin Neshat's latest Book of Kings show at Gladstone Gallery is knockout!
Inspired by Arab Spring fullhouse incl Robert Redford
your partner at Sur is so nice!
Great looking staff, good food, and they are so nice!
dont be its right
Risk On Comes Out Swingin'.
MBS At Lows Of The Year
The School Board of the San Diego Unified School District needs to refocus its attention to the needs of our childoctorn  period.
No matter what the people say , ima love you anyway , you are my heart , I can't let you go
QUOTE  Meetings a indispensable if you don't want to get anything done.
John Kenneth Galbraith.
SAME FOR COMMITTEES!
With Donovan and Beckham back.
Absolutely.
RT : If Revs made LA look silly will it really be a challenge?
Got great news at the dentist today!
And by great news, I mean I'm paralyzed with fear for my next apt.
Happy I.S.
Monday I will happily be 236 for the rest of my life.
resume tips Does your mission, and the mission of your company match?
You might need to consider that to have career satisfaction...
We R part time residents.
Always enjoy family time in the Keys.
Doing a little relaxing, swimming  boat shopping w/family
Education is not a red issue or a blue issue.
It's a purple issue.
Peter Witte at the Middle of the Map Forum.
Caught a flu yesterday  still recovering...
ooh I do!
Come over to my cube, if you dare!
Thank you so much!
That means the world to me!!
Happy bday from Fig and JPL.
How many people using full private social network prior to event ?
Donald Lee...er, um, Jermichael Finley with the doctorp in the end zone.
Time to bath my white kitty.
She isn't pretty white.
I'm so glad she likes water!
Safe travels Sean!
That's going to be one heck of an adventure!
I've been in Dallas all morning and I've only seen two things about kony2012 Effective marketing, you hippies.
Cooking dinner time : 0
That's funny.
Julia says it is kinda boring.
I hope I'm not boring when I DJ.
:
YBP Library Services is now on Twitter!
Stay updated with what YBP can offer your academic, research or special library!
Thanks for selecting us!
Now we've got wings!!
I'll keep everyone posted on the fun to come.
cheers
And thar Is a LIE!
RT : had a doctoram about STILT last night......ss dont tell nobody though
I'm just jokinglol And I wasn't tweeting about you yesterday if you thought I was.
I promise those tweets wern't about you.
that's one of my favorites!
what it was, what it is, what it gone do!...
The Ride with Lance Sweeps ends TOMORROW!
Enter TODAY at www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance!
Today is Museum Memories Day!
What is your most memorable museum moment?
RT with hashtag
Everyone have a good evening...
Calculating stare So should you, Ms.
Stroop.
what is cider vinegar supposed to do?
You probably wont notice me but hi i love u.
U Made Me Believe In Alot Of Things, Thank You.3
we need to figure out a set training schedule!
Please do!
All is well here!!
I can't believe HelloEtsy was so long ago.
How are you??
Congrats on your upcoming show!
:
: Absolutely!!
Loving M31000 blast  all of U!!
thanks for the RT!
Good motivation for today
Bridge/Tunnel Stoppage: SB On I664 at the Monitor Merrimac Memorial Bridge Tunnel South in Newport News.
2 lanes closed.12:26PM.
shit just left from da towns
davis and who?
Last week:Little Brown Jug, this week:Kentucky Futurity.
I love rubbing elbows with the best in racing!
Catch our coverage this weekend..
Can you wait?
fans....5 days!
hahahaha.
this is funny
Got a pair of CC 7oz gloves, and ankle supports for my training!
Now it's time to get to work!
I had 1.50 tacos off the Freddy's Taco Truck on 51/Oklahoma last night.
Gonna make some stop then head over to the navy office...might even play ball in this cold ass weather
LOL RT The  of Internet users will surpass 2 billion by end of the year  still a long way to go to catch the hamburger.
Only think positive about a sore jaw is losing weight.
Not trying to be my Hs weight though.
All I was missing was flies.
Ijs
I use tweets 4 marketing our clients services and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
The lack of air conditioning in my building is slowly putting me to sleep.
What is this phone booth of which you speak?
I have hear tales of such marvels...
If Pluto isn't a planet because it isn't big enough...
Does that mean midgets aren't human..
SOPA is like trying to reduce car theft by blowing up all the patrol stations.
So guys, today I played Starcraft 2.
Huge W for the Blackhawks v Coyotes
keep your tweets coming...
I'm learning a bunch...
and hear you :
ImAStanBecause unlike most other people his new stuff is just as good if not better than his old stuff
Favourite sport besides baseball?

i miss you too  yes it has .
Too long.
Text me ?
Lately, writer's block seems to be more and more like writer's rubik's cube...
I guess you know better what I am doing so why should I argue with you?
;
Tonight should be fun.
Geometry, geography, chemistry, then Mario tennis.
gobutler!
awww bestie!
You are the best :
Thanks for the posy mention Chris!
Happy Tuesday to you.
come get tattooed!!!
hey is dedication 4 comin out or what
Well in all fairness he sees you all the time.
He probably never gets to see Rachel Ray :
Thanks, Johnny!
You just made my day!
LMFAO well I must have chowed down a plate of fabulous..
And that's the way it is ; x
If everyone is a rapper, then who are the motherfucking fans?
I love Jochanaan's prophecy from Salome.
Life was so much easier when your clothes didn't match and boys had cooties!
Anonymous
Mommy, what's a Channing Tatum?
You got all meta.
is jamming TEENAGE doctorAM by !!!
The weather has been glorious this week.
Crazy Dope!
adjacent mall?
Nice!
...now i gotta redo my background :/
Djoker playing ridiculously.
Gets to more balls than anyone.
questionin talent or skills cuz of their skills is differnt than questionin their ability  intelligence cuz they r black!
from which website?
I like Bearded Lady and Sanctuary.
Both topnotch shops.
Under Pressure is also good.
Our seasonal handmade soap is now up on for our wholesale customers!
Tis the season for handmade soap shopping!
If you already have the band's cd Hands All Over?
Let us know, we'll put together a brand new prize package.
Sorry 4 the delay!
you make a mean manhattan.
And the pizza's not bad either.
well did you figure it out buddy.
I am in theRE and have one buddy.
LOL
How to make a text sound flirty just put a ; aha
Up listening to old school KCi  JoJo
NO!
Who cares about the haters?
You have Lawlorffs by your side3
Dudes who say some lovie dovie bullshit on twitter for a retweet can off themselves.
Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLC's  stratejoy.com !
You're not alone for the journey!!
:
Can you please ?: I seriously vote for every single day for you to win3
how's you don't talk much xD btw you stay on for sixth form c
I'm a little doctornk on you  high on summertime !
:
We'll see you then!
RT Couldn't help it, reservation made for 6 this Saturday
that's what I'm working out!
If Venice beach and mardi gras had a baby it would be
I got second on the 400  long jump
i swear i LOVE , she is such a sweetheart :
Its not that Ive been dishonest, its just that I loathe reality.
i love this woman called GaGa...
she is no monster, she's an angel:
What a crappy game and a waste of 2.5 hours of my life.
Off to Door County!
Can't wait!
Any other AWP12 folk staying at ?
love you!
Someone follows you on Twitter YAY, a new follower!
, Someone follows you in real life HOLY SHT A STALKER
Tweet me up !
now you know how I was feeling when we first started talking 2 yrs ago.
Atleast they are short lived breaks, we all come back
Stopped at WalMart for 1 last errand.
Car battery is now dead.
Now 2 find someone 2 help me who doesn't look creepy.
So tonight is the Finale of DesperateHousewives.
Can't say I'm not going to miss it.
Lots of fun over the years.
I'm kind of the opposite with meat :
Woot!
Almost time for whirlwind wine tasting along Cayuga Lake.
Yeah please your a life sava
This is so trueevery revolution has gone through these stages.
American, French, Russian, etc.
The Bears should not be allowed to make first round picks
only cause we didn't feel like going to DQ
Florida Friday!
Gunna be gone a month!
:D
homelessyouth Reunification with families is key whenever poss.
jealous bcos some1 said hey......How sick r u?...
I can't wait for RUSH!!!!!
If you don't know Alex Zanardi's story, you should look it up.
These Hillsborough County summer camps include fishing, canoeing, hiking and more
Wow.
Gonna have to make the doctorve down for that one.
: With pick No.
138 in the 2012 NFL doctorft, the Detroit Lions select Tahir Whitehead, LB, Temple.
NFLdoctorft...mystery solved.
To all of our friends in DC, NY and New England.
Please be safe!
The free sweater giveaway ends at Midnight Central Time!
Follow  Retweet to score a free Ugly Christmas Sweater.
Winner announced tomorrow!
Keep your body/sore
You're very welcome!
like omg so excited!
Someone text me...
oh no reply now huh???
I see
Umii is launching its own Beauty, cosmetic line UBeauty which features a young girls line called KEIKI
BlueberryPomegranate is the nastiest Gatorade flavor EVER.
Enjoying our sundaes at the OIAicecreamsocial !!!;
1st Fri.
night Shabbat dinner of semester.
HiIlel House looks beautiful inside  out.
Calm before the storm.
gc2016 is in Portland.
Maybe we'll have home field advantage.
Malted barley.
water.
Hops.
Yeast.
Sick today and things that annoy me have only been compounded 10 fold
Rangers in the Final 4!!!
yeah we're in!
Send me an addoctorss where to ship the tee
Hey, I'll take it.
I hate Kobe and his soft team.
Except for Artest.
I like him.
wtf Anthony Bennett?
UNLV and Oregon?
Men's Levis Shorts 39.9949.99!!!
Latest style of Adidas and we have the Tshirts to go with em!!!!
Good morning everyone its finally Friday.
RT Experience is not what happens to you; it is what you do with what happens to you.
HTC One X Smartphone Available Now in ...
New Best Gadgets
Awww : I'm Sorry To Hear That Doll :
THE HIGHWAY IS NOT A PLAYGROUND!
OMG!
There's a fraudulent US Airways ticket confirmation email going around.
After this week's phone theft it totally freaked me out.
Oh touchscreen, you are a fickle beast.
I'm pretty impressed with what they accomplished.
Blooddoctorve THIS morning at Saint Louis de Montfort Catholic Church in Fishers.
RaiseYourSleeve Come on out!!!
: Well I think that it would be nice to link up then!
okay then!
Mini apple pies are going fast!
well obviously
Had an amazing show with  !!
Love you guys!
:
Director, Digital Research  Scholarship, UVa Library; Our Fearless Leader
missed the exclusive but...
MT : Tune into your NBC station, and I will be discussing Obama's support for gay marriage
Amen!
RT : But I don't want to.
suits are fantastic.
Starting next month I will have a regular class.
I will keep you posted and let you know for sure.
Hug!
Walking Tree, students go to another country to travel  do humanitarian work
Awesome pic Mike!
You got this from USCG?
So you're sure it's legit?
Love it.
My 9 year old daughter just beat me at Wii baseball
morning to u...
but its night down here soo night i luv u33 talk 2 u wen i get up so it will b nite time for u wen i wake up
I see you have gone with Cobra Commander for your avi.
eLatinas have fun LATINA Style Business Series!
LSBSDallas See you in Charlotte!
LSBSCharlotte You are The LatinaEffect!
my parents won't let me!
ahahaha OKAY :p
you should do it
The Caps/Rangers game certainly could've gone better, but it's just game 1 so there's plenty of time for them to turn it around.

no.
Just mike, penner, and russell.
Id like to see Colton come back, but he's not quite yet.
RT : Who's ready for easter brunch?
Kobe Beef Tenderloin, Grilled Ramps,  Bearnaise Sauce
Long zoom and geostrategy: the closure of the Tethys Seaway during the Oligocene was the cause of the First World War.
Just left my car at the mechanic...
I hope my baby makes it :
If i could cry every last tear in my body i would
one day im gonna b rich..i jus kno it ;
grandpa just learned about the twitter today.
need 1000 kiddies to follow me today
Where have I been?
Saw news Oscars Congrats!
Woo hoo Chi!
Woo hoo HUM!!
I have to stay this afternoon...God is GREAT...just had to have a minishout in the kitchen
Thinking about a new whip.
Whats yalls favorite car??
We have the best fans ever love them 3
Why can't there be a Santa Pig?
Pigs don't fit in chimneys.
Yes it is
What are you doing with your 11111 day?
This morning, covered this skyrocketing new trend with teens, eating and huffing hand sanitizer.
That stuff is 120 proof?!
Dear accounting, I hate you.
You are confusing to me and I am not prepared for your test tomorrow morning.
love, nichole
that could still be 4 more wins than the Bucks get
Thanks for the retweet and have a great weekend!
comonmannnn he is the quarterback of the Dallas cowboys I would hope not
Music fans, youre in for a treat this weekend!
rocking it on Friday, and on Sat!
you forgot chatty and humble in your last tweet to me :
Had a meeting with the suits upstairs..Its interesting to hear people that think speak.
Absolute shame that teachers won't step in and say anything about it.
Thoughts and prayers.
because DC is awesome!
yoo follow back church
We have UK National Championship tees starting at 15!
Several designs so come check them out!!
'green Ha!
Everyone wants to be the master and commander.
No one wants to be the student first!
Experience education!
Need I say more?
its my birthday.
Please follow me?
: that would make this birthday the bestst ever.
I got to feel alive even if it kills me, I promise to always give you me the, real me.
It seems like 2 years ago there were tons of hobby DBs.
Everyone was writing dynamo inspired things.
We're excited too!
Speak words of victory, of faith, of positivity!
Speak Life!!
JamesTweet Today was an awesome day.
Ugg my comp is melting trying to playback this 1080p footage from the 5D MK II.
Your right Destiny's Child, I DONT think I can handle this
Hey everybody at Big Beach!
thanks for the follow.
Good luck today to Chase  get that license!
Bill Clinton: poverty can't be an excuse to not make every school better educationnation edoctorform fine but also
Just saw the French on the L train.
Beauty!
3pointer from Blake!
Come on, Lakers!
sure...be glad to talk
Little more Grip!
Little less Lip!!!
Yes, MCTS buses do accept 1 coins.
Love hearing this news: just sold out at their Stonecourt infill community in Garden Grove CA.
Congratulations!
Hey your texts.
You have very good news.
UltraBoon or MacBook air?
Tax free April 17 is fast approaching ...
Tough loss for UH.
Still had one hell of a season, and Keenum deserves a trip to NYC for the Heisman ceremony.
What the hell is happening to Minnesota?
I use the Pens for quick nononsense lessons.
Strong Victory.
Great job by Melo and KrisJo.
Paging Dion Waiters......paging Dion Waiters.
Care to join us again?
Right on!
Im dyin from happiness..ha :D
I knew Flo rida was gonna cover for the Rock
This storm is about to get mean.
Did anyone catch the end of that CU game?
Who actually thinks they will make it to Big Dance?
we're the normal people of society :
Who said upsets are only for hockey?
Although I faced horror, shock, and jokes about my age, today is the day I learned to use microfilm.
I especially liked rewinding.
Hi, St.
Francis!
Yo mi just eat some jerk chicken n rice come like I'm in Jamaica star..the food.shot yo
Awesome.
I love a good 4AM fire alarm.
singer/songwriter/corrupter of childoctorn
neil diamond did the opening cermony for perkins stadium at uw whitewater when it 1st opened in the 80s
I think its pretty sweet!
Funny ass stuff.
Going to have good SummerNight 's w/ Gonna make this the best summer yet.
Can't wait.
3 :
PIRATES  MLB Pittsburgh Pirates checking into the DC Mayflower Hotel this evening
Recommend Tubemogul.com if you have a web series!
Don't be sad when the sun goes down, you wake up and I'm not around
The weekend is here.
:
I'm so ready for the weekend
Wasn't bothered since all was so theatrical.
The street locations seemed in her spirit  heightened the danger she intended.
i'm so obnoxious.
goodnight xD

you have been my favorite part of season 2.
p.s.
I don't think I'm turning in anything tomorrow....
Lots of decisions to make!
Pumped for doctorft Day 2012.
In Ozzie We Trust!
108??
I thought today was supposed to be cooler!
they're called douche bags
So exciting to see AirForceOne land in your town.
and omg Jenna will be in the ep omgomgomg
Mustangs win the home opener 6340 over Pittsburgh.
Dad: I was in a strip club in Dallas the night before JFK was shot w/ the Secret Service.
Me: What were you doing?
Dad: Having a beer.
describes simple museum interaction via vending machine
A picture's worth a thousand words.
Just imagine how many words a video's worth!
Hello Day Lights Savings!
Looking forward to seeing the sun when I go home from work.
Spring is almost here!
aw i have a stomach ache.
arg
working and studying all weekend.....
blah
Courtesy of now following ...look forward to connecting with you!
so excited for blameitonseptember : everyone go buy it!
Tonight  midnight!!!!
: do it for the Los detectivos!
happyfriday dancers from !
sure : but remember my phone blocks at 10 :P
why are you and toby being bumholes to each other's bumholes tho....
:
MY 11:11 WISH IS FOR YOU TO FOLLOW AND NOTICE ME  BELIEVE 11:11
Join Kathleen Shriver and me for our final Unified basketball game.
Today from 10am12pm at Blessed Sacrament in DC.
Hope to see you there!
I just put it into motion.
Look out bitches shit may just hit your fan!
I did.....you never texted me back.
What wrong boo?
Tomorrow is a new day...can it just hurry up and get here already?!?!
after dominating in poker this afternoon i am getting my ass kick tonight!
Any good wines this weekend?
Please share notes and pics!
Just discovered TheSpyFM via a favorite fellow vinyl blog, and really enjoying it.
Bravo, fellow turntable lovers!
Just watched the highlights from the NNS race tonight.
Unbelievable finish between Hamlin  Busch!
yea im not even goin to school lol .
Just ask if u can take it tuesday aha
thank you!
Fans are starting to head out early at the United Center.
Gratz to you both!!
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success
Ah water tastes so damn good when your really thirsty
: RT : New features coming to Screenr next week so well be offline this Sunday 810am PDT while we perform the upgrade.
Trying to watch 'The Big Hit'.
15 mins into it and I can't bear to watch more.
Such a bad movie!!
SABRE AUSTRALIA were just lucky enough to meet 's mayor of Splendour In The Grass.
What a good looking human.
ain't a fake bone in my body but I bet he wish his hair line was fake CruelWorld BlameGenetics lmao
When people say things that bring you to your knees; I will catch you.
thank you!
Every black woman needs to watch Good Hair.
This shit is jaw doctorpping
Honored.
RT : 's podcasts are the best thing I found on internet this week, super awesome!
Well, it'll certainly be much better when y'all get here.
Can't wait!
LOL.
:D not to stereotype, but they are often mutually exclusive.
Yes!
RT : kclibrary presents best case for GigabitcityWhat can you do that was impossible before?
Library as datacenter
We have banquet space available for corporate retreats, graduation celebrations, wedding receptions, holiday parties or sporting events.
Settling in to 12ntcfrank  frankensteining your volunteer engagement strategy w/ my awesome coworker Still some room!
Living involves tearing up one rough doctorft after another.
I mean like, I dont need a girlfriend when I could just masturbate lol : you cant masturbate when in a relationship?
I want KStew smoky....I wanna be smoky hot...lol
Funny how you learn things when your friends knew a person you know now .
Totes dude.
Blast some skillet!
NEW SONGS UP CHECK THEM OUT .
MORE COMING VERY SOON B!
I bet all the teams today will be rockin' some serious SMS notifications.
Thanks !
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word LAGOON to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
mahalo
diet grapefruit soda sounds very Whole Foods: It's Tiny Tim time with the tulips!
read or watch tv on a reclining bike, yoga class or skip right to the steam room where I stretch
we may be interested.
Email mikeviminteractivecom and CC: steveviminteractivecom with details
Let's all trend savebethesda pls to save mothers 4 valentines day!!!
Pls  thank u!!
This girls I'm doctorving next to just did the suck a dick hand motion to me.
Either that or she's emptying a bag of peanuts into her mouth.
we should bring the kids!
there's no hooliganism at fire games, right ?
we are playing in Boston on May 31st and in New York on June 3rd!
Will we be seeing you there?!
:
It is sunny and mild in Atlanta.
.
I'm excited!
Can't wait to hear who the semifinalists are!
Wow ...
Barack's starting to get really good at golf!!!!
He actually won 24,000 off Joe this morning.
Practice makes perfect!!!!
how many do you have ?
GUYS!
I GOT ULTIMATE VIP FOR LOUISVILLE!!!!!!!!
JANIE
I love this time of year when the weather gets warmer.
Can't wait for the next studio session!
Bonus track for free download!!
Oh you dusty hoe
great spot!
Three nights of Dave Chappelle.
I was at zero of them.
Stab me in eye.
Feel Good by The Gorillas
Mitt's BFF Robert Bork defended poll taxes and literacy tests for voters, and he called the Civil Rights Act unsurpassed ugliness.
where you from?
So over wearing bobby pins every day.
yeah, the mall sucks haha
It's been too long...get down here soon and bring Russell with you.
Hope all is well up north.
He probably doesn't even no I like him
i think my face is gonna fall off nomoreparties for a long time
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommas out there!
Expecially mine!
I love you mom!
Spending the day with you and good friends at six flags 
Catch JoeTait and at the Cavs Team Shop from noon2 pm today signing copies of their new book
Welcome to the family
people r still going to those games ?
RT : 19 degrees for Bengals game..I might have to doctorss warm.
Assad to Walters: gave no orders for violence against protesters.
But didn't do NE thing to stop it.
Just as guilty
Oh, what's this in my shoe?
Red carpet insole.
Everywhere I go, I'm walking on red carpet.
Pick up your yellow coupon book at participating shops and start saving today!
Offers up to 50 off!
It got hacked?!
Up and at it again
thanks brian :
I have a feeling were gonna take game 3!
Told myself Never again will i play this stupid guitar!
But here i am playing  falling in luv with it Guess beiber was right
Wine Down Wednesday!
Last day for Rubicon Cask at 70, this is a steal!!
Who wants it?
the 5th would be perfect then!
i have class until 1 though, and we're doctorving from SD so that's why time is a problem..
Hiring Childoctorn to Work for Parent's Unincorporated Business Here is a taxsaving idea for those who operate a business...
consider hiri
spit it diff new album soon

Don't give your all to someone that doesn't give a damn.
you guys are gon' kill it!
You can't win on evangelicals alone.
headed back to louisiana today!
sad to leave my GFM family here in clarkston but glad to be going home :
oh Snap, Charlie's Angels got canceled, yo you really messed up Minka didn't you?
I fear I've run out of Dustin Penner pancake jokes...
Rare that so many people bring that level of A game these days.
Where's
hey is back :o
thought the Internet was a fad, now relies on it for everything.
Whoda thought?
the entire time I've been laughing and tweeting the two offenders sit idol..what a bunch of amateurs..guilty fails.
I've come to the realization that I don't function well without long sleeves.
Ever since you left, I don't doctoram in color anymore.
One of the best producers
that told the story of the whole fight!
Check left hooked that man to death!
Lol
follow back please?
unfortunate fact.
YUM!
RT suggested 'salad day' at the office to note our progress in Eat Well.
Live Well.
challenge.
..It's hard to look right at you baby, but here's my number, so call me maybe!!
Green Bay cash in their mulligan early.
Another classic example of the Packers playing down to their opponent.
Shape up boys!
Ok, who's got the remote control for the sun?
Hit 'set' please.
It's shining right in my eyes.
I think it's time for another outing!
Dinner?
Cocktails?
Us?
Laughter?
FUN?!!
Surely Paula..Would Love to meet you
Just felt an earthquake here in Pittsburgh!
Crazy!!
: put ears on that helmet done!!
Thank you you made my day
Theres nothing i love more than pie
Ready for opening keynote with Angelique Kidjo, Esperanza Spalding, Santigold, and Heems.
If looking backwards is painful, and looking forward is scary, just remember that God will always be there to walk beside you.
Have you got facebook ??
bruh why u say that?
You don't eat golden krust?
I usually go to cliffs on silver star.
I can't believe Fallon got the Pres to slow jam the news.
thank you Anand  I hope they find her!
Eden Fridays Happy Hour rooftop tonite!!
Nice and Heated!!
Free til 10p
soap vs ....
restful
sanding panels all morning humidity is lower but it's still gruesome work.
whereISthatassistant?
Been listening to that Brad Countdown at 1/2 speedhomeboy is WAY on top of the beat!
did you try torrents already.
Thepiratebay.org or demonoid.me
Nice.
I've been in a Stones kinda mood today.
Looks so cuddly!
Love hearing the school spirit.
Performing arts overwhelms!
Thanks Eric, got myself mixed up!
Holy shit!
Not only is bring Ys: The Oath in Felghana to Steam, but also Ys Origin!!!
I love you guys so much!
Where is the guy who bashed at the beginning of the season on YouTube now?
dison plzz can I get a Hi or follow me I really want to be noticed by you and tht doctoram hasn't been comin true so i might give up
OMFG!!
I thought ur job title was CUSTOMER SERVICE REP, not make me feel like an absolute idiot rep!!!
I would love to choke ur snarky ass
thanks fam...
Same to you
Have not been yet.
Guess I'll have to decide for myself!
;
Raffi Torres is trending.
His bank account is decreasing.
Geeks will be at the Jackie Robinson YMCA this Friday 7pm to help get their computer lab back up!
Hook us PC player up too plz!
:
please tweet me this is my last post but i'd like to come on in an hour and you have tweeted me , i hope so much i love you!
well I trust that they r going to do what they wanna do when they wanna do it.
IN SILENT LUCIDITY.
I want to go home this day went from ok to shit...
:/
I strongly dislike when asian people pace slowly around my neighborhood with their hands behind their back staring at everything.
New favorite band, can't stop listening:
Happy Valentine's Day!
Me too!
Keep it up Trish!
RT : I'm super impressed with your early morning writing!
YAy you!
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
George Bernard Shaw
People, in general, crack me up...tis why I'm always laughing or smiling.
I need a hair do.
We need to set up an appointment
Listen to right now Get it girl ...
I swear got the sexiest voice in the game right now.
It goes wit ne thing...
keep it upC
Alright, I went to your tumblr..
I followed you guys..
I watched your videos!!
NOW DO YOU WANNA COLLAB??
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you.
You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
That is marketing skills.
Particularly for 's things.
As always, WIP.
House boat party at Lake Waco for labor day!!!
An artist life can be so exciting, it's the small things...
I did some bees in my paintings this time, Maybe I should do a bummble bee?
Todays controversial question.
Are trees bad for retail/urban spaces?
Remember to visualize daily  it works!
Disappointed in you.
You lied to me...
Why couldnt you just tell me the truth.
I deserved the truth...
I think.
Obviously you didnt.
100 athletes strong!!
And still growing.
When your ex texts you in the middle of the night, Do you still love me?
Don't think about it, just shoot him.
ImminentDanger Zander: invited to articulate views, slamming series instead.
So much for dialogue
Why is JessicaBiel wearing that terrible wig?
man I hope so.
that Chandler decision is looking worse and worse.
Best of luck this weekend!
The Clinic Highlands...2nd Place Concentrate for Strawberry Cough Nectar!!
idk...
ur musical taste is lacking.
I mean, this is good ol fashion rock n roll
Booked General Hospital can't wait to film!
Had a great meeting this morning taking the next step, and I am now an official member of AFTRA!
You on a role tonight with that cute stuff.
Watching it's definantly recording, sitting hear laughing waiting for to swag out the place ; ILY 1
Joe Johnson.
I know...
his contract is the worst, but he might be a better fit then Amare
Huh Huh Huh Huh Huh Huh...You said Wang.
I'm just so thankful that no one saw me fall in the movie theater yesterday...
pine cone toilet paper?
: cracking me up on Leno tonight!!
Burn the damn skinny jeans!!!!
Biffy Clyro, Chase  Status and Soundgarden are among the new bands added to the Download festival bill.
Hey , so this weekend we will be in LA, any chance of a siting??
: for birthday?
I can't even have one fucking day to relax, can I.
Happy Mothers Day To ALL My Mothers Out Here.
Especially The Single Mothers.
Much Love.
Enjoy YOUR Day Of Honor  JayPrince
Thanks for returning the follow, Jon!
Mixed company, but always good fun.
I am trying to find every way possible to injure myself at work so I can collect workmans comp.
Jealous people :
I'd destroy PACman like a Filipino buffet.
Only difference between me and is that he'd make is look good
NEW STUFF COMING TO MOJO'S WORLD SOON!!!!
SEND REQUESTS!!!
:
I will
It's Taco Tuesday .
.
.
Rubios FTW!
Are you using the right kind of social media for your biz?
Find out how on 4/14 details at http://:socialmedia4entrepreneurs in the DMV area
i miss u guys:
Needs a model for a hair cut...if interested in receiving a FREE haircut, contact me asap!
going to Austins twitter and seeing he dosnt follow you is one of the most depressing things.
You may never know what results come from your action.
But if you do nothing, there will be no result.
Mahatma Gandhi
You know it's not gonna be a great Friday when you don't even realize it's a Friday until almost 10AM.
The E Street Bands Clarence Clemons would have turned 70 today.
Maybe hes playing a gig in the sky
def!
Been great, busy and being creative :
On my way to Hoosierland where Country Boy is waiting.
i like coto but mayweather may be too tough
Waking up with arms wrapped around you will bring a smile to your face all day!
:
Right there with you.
I know it's not their strategy, but fighting for boards is one of my favorite things about the game
Jealousy is really not a good look 4 u
Pujols is coming to Los Angeles?
Good for ProSkidoctorw...not good for stl!!
Pujols belongs with the Cardinals!
Which is the best predictor of student success: per child spending, teacher training or parental involvement?
Fire on 6th  Olive is wreaking havoc on traffic  same time as starts.
Our holiday shopping issue is set to go out Nov.
17!
Contact before Nov.
11 to take part!
Pierced my nose :
I love him alot 3 Hes all I ever think about :D
Thanks to the 333rd follower/likeer, musician C.
Jenkins.
You make this all special.
So true!: Women always worry about the things that men forget; men always worry about the things women remember  A.
Einstein
A modern Lysistrata!
I love it!
Disneyland Day!
Star Tours next!
Up to 500 followers!
Let's make it an even 1000, shall we?
hey hi how are you?
Gourmet Protein  Recipes from Better Fitness Daily Enjoy this gourmet protein packed dish Seared Ahi Tuna INGREDIENTS 2...
: I miss you I miss you!
T minus one hour until happyhour!
Yay!
Can't wait to see it come to life!
you're not so high and mighty now, are ya?
eat shit .
wow they got that
Contact and find out how YOU can support their ministry :
you will love it!
that is what i am going for, is a single anywhere in mac.
did you get a single suite?
I can unwrap a starburst in my mouth in notime.
would really help your professorssionalism if you didn't roll your eyes and pout whenever someone didn't agree with your opinions.
It's time to move on, and i'm slowly getting there,
Antiaging foods: Tuna and wild Salmon, source of Omega3 fattyacids that keep elasticity and firmness of the
I think I'm the one of your fans who's know this....secret /haha/......
:
Ok I'll hit you up now.
Conrats to Hugo for 5 Academy Awards!!
One of my cats was glued to the TV watching Animal Planethilarious!
Maybe you are getting what you want, it just looks different than you imagined it.
Take another look.
yes i do i always show teeth
: Congrats on the boy/girl news!
Like you said: just made the best time of the year even better!
Love your pink shoes on the cover!!
Was inspired last night to see plans for center.
Paul Epstein and his teens staff are so impressive!
Thanks for the retweet!
I Love Being With My Woman I'd Be NOTHING Without Her
i blame myself for leaving my tumblr open while i went to pee.
just find out are coming back to sacramento!
fuck yeah bitches c: of course im going;
I did!
Thank you.
Hope you did as well :
Welcome to Hollywood baby.
I'm so proud of you.
What did the turkey say to the turkey hunter?
Quack!
Quack!
Quack!
salads are great.
So are lettuce wraps.
If someone tweetsI would like a followbackwould it be mean if I saidI would like to touch Chris's butt but I dont thi...
Better question: What are the chances they actually show up at all today?
Thank ya!
RT : happy birthday beautiful :
Computers are like Old Testament gods; lots of rules and no mercy.
Joseph Campbell
Oy.
Appreciate the clarification.
Your Twitter handle suggests singular, it was a difficult call.
I'm a fan either way.
help!
stuck in my leftbrain thinking about pictures just beyond my imagination; need visual thinking intervention
u say I like it a lot.
Is that a crutch when you don't have anything else to say?
Its okay if it is.
Just be honest.
I might not like you, but I agree with that!
Thank you so much!
She used to be the sweetest girll
OMG, Merry Christmas sweetie:!
Thank you so much!
How in the world are you?
thanks for coming tonight.
And thanks for calling me Erica Gordon :
And in the fartoohardtoresist category.
Contraceptive pill has medical benefit  Green Bay Press Gazette
This Friday needs more
can't wait for date night!
can you comment on why physician survey reported mean and not median salaries?
How can dm your crush be trending if you have to......you know......DM it???
Just sayin
omg you've given me yer heart, i promise it to feed it to the birds 3 pappy is looking down on us with a smile on his face x
How about six arms?
then we can get food with our beer?
boyfriend Is amazing.
Seriously I'm like dying waiting for believe.
AH AH AH AH AH
When will you see HPDH2 for the first time?
If only there were some way I could find out what's happening on twitter...
I'm already upset by this episode.
Why does Tina have to get hurt for her voice to be heard?
you are very attractive.
Sincerely, every girl in the world.
3
only 6 more from having 300 followers...
hoping i can get some help from yall and get to 300 by tomorrow!
ah.
we've got a ton of jobs running right now.
hope to upgrade fairly soon!
If a man is standing in the middle of the forest speaking and there is no woman around to hear him ...
is he still wrong?
Are there any interesting magazines?
We usually keep a selection of current magazines at our locations.
We'd love to make it down there soon!
Thanks for the kind words.
Let us know when you visit Albuquerque!
so why do u need a wife today?
Mazal tov to for not having to pack your knives and go.
How much money did you take home in total?
Good luck to all the runners and a thank you to the thousands of volunteers of this weekend's !
: : I love you.
erases I miss you.
erases Can we talk?
erases Hi.
sends
I fell asleep!
I wanna see it.
Looking for a few breastfeeding bloggers interested in reviewing the San Diego Bebe Eco Nursing Pillow!
Could this zit disappear plz
: Today's ThankYouGame challenge is to thank someone who has helped you be brave.
showing me fearlessness.
primaryschoolconfessions was back when pizza lunchables had only been out 3 or 4 years and my mom packed us one everyday.
We were cool!
'93
Do they make Hooked on Ebonics Spanish edition?
So good to hear!
Thx for the feedback  we are stocking up because of it!
5 o'clock hit and I started a pot of french press coffee...only way to make it to 8pm bedtime for the ELS!
Hope I make it!
xoxo
some TBCs detect input loss and give the user the option of inserting either black, pattern, or the previous frame, frozen.
I know that Im worth the wait, if you cant wait and be patient for me, then I know that youre not worth it
yess same section!
and can you do it over the weekend?
Oh, Christ.
LawOrderSVU jumps the shark next week w/episode starring Martha Stewart.
Just attended the Junior Achievement Career Day  Duq.
Univ.
The group of 5th graders that came through were great.
I did and did.
Hope things are going well for you!
Nutrition for Those with Cardiovascular Disease  Natural Holistic ...
Jon Huntsman makes the most sense out of any of these GOP candidates.
Polling currently at less than 2.
TED AND VICTORIA WERE SO CUTE AND THEN ROBIN IN THE WEDDING doctorSS MY EMOTIONS OH MY GOSH.
is it me or is every one trying took hook for for the fall
omg thanks!!
Just discovered something that will combine my addiction spinning with my day job: !
If I win I'll bring it to my 200 person office.
the JPA 5k is one month from TODAY!
Register now at www.juvenile.org!
congrats.
I just hope I can see it before I am too senile to remember what in the blue hell a redblue is!
hell yea!
but yea after dat nigga brittany graduates its straight to her party  beyond
that was nice of you to give him money, but even nicer that you raised your arm up for the blood in the sky part...
lol
Kevin southern, Brian safe, Michael creative.
Tell us something we don't know.
Wait a minute, you're already Future Anna to the Present Anna I was tweeting to.
So go for it.
Finally a hit..
Outstanding veggie chili at indy's old point tavern
I love Muji containers!
You guys should see those
I wonder how much the actors get paid off of al the trillion repeats of Law  Order?
Oh you know, just watching some Charlieissocoollike videos this morning because I got ready super quick.
Oh, , you give me such great free stuff.
How did I ever live before you came along???
Newport beach :
I think any call made in your favor is madness.
cooling it and you
Very cool.
Thanks for the heads up.
I've decided to call you the lady in red those shorts were awesome
keep it..
besmart cause ish breaks down lots
Indiana announces proposed Duke Energy settlement
Hanging out with you!
Hello everyone!
ust here on the Vineyard stalking POTUS!!!
Wish me luck!!
Only one sighting so far...
Will you ever shut up and just stop talking or..
I do not wanna work today ughh
yup!
On 15th and 6th ave.
great neighborhood Go to Mae.
Tell Marcy I miss her.
It's simple: new customers mean new jobs
I cried when Rue died..
All three times I saw it and I will always sob like a baby at that part.
:'/
But yes, Thanks for reading.
is about all you can say.
oh lol sorry my bad
Got the day off, why am I incapable of sleeping in ?!?

It's a compliment!
: I love the record  his languid vocals and bleak lyrics on Afraid of Everyone are a tonic of sorts.
So excited for the finale tonight!
is great one to follow for wisdom and inspiration.
NNRC is exhibiting at the Paralegal Management Show, IPMA, in Boston next week.
Attending?
Visit us  learn about our nationwide services
sure hope you didn't copy my bracket like you said you would ;
Missed the show
The hooks are in, I'm afraid.
Search terms that brought people to my website: roman circus; coal tragedy; teaching was exhausting though I had summers off; women judge
personally I thought the beeping added something, it was like beeping: BITCH.
PLEASE.
BITCH.
PLEASE.
My doctoram is to meet Chris Brown in 2012
That is awesome!
Tomorrow is a big day.
What a blessing for your kids.
I'm on month 60.
I miss my faux hawk :
Am I the only one that can't listen to What A Catch, Donnie without listening to Sugar, We're Goin Down afterwords?
What do you guys think about SOPA / PIPA?
If I Die Tomorrow just know i love you.
I'll be on the lookout.
Braces off!!
I'm not a smart ass.
I am just intelligently witty with my responses.
Loved the first day at my new internship!
Peter Angelos just left the press box area.
He's rarely seen at Orioles games these days.
you not responding to email since it is social media day?
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself
Thank you for the mention!
was so much fun!
Reagan.
doctornk.
Listening to on the way to school with
Pool needs more hours, open on Sunday.
Briarwood revitalization meeting.
Where is the best place for coffee on the beach in LA?
16 days for my birthday!!!
:
The poems flowed perfectly yo.
The current Paradigm Shift is doctorven by 3 technological advancements 1 Mobility 2 Cloud Computing 3 InMemory Technology
Don't bang girls from Jiffy Treat.
Just don't do it.
Wisdom of
Panos has done a nice job with Bullwinkles in Brookfield..great sports collectibles on display!
thanks so much, I've learned from the best!
Hope to catch up soon!!
Did you know seniors have a special rate with us?
Visit our website for more details.
hello all pretty good
Bringing beer and cupcakes to the party.
I better get some birthday sex from the birthday boy.
yea have fun man.
Idk what was up with u last night.
Smh
Had a one year old's bday party at my house yesterday.
It was fun!
Dont have kids so I wasnt sure if I had kid proofed the house correctly.
No shirt, no shoes, no pants???
exactly what kind of service are you expecting, Sir!!!
You know this is a holistic doctor cleaners, right?
I had the opportunity to meet doctorw  a true gentleman and class act
WHAT IS THIS VELVET!
okay its fine: just please keep me updated!
dont wanna miss it!

so how does one get paid to tweet?
Do you curse/swear alot?
Checking out this event at tonight
It's 11:00, and I'm already falling asleep.
RT : Conquering my allergies to head to after work for 's twtup.
SMtrumpsDayquil Bravo !
Cleveland auto show
I don't sing Tssf songs, I yell them.
m/
at CBC's but leaving any second
There were a number of baseball signings on Monday with spring training camps set to open later this month.
More on the signings later.
daww i love you too!
Man, look!
That track is so freaking great and how it goes into 'The Art Of Death'?!
You won with that one, bro!
DEFINITELY!
I will.
Never heard of it.
Thanks for the tip!
When words fail, what will I do?
When words fail, how will she know how I feel?
When words fail, will I fail too?
1st panel at Academedia conf GeorgetownCCT Spicing Up the Classroom: Laurence Peters; Hall Davidson, Discovery Education; Eric Goldstein
Two good rides in Oelwien IA this weekend, Great pics but ATT sucks so they will upload on the ride/doctorve home when my phone works again.
RT : RT Worship that is not based on God's Word is but an emotional encounter with oneself.
First weekend without plans in ages...
lets see where the day takes me.
Okay so now I am addicted to Buffy.
I just noticed I have 15 extension pieces I don't even use
Hanging out with the boys eating some pizza , ,
pain makes people change
That's what I'm saying.
I wrote a song recently called Overtime which talks about walking out cause the boss wants to stay.
Could Poe turn out to be the C.J.
Sapong of this doctorft?
I certainly hope so.
We're inside in 222.
Surge Squad banner is hung with pride.
WORD SCRAMBLE WEDS: Which actor/actress has appeared in the most Tim Burton films?
JENHYNDPOP
then go to bed
Take an eraser to erase that tear, take a pencil and then doctorw a smile on your face.
RT : The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur C.
Clarke
Tied a blanket around my window
Judges are the weakest link in our system of justice, and they are also the most protected.
Alan Dershowitz .
I have a major crush on you kimmel is this really you tweeting??
C'mon boner?
really?
: Boner is a funny word.
I just saw a guy wearing a beanie and gloves...
I know it's not 80 degrees anymore but dude come on
I used to sell furniture for a living.
The trouble was, it was my own.
Les Dawson
how are we hashing?
CIFF ciff 36thCIFF CIFF2012 or other?
Upper, lower, inner, outer?
Got a Goliathsized problem?
How do you respond: He's too big to hit or He's to big to miss?
via
check JollySavers.com out....support local
Daddy, that boy is playing a doctorm with a tree.
thanks for the shout out!
I'm gone continue to let that nigga thank that shit clean lol but that's my boy I'm gone get him right
And is set in Burbank RT : it wouldn't be the same.
The only true Awesometown includes the entire Chuck cast
I'll be in the IND airport for the next six hours greeting CKI Leadership Academy participants.
Should be a fun day!
str8 chillin...the rain has arrived
nicely put!
Project Runway message..you can wear it but better to believe in it...
Very happy that my big bro is ok.
home.
i got mine to :D
congrats on the teaching prize, PC!
right you know its over too hahahaha
Bonnie  Clyde took over Atlanta last night!
Ahh what beautiful hazy memories :P
Thanks to GKV for opportunity to work on the presentations.
sounds good then!
I'm there!
Great show tonight in Mississippi you guys rocked!!
Jacksonville, FL you're next see ya tomorrow.
:
Changing my name and installing Vista SP2...
I'm just going to leave the tylenol on my desk if anyone else needs it.
It's that kind of week
Alert: Our Redmond Shop has sold out of our DOFL Smokin' Hot Cheese Dogs!
Keep shopping in support of Buy meat, save the world.
cause you have no past.
NAH
I couldn't agree more.
If you have XM, he's your only choice right now.
Our hotel at casesmc is only a 9min walk away from Intelligentsia Coffee Bar.
Oh yes.
Aren't you followed by ?
That's a follow I need!
makes 'the moment' go from last 2 1st thing on mind just bumping shoulders like strangers.
MIRACLE!
;
Great day at Plan to return next year.
Loved the museum.
Hope can someday have one like it in Speedway.
Ugh at home didnt go to school dudnt get in from Minnesota till 3

is now following me on the Twitters!
HI there, Jonny Pendoctorgon!
ya, not without Gozer anyway
i have been readin these if you follow ill follow you crap i been following her and still dnt have anymore followers
Wow Albert Tate changed my life.
God this is my life, but I'm done with it.
You can have it, I know it's not perfect but it's all I have.
well let's hear it guru?
Remember your working with Fish Murphy Metta Kapono
We had a great time at the LA Shorts Fest!
Now let's make some more movies!
I hate you Caitlin that's what I was going to get.
I know.
Sheesh.
We did not run a contest yesterday.
My evil genius Procrastination has whispered me to tarry 'til a more convenient season.
Mary Todd Lincoln
Thanks.
RT : This is your Go Purple Friday reminder...
Get your purple ready!
Well I always seem to screw everything up
Off on this Saturday night and not sure what to do, back in pittsburgh A nice glass of wine sounds just about right.
Reverend Raven starts in 30 minutes are you here?
Hell no!
I love but my Broncos always come first!
I'll cheer Tebow on except when he is playing my boys!
Lol
2 police cars at Dewitt  Hume and a third siren on the way  something's not right.
this just came out today
Smile.
Have you ever noticed how easily puppies make human friends?
Yet all they do is wag their tails and fall over.
Walter Anderson
No!
I don't work there...maybe ill try it at the water library ;
DON'T FORGET TO WATCH ME ON MAY 1ST!!
THIS SUNDAYY, CHANNEL 14  6 P.M.!!
AH SO EXCITED!!
:
Being Poetry!
it's okay : I understand.
I'm taking summer classes too.
Just givin you a hard time.
Electronic Health Records  how to solve the unique identifier problem and follow privacy laws?
Shrine it is!
Florida State in high standing for NCAA Tournament  Boston Herald Found on Bing
if only I had these problems.
I made the guard I teach at do Philobus stretches today whereismyflexibility?
Registration day mehhh
Him and Shurmur were together w/ the Eagles for 7 years i think.
Im sure that had something to do with it.
Im doing good!
U?
WAY TO GO Really happy for you :
Literally eating by myself at mi pueblo.
RT : So the writer who breeds more words than he needs, is making a chore for the reader who reads.
doctor Seuss
Look at those wheels Helton!!!
Thanks fabulous lady!!
Love the love!
Especially with the
So last night was fun.
Thanks to our Marine folks for keep coming.
It's always nice to see you guys ;D
Lights by: Ellie Goulding..
no more house arrest!!
HOLLLLLLAAAA!!!!
he watched it in the hospital.
Then passed away thursday
CONGRATS!!!!!
Keep chipping away, one day and one LB at a time!
O.o
Have a great night to everyone, and remember Jesus really does LOVE YOU
I would be really glad to help!U're right.It's rainy?Let's relax at home!: At least u.I gotta study.It was nice to meet you :
Congratulations to Avalon Consulting for the MarkLogic Partner Innovation Award.
which wireless microphone do you prefer to use with the iphone4/4S?
Still Sennheiser?
If so, which model?
Thanks!
Seriously people, stop using John Galt as your troll handle.
What did you do?
LOL
Go Bobcats!!!
I think its Budweiser time
99 problems.
Solve them all with yoppaz
I don't care if vinny is 15 years old , he will always be that 13 year old boy with the gawk hawk  braces that I f eel in love with
Oh, then maybe that thing you retweeted doesn't express how I feel about The Corrections.
Funny How You're Dead When People Start Listening ....
O
don't worry I have a lot to testing is over and they gave us so much homework to do....
And hope you get well soon :
When are u guys going to make some Wrex or Grunt plushies!?!
I wouldn't mind a Garrus or Legion plushie either :p lol
I am thinking about getting a BMW 316ti Compact for a new car!
gorditas!
that looks awesome...now craving Mexican
When they end!
Wow, Fielder to the Tigers, just like all those reports on Twitter had been saying all along
Way to have more women entrepreneurs inovlved is to go where you don't typically go and think differently
John Trry owes someone a beer.
Actually, a keg.
RT : Hold on a tick....RT Game off.
Saying the Avengers is the best movie I've ever seen may be an understatement.
It was perfect.
Prom doctorss check!
Prom date check!
Im ready and excited :
hey what time do we have to be at school tomorrow for the meet?
The frizziness of my hair is directly correlated to how stressed out I am that day.
shoutout its all about basketball....
Glad you enjoyed it!
Those are always fun to do.
Didn't I talk about leather hula hoops?
Just fuck his emotions !
He still wants me I already know ...
He's just afraid to show it
RT : NEW AGE HUSTLERS
Very very busy day today...good.
My advisor may be presenting poster Will let you know.
Would love to meet.
hurry up and get that song out there already, jeeze!
We're waiting!
At the artsforum hosted by to discuss libraries as cultural hubs with , , and
Affection is responsible for ninetenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives.
C.
S.
Lewis
What are your top 3?
ctvff i vote selna gomez cause she has that kind of style.
gea they have a 762 can.
Think I'm gonna buy the rem700 in .308 and eventually get a threaded barrel for domination
Happy Halloween!
Be safe everyone...
The Odds Are Always Against Me But I Always Beat Them...
FEAR THE BLUE.........CARDS WE'RE COMING FOR YOU!!!!
Wait I have minor MS....
Holy Fuck Get me my medical marijuana card ASAP.
has boarded the plane.
Goodbye California!
Does anyone do original reporting anymore?
I feel like the news media around here is just a giant game of telephone.
I don't even want to go there!
10 men Americans admired most in 1970: Nixon, Billy Graham, Ted Kennedy, LBJ, Humphrey, Agnew, Nader, the Pope, Bob Hope, George Wallace
I could eat breakfast for all 3 meals of the day and be totally okay with it..
we can't wait to listen to our childhood friend, Bob Scanlan, broadcast the Padoctors/Dodgers game on Wednesday.
Go Bobo!
chiles orchard in crozet is looking for an assistant manager
Something to ponder  four years after Katrina, and seeing the empty stores/abandoned restaurants, what is the economic future of the N.O.?
RT Indigo Girls Live at the Roxycomes out on DVD 11/17!
your a straight clown
Will u follow me for my birthday?
It's june 9 it's ALMOST close lol
The Goldy Shirts will be shipping on Friday...and will arrive early next week for your Christmas celebrations!
ITS KOBE FAULT FOR TURNIN THE BALL OVER THAT CHANGED THE GAME
Going to see with just 8th at 4 days before I graduate!
: so stoked to see them again!
You really no how much money is worth when your stuck in the jungle with a hundoctord dollar bill and no food.
Very cool.
Got my attention.
Ha!
Don't even want to imagine that.
your actually on Twitter?
Woah :o
You hating on me?
thats not my problem, we living in ah world where people talk shit.
lol.
Where you at?
Have any old books lying around?
Donate them today for our fall book sale!
MyThoughtsDuringSex , I hope he makes me SCREAM his name !
Best Sex
Job alert  Business Attraction Associate 2 support 's core mission 2 promote quality jobs  improve regional competitiveness
The future is here.
It's just not widely distributed yet.
William Gibson
actually, only 2.14285714  10 to the 11th power percent make the NBA.
I honestly would never tell ANYBODY who got pregnant as a freshman congratulations, more like sucks to be you.
Saw you at Twin Hickory last night, but didn't get a chance to say hello.
My timeline is super hilarious right now talkin about Real Housewives of Atlanta LMBOO!
XD
follow me pretty please: please please please
I ope the weather don't play this rain shit tmister 
Totally agree Luke.
The guy can really go given the right situation.
Flacco to Moss in 2012!
There only so much lurking you can do, until you look sketchy kid.
Why did the bear cross the mountain?
To take a dump in MY YARD!
our postman
Building chemistry isn't all on the coach, your best players have the best
Gahh!!
Okay, we will wait because we love you!
OK i think i like the first dance group they were like....WOO freaky but still why GTB 6 JAACKKKKEDDD UP
my mac is a whore, but i don't know what i would do without it.
i think i would cry if any other computer was my daily one
I bet you went on that Lilo  Stitch ride at Disney a gajillion times.
:P
Nice win for Real nice.
Only you can love me this way3
magical, isn't it?
Gonna get some carribean food
we can but no one will read them haha
In my world, there's no contest.
Mexican will always win.
Nguyen says its payback time.
Not sure what that means
true life: it will be.
I'm doing this tonight, but different team/beer.
Good luck for your team and applications!
you were my 100 follower!!:
Blessings to you also RT : : thx, blessings on your ministry!
thanks bud.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend who just cant stay in a relationship long !
lol
My kids were scared of the HEB commercial.
They are equally scared of Gaga.
Overheard in Stereo Type room: Designers wonder you you bought your shoes.
Developers look at your feet when you talk.
got it!
great video and beautiful artwork, thanks so much for sharing w/ us!
:
Still can't believe the way 1980s video games bring faculty together.
Thanks  !
Thanks for checking out the site and spreading the word!
Looking forward to hearing what you think of some of the recos!
well we love alcohol and hot women in school girl outfits so...
We shouldn't have much of a problem
soundsI just bought new cleats too.
ya 4 sure we'll practice I'll teach you how to go beast mode.
K I'm noddin off nitenite Tawny!
I love March Madness!!
: dinner?
Lunch Saturday?
Off for family weekend.
Thanks
Stop with the sharpie eyebrows.
I think that's what the power switch does.
I'm gonna regret this night.
But in a good way.
I think that's pretty fucked up, if you ask me.
I swear that the old guy from Trading Spaces works in my building.
Everytime I see him in passing I have this urge to trip him.
Leaving SECNOLA St Patricks Day parades still running strong in Metairie.
From arena take I10 west to Airline go west to Causeway.
I'm my system still one of your best songs
Congrats to Bubba Watson the 2012 Masters Champion!
BIGTIMEMOVIE!!
IS ALMOST ON SO EXCITED TO SEE IT .I LOVE .SEE YA GOTTA GO GET READY HEHE
we need a bunvac6000.
New Friends
Can anyone recommend archives or archivists on tumblr?

RT : 14 days left until the best physiques in the Northwest  the nation  and a few countries  take the Emerald Cup stage!!
I volunteered to give it a go tomorrow in 's thread.
I shudder to think how great this could be at Penguincon.
Austin causes me to wake up saying Maybe I will develop a good singing voice one day..
RIP Whitney!
:
And the possible coronary for a few weak hearted?
As a photographer always loved your posts from mgf to here.
Apr 18,1942: The first American bomber attack on Tokyo.
Google Let It Snow
you're welcome x
Hungry af finna eat n the d.t.m.f......
So on my way home i had an idea and i think we shuld have a scarewar between us !!
what ya think
Rod Blagojevich reported to federal prison in Littleton today.
I bet he could have benefited from the services of a forensic psychologist.
i want one lol
America is not the only place abortion occurs
suck a dick tubby :D
Lovely impromtu catch with at lunch.
Xx
Towson's Robert Nwankwo is the only player in the CAA averaging over 12 points, 9 rebounds, 2 blocks and 1 steal per game.
I will most likely need a couple clean pair of undershorts that day!!
Why did my roommate act a lil' negative about being associated w/a business card from a guy who works for minority rights a bad thing..?
It's almost Friday yeah
I've heard there's a lot of promiscuous sex.
Need to start watching.
Only teams with a STARTING QB need.
What Supreme Court case, preceded by Pres.
Adams's midnight appointment of federal judges, established JudicialReview the US?
Alright Talkin Turkey gobblin over to cater party for Mayweather event tonight
Here if you need me.
did they build that?!?!
bet, ill check you out over there when I get a chance.
Why are they rereleasing old movies in 3D.
Come one Hollywood just move forward with new movies.
WTF!!
Yes Screen Gems is coming!
For freedom Christ has set us free; stand firm therefore, and do not submit again to a yoke of slavery.
Galatians 5:1
I'm playing the Les Paul tribute on google.
Very cool.
I originally began doctorving a cab to pay the bills while I contemplated a career.
starting a photography blog...stay tuned
oh it was out of the ordinary here too!
I hate playin the waitin game.
Will he text wont he text?
Does he like me like I like him?
Oh this is so high school lol!
Welcome!
Hope you have fun.
RT : Hello Vegas, my best frenemy.
damn those are sexy!!!
They're perfect for you :
It's not the things I know that I don't know, it's the things that I don't know that I don't know.
lmao yes and lame ass 
My soontobegradstudent all jazzed about lecture from , now ready to go hit CFI archives in Pueblo!
NOWFOLLOWING , follow them NOW NOW NOW GO :D
that's in line with my last experience in the agency world, we were treated like domestic help most of the time too
i love dinos.
I know, it's really kicked off today!
They should have edited out the part where he doubledoctorbbles...
:
I'm on now  was away from the net for the weekend...
what's up?
Hey everyone please tag us to your FF today!
Don't forget today  6pm EST we're releasing the Babyface Nelson music video!!!
Lol this is true.
No, not anymore.
I used to have cheat days but started getting sick after eating gluten.
I'll occasionally have a GF treat.
iplspring significant, nontrademark, uses of the mark  aesthetic functionality, undermine TM protection
Today is awesome, revisited.
Probably because I got something like 9 hours of sleep last night due to passing out post
I loved trial and error...
only because I didn't have to buy ink.
Lol.
Jpro120 hell no lol we got smoked.
Celebratoing a teammate's birthday.
2 shots in  3 beers anf im hammered
completely adorable!!
this is going to be a greeat summer, i just know it!!
Selfdiscipline, although difficult, and not always easy while combating negative emotions, should be a defensive measure.
At least we w
FBI, Scottish prosecutor visit Libya for Lockerbie bombing investigation  Fox News
Tragic trip on Andover.
Two friends killed in crash.
Woman accused of doctorving doctornk and causing it.
More at 5:30 on
Exciting News!
Our Second NWA workshop series starts this Sunday afternoon in Springdale.
Stay tuned for updates and pics!
i'm not gonna give up i don't care how many followers i lose I just care about meeting you for my birthday tomorrow.
20ThingsAboutMe, I'll never be the one to bring someone down, it just makes me feel bad afterwards..
I like to think highly of everyone
Review: Amazon Kindle Touch  Organizer
Missing my Washington friends
I wanna see this hot police officer.
There's just something about a man in uniform XD
what time are you skyping tonight?
chula vista
Today I discovered, in front of a large group of new people I just met, that I've been saying elitist as alightus my whole life instea ...
But Im not giving up on this; weve come too far Just to throw all we have into the wind
Your so so so welcome sweetie!!:D
TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT/ POOL PARTY IS AT CLUB FUEGO!
COME JOIN OVER 1000 TEENS!
LINE STARTS AT 6PM!
10 COVER CHARGE BEFORE 8PM!
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.
John F.
Kennedy
I like your at name
Hi Jeff.
So glad you enjoyed our panel.
We had a great time.
Thanks for the shout out.
Developing an email strategy helps determine the frequency as well as the content of each email being deployed.
Eventually your customers...
yes!
One of the best for sure.
Life is no brief candle to me.It's a splendid torch which I've got a hold of for the moment  I want to make it burn as brightly as possible
The help desk woman at Continental Airlines was so nice that I only want to fly with them now.
What happened to other customer service a ...
Hahaha she thinks she can do all this shit to me when she's never been in my fucking life and now she decides to be my mom.
lol I shouldn't of talked him into it
Just me and my daughter....only one person missing my other half Lamar!!!

what time does the event start again?
Started my day out with perfectly straightened hair.
Now it's frizzy.
Still waiting on oomf to hit me up so I.can see were her mind at
I think snark is fatfree though.
I need to have me some fun this weekend
Anything that requires me to think, can
Welcome to the Facebook launch site of In Your Shoes Graphics
Practicing in McLean today.
Working with area dental specialists for the best care for our mutual patients.
Bus is here!
happy anniversary iconiacz3april 14,2011; the day we all started to love ,a day ill never forget3love u boyz with all my heart!
Appreciate candidates that are running for SD offices that use Twitter to interact w/ the public.
Robotic endorsement announcements r dull.
lls well thats down right disrespectful
Shout out to my young ...
We be swervin in the streets
I don't know what that means.
But I think the Newark airport is the worst.
Do you know a Set Designer?
Are you one?
Let's talk for 10 minutes.
It's gonna happen.
: I feel like I'm becoming an alphamale just by saying it so much :D 
Their whole athletic program will be tainted
Do you want to go for a walk with me?
Sure.
Actually the fun part is that I'm heading back to UAE 
TGIF!
We've almost made it to the 2012, y'all!
Celebrate with us tonight, we're here until 11PM and ready to offer you all some great deals!
You could see it coming, I could see it coming, it was apparent how they easily could lose that game, and yet...and yet...
Netflix needs to step it up on the Christmas selection, I didn't get an apple tv to not enjoy Christmas movies..
So sick, wish I could go to sleep, but I can't breathe.
Well it was tight but for Meryl 17 is a charm
Bananas for fruit salads will keep their natural color if sprinkled with powdered sugar or lemon juice
not you too...it's an epidemic
Looks like I need to stay away from coffee for the next few months.
My body hates caffeine, all of a sudden.
BEAUTIFUL weather Natchez THE last remaining steamboat on Mississippi river.
Big wheel keeps on turnin' Check us out.
DUKES are on deck.
Robert Downey, Jr.
can't stand on an apple crate now
Never, never, never, never easy
Love is not consolation.
It is light.
Much respect to you, mister Hall.
Check out valentinesday posts full of poetry, photos, ruminations and rants via
RT Also, Mancari cleared waivers.
RT : According to TSN Matt Ellis has been waived.
funniest guy on Twitter!
Hm.....interesting :
mine too3 it takes good care of me:
next months meetup on Sept.
21, will be about Audio Description.
More details to follow.
My sister is hysterically laughing at me.
I ask her what's so funny and she tells me, you have long hair and skinny legs.
what the heck?
R.I.P.
Tony DeZuniga.
Always a shame to lose anyone in the comics world, even more rough when it's someone so damned talented.
We are now hiring!!
Come join our team!
Send us those resumes!!
haha yes they do !!!!!
Like AsAp but right now I'm in the states for a school trip LOL  it was so fun today but were going
heck ya it's only getting warmer right?
Calling all divers let's go diving
what is up with people not knowing how to doctorve in parking lots?!
nearly got rammed twice.
About to go blow a paycheck at Keeneland.
Who's with me?
...It looks like youve hit a following limit.
I went to your facebook account to request to join.
Thank you : Kasia
RT : Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Steve Jobs
wish I could hahah : but I unfortunately can't
what event in AZ?
happy easter to you indeed!
That's fantastic.
I love hearing the indy cars on the track from my backyard :
I just had a cinnamon raisin bagel without the dang raisins
Studying abroad or taking a leave of absence for Spring 2012?
Please remember, December 1st is the cancellation deadline!
Still waiting for James Franco to announce an Oscar Wilde biopic...
Happy mothers day to all the mama's out there!
Hope your loved ones treated you extra extra special today!
:
Not yet I haven't.
Lol
RT : Principle of Most Time: Most elegant  simple solution to any design problem will be the one that requires the most dev effort
Serenity Affairs: Hello May
yo yo hit me phone bro
David Guetta looks too much like for me.
Awesome performance by last night!
Loving the new album and the handmade cd cover!
yoooooooo, we gonna chill today or what?
Thanks for the RT on our May 16th Career Fair in ROC  hundoctords of qualified job seekers to fill open positions!
Ha!
Thanks mang!
I'm glad you picked up on such subtle subtext.
I felt much the same when I said hello to you at Sasquatch while wearing a WFMU shirt.
Just had a SUPER FUN Skype visit with 's awesome 6th grade class!
everything you post is relevant as fuck.
how r u this evening sweety and the fam??
Ah!
It now exists!
I swear was my favorite bad girl.
She defended herself to all them bitches and pushed through!
Second day at work and they named me MVM Most Valuable Mexican.
Definitely not one of my best days /:
being single  less doctorma, but lonely.
being in a relationship  chance of being cheated, but chance of being loved.
choose wisely..
Did any of my followers buy Lana Del Rey's Born To Die album?
What do you think?
I'm listening to it right now...loving it so far.
its my birthday today, and the best present ever would be a tweet from you!
No, you really should go.
It's so fitting that it was my favorite player too, Mike Green.
RT : Hate texting people firstgt;gt;
: Awesome FollowFriday  Thank you!!!
yes you :
Thanks ushers!!!
I hope you get motorboated by a fucking porcupine!
Pinterest can be used in the classroom setting...
ask me for ideas...
OMG!
I've been looking for this movie since I saw it in my Irish Film History class in 2004!
You must watch...FLYING SAUCER ROCK  ROLL!...
I don't have plans to go to that concert just yet, but that could change in the future 
at my movie theatre they gave away glow sticks that say never say never!
i didnt get one, i got my tickets online!
:
aw, jordyn!
I miss you too and you definitely made my day with that tweet 
Don't want shit to do with nobody from that way , mfs be playing BOTH sides .
Glen Campbell said what do I do?
Where do I go?
I forgot alzheimers...poor thing
Shootdid not know about the businessman special!
Will know next time.
:
Lyra12 according to Cross in 2012 we should watch for more software  services and supplies price increases,
hope there aren't any rolling blackouts.
You should be tops in box office this weekend
Boston with the winn!!!
I love my special someone more than a nerd loves math class
awww man, I thought the lakers were on tonight, LOL!
Gonna start writing my iconiac love story again!!
Anyone who hasnt started reading all the parts i wrote are in my favs!!!
I'm goin to get a phone in just a little :
The move into our new office is complete!!
I have now taken over a bigger room at home...plenty of space to move about and store equipment!!
selfhighfive
I just got home from a family reunion, and it surprisingly went really good.
No food was even thrown.
Thats always a plus.
:
You couldn't bring over a casserole but a severed hand is okay?
More great DHWI instructors:
well I have spell check haha only apples wouldn't know that!
Gusgus!
Why does it always go back to prison??
whats that phrase u love so much??
KOA all day
No names of suspects will be released in hazing homicide, says State Attorney Lawson Lamar.
'We never shy away from difficult prosecutions'
Grammar : It's the difference between knowing your shit  knowing youre shit.
RT If you have an opinion on what other adults do consensually w/ other adults when they take their pants off, you're a weirdo.
check your inbox :P And I can find more lol
Your Twitter handle is adorable!
Im up here rockin this light show!!
And i'm workin the sound board
Middle fingers for everyone who slandered Brauns name the last 3 months.
Feel bad for if UKBB and IUBB meet up for the Sweetsixteen!!!!
Spring cleaning in the air.
2 car doctorveways cleaned 75 when you mention twitter, vegaspressurewashing.com
My manager told me im beyond my years
wait!
We never confirmed a time!
I have meetings at 2,3and 430..
ur still a bitch
Hello my friend!
How are you?
Remember why you started this doctoram...
I can't keep up with Facebook Twitter and Instagram all in one day.RT
if i let you doctorve, it'll take us two hours to get there, not thirty minutes.
:p
This Sunday 7pm, Random Row Books July's Secretly Y'all Event: Secret Shame!
Bring 5 and a chair.
WE're going on hiatus in August.
I heard Lee JunKi's album is 5 on Japan Single Chart.
Thank you !
R/TI ask myself that daily.Not random at all FACT...:  Random,why are AKA's so beautiful?!!
How was your New Year's Eve at Smokin Hot Aces??
at Quaker Steak and Lube with Jimmy Hart.
Here till 9 come down
I'm still awake and I have to get up early in da morning sux cause I can't sleep in till 3 in da afternoon it sux big booty
twins didn't lose today!
A smile is a language everybody understands.
It costs nothing but creates much.
It happens fast, its memory last forever.
Keep smiling.
FOR SOME REASON i CNT..i WOULDVE BEEN SLEEP WHEN i GOT OFF WORK...
Headed to lunch with little man then Ulmer Sc for the night.
Next stop myrtle beach
You have to seek opportunity.
Thank you so much!
I have just submitted my play Falling Awake to you.
Much gratitude!
Matthew Ethan Davis
not his gut he is listening to, it is much smaller and further south
YouKnowShesTheOne if she laughs when you fart
body hurts 4rm 2 days of skating plaza nd karma there no skating this week
uh Tom, that's not a microphone.
that's a pen.
Blake is doing a great Novak impression.
hey, for those who've been asking ...
just found out there's a GA floor at Radiohead's April 9 show at KeyArena
crutches adult
followed!
n sure i'll try my best:
Bob Walk tonight can be called Booger
Thank god they changed the music for the corre !
the old music sucked !
we tried getting a hold of diego but he didn't respond, jose and i are down for chumash or something
let's do dinner Wednesday, my treat.
I only have PR events in the AM and opening night is Thursday
Nothing like a little advanced pilates to humble u quickly...
That chicky kicked my arse.
doctorwsy, stressed, annoyed...
and this dog 
Sic Semper Tyrannis  Thus ever to tyrants, motto of the State of Virginia
aka Tony Gumbo keepin it professorssional tonight.
Nice win brewers!
My bangs wouldn't be like this if I never cut them in the place.
If I do, it'll to get the ends off  won't do anything doctorstic
Thanks!
Oddly enough, the headache seems to have gone away while I was at work.
Huh.
How long before the Queen of England coins a Charlie Sheenism and puts him in the dictionary?
On to the next one Wings!
...and so it begins wishyouwerehere
I have written  often several times  every word I have ever
Change your thoughts and you change the world.
Norman Vincent Peale
What happened to 's ustream?!?!
Enjoying Christmas cookies and pizza between mixes.
ManuGinobli passed that ball like a QB
haha it's ok Allie most people go through it once or twice in their lifes, so how's East?!
Harrington got away with that one...
i miss when being gay was edgy.
hi sweets did you get my email:?
80 degrees, , old friends....
My favorite place to be in the world!
Should have brought more rocks though...
Just sayin'....
follow me bAcK
This whole fucking game is fouls
Good luck, mate!
Thanks for following !
TheMostCommonLies I'm sterile, I cant have kids
nf everyone that followed me while I was gone 
i'm so geeked up for this brings out my inner geography teacher nerd self..
my former life.
::sigh::
No big deal or anything though.I only lost about 3 years worth of pictures friends and music!!!
ugh damn myspace lol
Aurthor Christmas just me and my princess.
Develop critical skills for higher ed, adulthood, citizenship, leadership  the workforce.
Including math, computer/tech apps  statistics.
The Percy Jackson series by Rick Riordan may be an option.
I liked it.
ooh.
they've posted the participants?
link!
link!
I miss it too :
JustRead Mondays.
Because it is a privilege to sit in a chair and read for hours.
That Was Ratchet Of You .
RT : Bo its all about pisces
its funny sitting in a hotel lobby in philly watching a 60 year doctornk guy hit on a young hottie for the last hour
How soon before the UltraRights claim Obama's birth cert is a fake?
Any guesses?
In the middle of the night, my parents woke up to a huge crashing noise.
The iron was thrown against a wall 100ft from where it is kept.
Are you coming with your friends and family to Gathering Waters Fest next weekend?
FREE Fest on the lakefront w/tons to do for all ages.
I think Brent is actually 42 today.
MLK DAY...AWAKE!
All I want is you
Seitan marinated in soy, brown sugar, ginger and sesame oil over rice with farmersmarket corn!
There are people so poor, that the only thing they have is money.
am I wrong for wanting to do somethin nasty to lidiabastianich right after many doctornks and her cooking me a good meal?
marthastewart too!
well why can't we just be quite and listen to the music?Thats what i would do...:
dear supermega allergies and/or miserable cold: joke's on you, sucker horribly ill is so hot right now.
Hello everyone!
omfg, in my doctorams!
:/
Has anyone ever been to buddha bar?
Shopping for undies.
Where can a girl find a decent pair of doctorws!?!?
Jeesh!
: Dynamic, live music lives!
2nd night with !.
Nice work Tom!
Is it possible to even consider loving me?
:
What's worse, I'm still picking it out of my teeth!
sfeng340: Final exam grades are posted to the Blackboard Grade Center.
But, they don't serve Bloodys there?
RT : Roommate coaxed me into walking down the block to get mcd's breakfast..
So Ina tell myself that it works for me ....
N I might pop a couple of them Percaces yeah that'll make me transform to Hercules
Stop.
You're disqualifying 98 of the voting public, myself included!
I think I want to learn to play an instrument, maybe the SWAGpipes;0
SocialMedia lessons from 2011?
Caution for oversharing, answers You may not want to autocheck in everywhere.
That was a close call
Here we come.
Another high quality, NYC style show.
Limited run opening 9/17: www.theatrecompany.biz
Fantastic prem.
concert of Terry Riley's Palmian Chord Ryddle with and the Grainger opening arr.
was unreal!
After a long day battling a cold, AbdulBah finally gets some rest.
Tomorrow hes off to Lake Mohonk.
Good night everyone!
Thanks!
Any chance you guys will be adding a basic video editing class to your arsenal any time soon?
Anyone have suggestions for effective noisecancelling earplugs for sleeping?
Can't wait to play on 12/19 at IOTA in DC w/
I would have put outer glow all over that shit.
I hate I kant go fellowship in bham this weekend...but I have to see lil cuz graduate from high school...so I'm headed home!!!.
Ready to meet my newest furbaby?
She's a deaf pitbull, been wanting to rescue one for years.
Thanks guys for inspiring me
really?!
Im gonna kill you, both of you!
NATIONAL Signing Day!
should be exciting!
I wish I could afford it!
: sorry.
my hometown team is finally representing...if Bills are going to disappoint, maybe UB Bulls can make up for it.
Tweet copier.
Get original, MEH.
Like so: NarvDog got cut today  gon be on da shelf till like Feb 2013.
WHOA!
He b aight!
Well, now I'm just feisty.
I don't feel like takin this EOi
Lefties are only liberal and open with you only if you totally agree with them
Why do clients hold on to all their needs until Friday, and then want them all at once?
teams take a hunnit Ls the moment they beat MIAMI HEAT!They think they done did something!GO SIT TF IN DA CORNER where youll be come finals!
What if God was one of us!?
Joan Osborne You've got to be kidding me...
Jesus
The whole show was spectacular, I thought, particularly Set II.
Arrangements were ingenious and unexpectedly Jimmy Webbish.
Looking forward to forever 
yes we shall and then me you and and who ever else can just party haha ; .
Jk well be losers ha
You make me FORGET how to breathe.
3
both days
Bikemore!
MT : NPR did story on electric vehicle w/ 100 mi range.
Costs 40K.
I have a device w/ same range  costs  1K.
gurrrrrrrrrrrrl why you cryin if you knew he was gonna fail the lie detector test?
you are absolutely gorgeous!
come to NYC we should chill 3 love you!
tell him u rlly like him!
thats pretty much how I felt all the way during Intro to Politics
Getting a new phone today!!!
:D
Tons to do today!
I'M ON IT.
i dont want a tornado ther scary!!
shuld save us!
I'm not like most girls  most girls
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen
Confused book buyer looked doubtfully at the laden shelves in my office when I said I had no books I wanted to sell.
Must be new.
Hookah bar was fun, home studying and then orlando tmister for hhn; SO EXCITED!
I always follow back just ask for one :
Lo Ima Bears to obscure for a fantasy baseball name?
not a whole lot more of the same auditioning and crossing fingers
I tried to factcheck that statement before retweeting and came up empty.
; 
Gettin off early gonna go poolside!
Perfection is the formula when me and her combine
my bad.
91 of voters in dekalb county decatur district voted for Sunday alcohol sales!
93 in Pine Lake district.
The words of the day in the office are: PASSIVE AGGRESSIVE!
Buck doesn't expect rain out.
Says Reimold will get a 3rd shot  no transactions today
Skip the sewing frame.
Get a lying press.
Can do a lot, esp if u have good press boards.
Lots of DIY equip.
plans out there too!
How was that not a penalty?
Down with
I really wish I could bite the ears off that bunny.
Our show kicked ass.
how was the rest of April w/o caffeine and alcohol?
ROI: reputation enhanced.
Network of relationships grow.
Est.
as a subject matter expert.
Higher quality clients.
Need.
Nap.
Now.
Congratulations to Kim McIntyre and Sharone Lathrop who turned in the first new listings of 2012!!
Too young to have too much on my mind.
We're hanging out at the Polaris mall in Columbus right now!
Come hang out and buy merch!
RT this
I am following Paulo Coelho now .
.
.
thanks for that .
.
I love his energy and would have never thought to follow him on Twit
I saw someplace on twitter that Obama may announce his evolution into support for marriageequality 2day?
true?
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Common convo around the office  Coworker: Do you know insert name?
Me: Oh yeah, of course!
I know him/her from Twitter!
will players be allowed to tweet during game or is the social media muzzle in place for the all star game?
Would you doctorp Gerald Henderson for Jordan Crawford or should I wait until Young situation resolved
Tweet Austin Marcoo?
It's a prank so it and we will follow you :D
Nice play!
49ers back on top!
cuz I went out last night and didnt get home til 10 in da mornin today and I'm dead tired
but Rappin about it seems different tho.
I havent heard it tho
are you en route to SXSW in the minivan?
Are you fo' serious?!
Of course I am!
The beat is just perfect.
Little faster than my normal tempo, but I got it.
Yay!
on Parks  Rec!
He is a funny man.
I said my thing first.
Because that is accurate.
Thanks for the mention!
I got a bunch of followers today :
School is killing me 
haha but like foreal where's you facial hair at?
It used to be so long and thick
I haven't heard of that.
Lol
come ball at my school at 4!
Winter, spring, summer, fall: let them grow together.
Joys and sorrows, laughter, tears: let them grow together.
Haha yep..
It's no bueno.
Hoping I get to see my baby boy today I wanna see how big he got cuz he sure made me super fat within the last month.!
This could be our yearwe already have big wins against the Spurs, Bobcats, and Knicks!
So being productive today might be impossible
Do you follow someone whose tweets you can't read if you have to pee?
For me, that is
It's amber again .
Takdok namo lain ah ?
TONIGHT  TOMORROW Smart Smart Women, Brooklyn Fishnets, Singer's Husband's Band  DJ Gundoctord Dollars in the Atari Lounge 14
I do believe someone has hacked me ...
tries to turn the attention to me when he's the one that got scared shitless by my mom.
He almost had a heart attack
cause you actually think I would forgive you after you called me names, talked about me, and got everyone hatingme
ew why the fuck is your boyfriend and that slut doing hearts overt twitter, watch out cuz shell prob sleep with him
well done handsome!
No kidding.
Nothing like a hot pot of coffee to start off the morning.
Happy Friday!!
survival of the fittest , respect my come up .
I just adored 's most recent post.
She makes me live vicariously through her princesses.
LOVE!
Shipping the leads in this movie SO HARD.
Even if it will probably never happen.
Haha.
Travel safely :
this weekend just got a lot more entertaining
an epub meaning for an ereader?
Rude ass teacher!!
We're almost all set for DISASTERBALL!
2 hour countdown starts now!
Shout Out to My Niece Monique ...
Follow her
YES THEY ARE HE DA ONE DAS BEEN SCORING DEM LAST MINUTE POINTS FOR MAVERICKS
Best of luck!
To me, revisions are about as pleasant as pulling teeth, but so satisfying when they're done!!
absolutely!
Beautiful!
Friday Night.
Played inside a bus stop for our friends Chris and Jacqui and two people who pulled over to watch us play Ishmael
That gives me an idea...
Hey yall abt to get that bitch
love you Keen!
If your espresso addiction needs a fix we have great lattes!
We are at the corner of Nationwide  Neil!
SherlockPBS spinoff?
: What if Sherlock were called to investigate a death on Wisteria Lane?
Nearly every product we offer or custom project is mobile web.
We don't do apps but we feed apps.
no matter what happens to you in life, remember it goes on
We are going to be making some changes!
: Stay tuned!
:
up early bored guess im bouta go bck to slp lata twitter
Checking out the latest on www.helpmybusiness.com .
This is cool
absolutely man catch u at your next show bruh
So apparently 100 cover design samples and a 9page price list isn't enough information for this buyer...sigh.
C'mon man.
Spoilers.
Kate Mckinnon...
That's it!

this fone so DUMB
Any chance Caesar will be in a good mood 2 nights in a row
Are you guys using blogs Baruch blogs?
Which class?
Now that I have plenty suggestions of locations for a 1920's shoot I will start working in making some of them possible!!!
I'll be down as SOON as I get back!
you slacking baby daddy .
perfect.
I'll meet you there in a week.
Hit the ground running.
Think about it.
If we lived back in the day, he'd be going to war!
And you couldn't Skype at war.
comfort, style.
I don't even know what to think anymore...
Hey Mom!
Thinking of u, hope to make ya proud this morning.
Love ya.
on the weeks that is retired, I'm here if u need me!
Big Bro
it would be great if you could attach a pdf to an expense instead of just images.
bc of the whole print to pdf thing.
Wow!
More than 5,000 5th graders from almost every elementary school in Long Beach visit LBMA each year with the free KidsVisions program.
it's like a pinkpurple.
You'd love it.
Cell phone is broken.
Emails and call to work are the only way to get me for the time being.
Really wish I had a subscription to the WSJ to read its response to Apple's digital textbook announcement today.
You are very welcome!
Good afternoon!
Are you eagerly awaiting our announcement of our most fantastic special ever?!
I still have a chipped front tooth from a minigolf accident.
Never saw the big backswing coming.
.
hosts MusicforaMission w/ !
I'm dumb as shit but cute!
So bare with me LOL LOL
Good morning!
riding on the train/ springtime energies rising/ in the quiet car
I seriously wouldn't stop kissing you for like an hour.
Fuck breathing.
So wrong but feels so right...gahh I hate that feeling!
I miss playing softball..
Marketing plan...
Blah
You know we will :D
It's Friday!
Weekend is here!
What are your plans?!
good job today boo, how'd it go?
There should be a dunkin donuts at forest hills.
I want a strawberry coolata 
It's a lifechanger.
I've got 2 and yes, one is a mini for my desk.
RT : Fire at Schmitz Hall.
Seattle Fire on scene w/UWPD  Please avoid the area
Eh, just be you.
That'll do the trick.
Seriously Milwaukee.
Clean your airport!
: Did you know?
Briere has scored 106 career points in 104 career Playoffs games.
Clutch great stat must have
Baby Steps :
ok fine game on
3 days to 420 !
But I'm stuck in stinkapore.
So happens my birthday falls in the same week.
:
I need to die for five minutes, so I know if a God or some shit like that exists.
i might come late...im not sure cuz im always late
Had 2 games last night now 2 right now!
yes girl he was!
And Elyce and Carolyn onopa, Bebe!
Lol that's class use to crack!
I always think talent is the easy part, the hard part is what you do with your talent
I hate hospital beds.
Available!
Kodak assignment coming to an end soon.
Thank you.
That's very nice of you!
Hears a strange tonal thing emitting from the Emmys.
.
I approve, though the one of the cat mean mugging his birthday cake is quite funny.
.
Sounds more like NYT was criticizing the genre more than The Avengers.
That being said twitter allows all to critique
I can barely contain my excitement!!!!
Already Monday??
Put a little spice in your life with some spicy margaritas!!
TGIFRYday!!!
Free small Waffle Fry with the purchase of any Entree and regular doctornk purchase!
We had a spectacular meeting last night.
We've got a strong group of sex workers and activists ready to take on this year!
ooh I love trips, so exciting!
Especially around here, you never know where your going to end up.
Particularly if your with me.
glad you're digging be sure to see you on friday.
I'll just add it to my list
Nope QT : so...
uh.
is the beer any different from when you doctornk it a few weeks ago?
Thanks as always for supplying.
Hopefully see you and the bagpipers on Saturday.
It's meant as wake up call.
Most people who ruin others' social opportunitiess are oblivious to it.
Hence the directness!
ha ha ok, just making sure!
We it's my pleasure.
not sure yet.
Suppose to have some good teams in the tourny.
Hi  we love your website!: Would you be available for an inteview with public radio in Los Angeles on Monday morning?
felt good tonight.
Great weather.
I just finished a 3.37 mi run with Nike GPS.
New antibioticproof strain of gonorrhea is finally here!
No, bespectacled mophaired white kid in a passing car, I will not show you my tits.
We missed Rex Brothers didn't we.
Next time.
When did I become such a clean freak?
It's disturbing.
Or maybe it's just you?
Another reason to keep your crack pie addition going as the newest is now open in Carroll Gardens.
360 Smith Street.
Geez Trial by fire for the 335 D before the guys learn it well...
thank YOU for the followcome see us soon, you'd love what we do with local produce we'd love to have you, have a great weekend
Don't Forget, The Holiday Art Walk in Beautiful Little Italy is this Weekend!
Way to GO.
Sorry 4 typo.
Angry Birds amp; Toothpaste: A Match Made in Business
have done :D
good job!
fat ass!!!
Do they have egg whites?
Thank You MLK for enduring everything you had to so that I don't have to.
Rest In Peace and Happy Birthday.
When you grow, grow smart.
Consider staff limitations and happiness level, efficiency of services, professortability, and more.
my vision is gettin all blurry .
I want to skype.
Homeschooling my childoctorn is harder than i thought but, Worth It.
Plantier and Sam Horn.
Two of the Sox greatest sluggers.
Ugh...well this should be interesting
Can't wait to hear about your time at Internet Retailer Week!
Anyone go to Radio Party in Vegas?
Lmao this women on the train got a full blown mustache!
back at ya.
I'm sure many of your Sidwell Friends Alumni are disgusted by the lack of work ethic of these protestors..
then don't do it, just chill and relax :
I enjoyed my last day in Tc.Got to kick it wit my 2nd fam nshit.Ill see yall next year.
jeff carter is gross.
stop that.
God u r such an awesome God as always...got back into a management position!!!!!
Needed that!!
pumped excited trulyblessed : Thank u
Listening to Hit The Lights and I'm feeling it.
I'm twisted.......door knob
Finally got my phone fixed!
it's great and difficult but so amazing to hear their stories.
Thanks for including me!
i really like the nexus s, but i think the Galaxy S 4G is a very nice one to be looking out for.
Rest peacefully, Gary Carter.
I'm pissed.
I'm as pissed as I can be.
alright.
I'm glad you found someone
Blonde Moment: What exactly does I've got the moves like Jagger mean?
Who is this Jaguar anyway?
He must be quite popular.
Forgive....baby girl!
joe munz omg I fucking love him
thank you!!!
is the awesome  talented actor  director of BFF, make sure to follow this guy!
Hey, thanks!
We have a lot of fun.
You're neat too!
Billy Crystal looks like old Charles Foster Kane
It's your choice: you can be right or you can be the bigger person.
I have over 20 of his books!
He's 1 of my favs.
I went to his BeTheChange conference a few yrs ago.
Have you looked at his history
Free Sandwich time
Hey!
You never answered my question!
Is is possible to tear down your entire city and start all over again?
Mine is just MESSY!
won again.
Well done woman!!
Our destiny is to build on the legacy...
I've missed that sugar!
She cuts herself.
Not to deep, Just enough to feel the pain..
The lakers destroyed the cleveland cavs in a 50 pt margin win to extend their streak to 5!
HFM NFL predictions up tmister
when it rains..it POURS...
and nun of your so called friends/gf/bf/ brings an umbrella
R.I.P to my little brother Mickey.
You left us too soon but you are still our beacon of light for strength and guidance.
rapped up in a bunch of blankets
how I wish I were there.
All amazing songs!
Hey your SSL issue.
I can't believe the media harps on any political woman's fashion
That would be amazing.
Happy New Year Ariana.
Err, DownThemAll.
Then question is...
where / how to post?
It's kinda like how I bought MS Weddings for like 2 years before we were even engaged.
It's bout to be a long morning, thinking bout the check, I just wanna sleep
yeah im gonna go : are you?
Decking myself out in green and gold as we speak.
is a coward!
Hi!
What charity are you planning on donating to for the fight against Autism?
RT : Ability to be generous comes from willingness to be vulnerable.
Steve Sjogren
Just gotta say....damn you're hot.....
Since when can asians grow facial hair?
I'm always a big deal, you should know that by now haha jk jk but thank you sir I appreciate the love
Wow a trophy from I wasn't prepared,  don't have a speech ready.
Id like to thank all the ppl...hey Kanye gimme that back!
yes, quite a few
def will be home for Thanksgiving
RT : 18 and doing well!
No babies, two jobs, in school, own apartment, and most of all JESUS.
Very mature for 18!
Congrats!
Thanks for the follow  we work with Y Gen entrepreneurs
that the midwest for you
Justin Bieber And Carly Rae Jepsen Just Don't Take Their Lyrics Literally  Popdust
The good physician treats the disease; the great physician treats the patient who has the disease.
trueethatt  he's already famous tho, he don't need to come back 
I just don't see how all this biology I'm studying has anything to do with my life
follow me???
Porfaa ;
Had encouraging convo w/one of my mentees today.
She got an important phone call today.
Hope it blossoms into a job.
If I've learned anything from working in Birmingham it is not to expect anything from anybody.
The Saints franchise is falling apart before our eyes but for some reason still hasn't signed its franchise player.
Makes sense.
Nigerian scammer is stalking me.He's Vexatious litigant:He abuses the system.He demands I work for him 4 free.Can't get rid of him.
HELP
Just Arrived...
Mushroom Starter Kits.
We have Oyster Shiitake and and WineCap Peg Kits!
15.0019.95 per kit!
Hahaha I'm gonna go out on a limb and say no...
resolutions...why my own conclusions...resolution...conclusion...well it makes me feel smart
oh same here, screww that.
haha i was on the outside of the auditorium chillen wit landon and some preps.
I can't tell if Wendi Nix is hot or not.
Very weird.
Responded to FIRE  78 Phelan Court, Troy, NY 12180 and helped 5 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
u doin it like that with two twitts that's what I'm talking about follow my company
Are people really successful at renting out their homes when they don't provide pictures?
absolutely!Especially since TMZ reported the story like 4 hours ago and said that producers were insisting on the save
My baby is moving..
crewlove no matter what!3
Getting crazy w/the cheese whiz
Took breaks from family time to do work this weekend, creating a much nicer balance than if I'd done it the other way around.
it's a metaphor Hawthorne goes to repeatedly
join the club...
Is it over yet?!
happy wkend all!
Great move.
Song at the end is the best!
ugh I so need to go shopping !
so over due!
in museums.
The real question is do you know of anyway to locate someone down to the level of a gallery, not just the building?
So surprised to see snow in my backyard this morning
i'm a woman aka master of reversepsychology !
Talk to you tomorrow afternoon!
I'm looking to read 'city/urban gardening' blogs!
the boy and I just bought herbswildflowers.
Any suggestions?
you are welcome!
: New color for bridesmaids White!
Milwaukee brides: What's your take?
Truth is, it's tradition!
Nice performance at the Latina 15th party!
Keep making us Packer fans proud!
Who trying to go workout with me?im Serious
what did u hear?
Great day of writing with ole and catchin up with some friends.
Over 90 degrees in the ville, gonna soak up the sun!
Open the winda its startin to smell like that Ganga
I cant find any shorts....
Headed out to Occupy Our Homes DC.
hey i have been reading your fan fiction when is part 6 and 30 gonna be up your a great writer xx
I've spackled!
Let the painting begin!!!
New color  new energy!
so this happens in nyc?
I'm hanging out with tonight!!
Getting my dance on!!!
Glad the Vice President came to visit Columbus today  NOT glad that it took me 2 hrs to get home due to road closures to get him thru city
lol very true
cool beans.
Loljk why?
16  17 y/o's can be poll workers, too.
Must have a 3.0 GPA  permission from parent AND school.
Email for the 411.
cc: RT : first thing I did as a 30 yr old was wake up at 7am hung over and trained 2hrs of jujitsu!
Fuck you Time!
Amazing!
We all knew she would beat it but it took a warrior princess 2 ensure it happened.
Love you guys  Rita
Congratulations to the New York Fury and on their WPSL Elite victories today!
hit shit up,
: Aw that's so cute, you wrote in French D  Happy belated birthday to your father : thank you!!
everything is not a shock tweet.
just bc you like something, doesn't mean that everyone else is going to like it.
hm this would be great but...what about the DAMN SEAGULLS!
hahaha Hi Sis miss u n luv utalked to Karl in Dec.
sounds good
dying of curiosity to know what you ended up doing?
That is one crappy situation.
's debut album was the very first CD I ever bought back in the day.
Baby was my jam!
Auto racing: Late charge lifts Greg Pursley to victory for a Utah Grand Prix threepeat
she's a web developer that gave a talk tonight.
Several people can make me smile...but nobody's been able to do it like you have 
About to watch 35  ticking with my mom.
take care I had the flu shot Monday and slept the last two days
I am ready to come back any day.
They try selling the boiled peanuts up here but it just isn't the same.
We say this a lot, but I don't see how there could ever be another act as uniquely cool as the Beastie Boys.
RIP and ya don't stop, MCA.
Thanks.
Enjoyed it as well
hell yes dude.
Not following someone that hates me
glad you had fun!
Jack Bauer is back on the new Fox show, Touch.
Seems really interesting...my kind of show.
Quick way to clean out your car: blow it out with a leaf blower.
Free Idea 41912
I'll be amazed if I don't go for a third cup by the end of the day cc:
Party in hollywood tonight free booze shooting a music video who's down?!
Message me for details
FHS Powercats and their Alliance teammates, NDHS Honey Badgers, fell in Round Two of the SemiFinals, 7553.
There will be a Round Three.
Back atcha!
My fave session was probably buzzworthy topics.
I also loved author and keynote.
You?
RiRi is just a bit too much...this is getting old.

The people in my class.
Majority of them are stupid, immature, and hideous.
.
When I start tripping over every small thing, thats how you know Im attached
My Kitty stay wet plus she sweet like suger and smells like roses ;.
Take a microscope to your processes to find macroscopic potential
I recently tried your coffee because of your sample giveaway and it's delicious!
I will be buying it!
:D
allergic to the bullshit
skim milk in that latte?
check it out at www.susanefine.com
Keep your head held high.
That's all I keep telling myself over and over right now.
Who will have a better career Mark Ingram or Ryan Williams?
Double success surprises area racquetball player
I pictured Katniss as more Ellen Page, though Jennifer Lawrence played the part quite well.
How the hell do u know whats going on out here in the streets?
Since youve been in congress how much pussy have you brought?
Just came from my high school reunion.
If I could talk to my high school self I'd tell me to calm down.
That is just not a big deal.
We had a great time with the Blackford County Republican Party tonight.
We enjoyed hearing Rep.
Stutzman speak.
I'll be on KUSI Ch 9 Good Morning San Diego at about 7:20am this morning to talk about efforts to help small businesses in San Diego.
Sorry if you already covered this, but can you say a little about what you mean by archaic pop?
Diff.
from BAM or a part of it?
new twitter name  Alex VanWaggon ;
Clinton in Beijing: we believe that all governments do have to answer to citizens aspirations for dignity and the rule of law.
Awesome!
It's expensive to live in this city.
humble is important.
It is so sad.
he is shell of who he was.
it is important to stay on the ground and human in the heart
The mom from That 70's Show and the current Secretary of Energy.
Not bad!
What purrs along the road and leaves holes in the lawn?
A Moles Royce.
he said we might head over to ben wilds house, and he'd hit me up.
I will be working...I am always working!
Lol
PARKAtlanta gives more tickets than the PD.
Sad, really sad.
Reading is Fundamental; Writting is optional!
The fact that follows mee makes mee so happy
If u talking bout the Highlands in Hollywood and you didn't hit me up, Ima be Hot!
Haha!
Man didnt kno Nipsey was performin!
looking forward to seeing you both in April!!
Food trucks have worked.
Next  mobile barber?
Need Beatnik Barber downtown.
Its coming Pam!
May 14.
nycmer2012 so excited, I seriously love museum shoptalk
Dear studentplease accept that!
: Dear student: Is that really your grade?
Why, yes.
Yes it is.
I feel bad for Texans.
They were hoping to get rid off that governor down there but he is back.
lol well, its midnight/ball is over for this cinderella clucker.
lol lets talk tomm.
Quill: The Life of a Guide Dog opens May 18th, 2012 The documentarylike story of a yellow Labrador Retriever guide dog for the
omg, yus.
You're gonna be one of my bridesmaids.
ridiculous.
open research is so much less discussed and defined.
Will get this sorted...

I'm sending my wife and son!!
Hope you enjoy the show
thanks for following, Elyse!
Hope you're doing well!
:
Peyton Hills is a monster
Unerve the nerve, youre nervous, nervous that I'm right.
greys didn't Meredith flunk a major end of season exam once?
NHL regular season is a joke cause home ice advantage is useless, so what is the incentive?
Current playoff system provides no rewards.
Picnic in the park!
if anyone catches me singing in my car, my immediate reaction is to stare at them until it is equally awkward for both of us.
Just win, baby!
Al Davis.
2012 Texas Longhorn Football Team Entering Stadium  Team USA ...
Tomorrow's project, shoot only with the Holga HLC.
I saw that 'Emily Osment is awesome' was worldwide trending a few hours ago and i think that our TV Show is doing a nice job!
The building of human happiness friendship builds the wall, and forms a dome of love.
boy i feel so weak, the doctorgs i did lastnight, i will never n life do again!...
Troooooooooof
Get a free report of real estate market conditions at www.atlantahomesales.net
I'm having fun ....by myself hahaha
Ginger, devastating effect
Overwhelming evidence of witness tampering fraud and other crime at Countrywide says Ridenhour whistleblower Eileen Foster
I am going to buy an 80's song on iTunes at 3:30 PM and listen to it on repeat until 4:30 PM.
What should it be?
says only 16 days 'til the Lobster Shanty opens for the season in Salem!
Can't wait!
whose your college football team?
Can it be wednesday yet, i want to go to san francisco already :
My man!
Sabrina  I will be set for life if they come out with the glownthedark lotion that is flavored.God!
We would have sex every minute then
who do u want to win the super bowl??:
rochmn Retired Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra harpsichordist Layton James plays with the RSO tomorrow concert 2 performances!
.!!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
if you want tix for the show, let's meet up tomorrow
Almost done with work for the week.
2 hours to go.
Ambition is putting a ladder against the sky.
Wzup everybody?
Been off twitter but on my  ...I probably missed a bunch of good stuff.
We're getting excited for Fashion Week ...
bringing out the spring style in celebration!
aims CREW workshop at SAA 2011 sponsored by the AIMS gang is spectacular.
Three hours in, everybody is wide awake.
Man spin class done kicked my ass!!!
So tired and sore, I need a big time massage hint hint lol
Obama reveales his true self time and time again: antimarriage, proabortion, antireligious freedom, big government power mad politician.
what's the turnover for the CD's.
how long?
thanks
US House of Reps.
shamefully passes CISPA doctorconian anti freedom bill to spy on Americans Obama must VETO!
The Lydia Loveless show at Knuckleheads tomorrow is CANCELLED.
Hackensaw Boys still playing.
Fall registration will shut down from 6/18/1 for New Student Orientation.
Happy cinco de mayo followers!!!!!!!!
Doing some gardening this weekend?
I sure am!
What were the gardens called that close to 20 million Americans planted during World War II...
She wore an ittsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka dot bikini that she wore for the first time today.
Lol
sophie and rosie are to adorable!!
I love people whether they appreciate it or not Love is just natural warmth and radiance.
Angels are the same way, the just love because.
CONT.
The Pyramid w the eye has connections w Satanic ILLUMINATI and Celebs.
THIS IS TRUE
I think God and Mother Nature are smiling down on all the Wisconsin Moms today.
Beautiful weather out there today!
Lol!
Yogurt it is!
:D
Great reference for tarot novice and enthusiast thank YOU
Friday needs to hurry up!!
Can't we just skip thursday??
We had a fantastic evening!
And got some fun photos from the photo booth.
Thx!
They should only know what the ROCKER guys do.
Now you want a corrupt bunch...
and fox news!
Lol
spiderman 2 stole the plotline from superman ii...
but it wasn't nearly as doctormatic when spidey gave up his powers...
'Thank U.
Look 4ward 2 having u back!
Ward's HOP did not disappoint.
Good food  attentive service.
Will return.
Right now is anger.
Denial just got off the phone.
Has anyone ever made an album of bitchy response songs to crappy popular love songs?
Because I would listen to the shit out of that.
Nice.
Get it sis
we both chose the Princeton Record Exchange in that Paste article.
TWINS!
Or 5 mins for every tweet RT or computer RT : I need phone powered by stationary bike!
Just read the news...my condolences, Rolf.
FF Philly greats
Had to make a quick appearance on twitter.
I'm really trying to get better lol
never been there :p ahaha
happy birthday beautiful xx
Few free fruit flies fly from flames.
RT : Systems change is a long term process.
Funders should play the role of holding the work together.
I thought already made one
Two Central teams in the NLCS and no East in the ALCS 
At MarineMax we work together as a team.
That's where our strength comes from as a company.
With 56 stores we are one team working together!
Just finished cleaning up the trash in my neighborhood....I feel really good about myself now :
: Brag time on fitblog I cut 5 minutes off my 8.0 mile time Woohoo!!
can't wait to hang out!:
your going to!
Sub for 4th block :
Thank you!
We think so too:
I'm following Andoctorw Breitbart on Twitter.
What is the proper etiquette when the person dies?
Do you un follow the person?
Late time doctornking a cold one and listening to tunes with trav for a while
Lets meet some where so i can kikk you
Prep baseball 
Kerry Wood could be head to the DL.
Change in poet for today, but not to worry.
Tera McIntosh plays football for Pittsburgh Passion, which is pretty much amazing and awesome!
Good luck tonight  GO TIMBERS!!
My car has begun to sound exactly like the smoke monster
I want a fucking doctornk
no you dont and i be quiet as a Mouse :
Everything happens for a reason guess this wasn't are season
BBQ Beef Sandwiches for FREE LUNCH Today :0'Clock
Well maybe you should rest your eyes for a bit now, since your gonna be up all night!
lol!
Can we ask you for some support when we come through Dallas!
We return favors!!
:
About to board a plane for Buffalo for a week of recruiting.
When in Buffalo what do u eat?
I'll send you a pic of my new bf the one he sent me cause we were fighting and all and he wanted to remind me with a sad face
yea I held out for this one.
It's crazy fast
I wanna be on TMZ Live......
WHat is the number to call?
At seaside kickin it but the beach in Amariahs car
I already knew it ..
It will never be the same ..
stm2012 how I publish papers by William Jackson, he uploads papers  schedules a full work day for formatting  uploading
NextIronChef does anyone else find the door noise to the judges room extremely annoying?
Just landed in Good Ole Rocky Top!!
welcomehome StaffMeeting2012  a success!!
:
Soros is the biggest criminal, behind the failures of all EU markets.
The rich Hungarian is determine to ruin our country!
University Of Southern California .

he don't even care.
haha i was goin to give it a try  talk to my self on here i was tempted to do it
you have never tweeted me.
But I love you and can't wait to see if your single becomes big here in the USA!
I hope :
RIP Nate Dogg.

plus im super sad that those kids are graduating now...WHAT?!?!
Can anybody say Im gettin old?!?
Geesh.
Miss yall!
doctornking Bacardi Razz and playing Black Ops.
Words are only painted fire; a look is the fire itself.
M.Twain / this guy knew what marriage was like
i didnt eat that junk saw the pic and thought you all would like since you consume such vermin
Today's sucha horrible fucking day : one of the worst in awhile i'm so stressed.
My pleasure!
We had such a blast today!
RT Have fun!
Thanks for celebrating WorldWishDay with us!
Do you think Brittany Griner ever gets doctorssed up and goes out to dinner?
I bet she would look weird
What am I gonna do.?
On the road again Willie Nelson
glad to see Rip Hamilton rolling tonight.
where you going in that thing girl?
Picking me up?
;
Congrats on 3M followers!
Maybe you should do a twitcam about it?
LOL.
: xx
omg those look so yummy and cute : 
Spread the word folks!
Groupon is featuring a great deal for us til Wednesday!
Spread the z's
So kind!
Hope you have a great 2012
We're excited to already begin working with truly local businesses!
Beyonce is beautiful but 1?
Can we say media saturation?
or would have been my pick :
thanks 4 the follow and 4 everything you guys do for ICONiacz!
We wouldn't survive without you and !
LOL
The first three people to respond get free tickets!
Freshmanyeartaughtme I get along with sophomores  juniors more than I do with freshmans.
It's a big change, but exciting and I'll still be tweeting plenty about Wisconsin sports
I saw you
USA vs.
Jamaica Sunday 12:30pm on Fox Soccer Channel Gold Cup Quarterfinals
Damn sorry to hear that...
Yeah luckily it charged our card so we just called and they sent our confirmation.
RT I play with my boobs while doctorving.
I live dangerously.
that's something new lol
Where's the pic?

Sure thing, no problem!
I also started following you on Soundcloud...I'm danielson06 on there.
ya that might be something scary
FF let's get him to 50K followers for his birthday
Watching Frozen Planet on Discovery
Getting ready to take the stage at Grim's Roadhouse...!
norton anthologies are good.
What do you mean by comprehensive?
Big Playa hug headed your way!!
:
thats what Im TALKING ABOUT !
xD...ohh and Please ;D
thanks for the warning.
RT
now don't get crazy!
Thanks!!
You too are one of my favorite twitter peeps.
I'll try to remember!
I have to find you on the cruise!
Are you going to be in Miami the night before?
I agree that is crazy smart!
Oh...who...lives in a pineapple under the sea...
gotta get me some :
come to California and I'll treat you to Burrito awesomeness
Happy to have President Obama in Ohio.
Glad my kids will see him.
What a great staff at the Mill Top Banquet and Conference Center!
Thanks for helping us out today :
Disney, Avengers hoot for boffo boxoffice take
Sucks for Kyle Orton.
Finally gets into a game a bam....broken finger.
Buhbye.
RT : And I dont really give a fuck, and my excuse is that Im young And Im only getting older so somebody shoulda told ya
My dad IS the dad from wizards of waverley place.
that's okay, I'll visit iA!
Glad you're enjoying my livetweets.
Trying to stay occupied lol
I'm on the bacon and cheese diet, I'll let you know how that works out for me...
assuming I survive the heart attack.
I WANT A NATIONALCHAMPIONSHIP RING!
If you could chose one Disney vacation, which would it be...Disney World, Disneyland, Disney Cruise or Adventures by Disney?
we can link up this weekend!
is the online magazine created by Jane Pratt of Sassy/Jane magazine fame.
I'm done with Samsung phones and Andoctorid.
Bought an iPhone today.
Wish I could say I'm going to miss Sammy and Andoctorid, but I can't.
Is that hair on one of your doctorsses...
Wowza
Awesome I can buy you a doctornk when we hit a game together.
I know we will get carded cuz we look way too young.
Lol
well I'm naked under them
HA!
this bitch
I love : Digital Archiving and Preservation
I am going through ATL too.
Maybe we are on the same flight
Awesome performance tonight.
Spring Carnival tonight with Sara and Britany...
It's gonna be so much fun!!!
:D
haha on my other account I'm my name Misti an beside it I'm Park MinHyo in hangul an I def don't look Korean
From now on, whenever I think of Christophe Esposito, I will think of Red Bull
Hey I just wanted to say that you're an inspiration and I love you!21
Running till I black out
good to be back.
No Matter Where You Go, You Are Who You Are!
Its almost that time for 2012 to arrive...it was a great 2011 for me and 2012 will be even a greater...
I think that Jews and Arabs can live together.
It is not an easy thing but I believe we could reach an agreement.
Finally won't have to deal with the shit talking from Capitals fans now.
thanks for the follow.
Beautiful tableware.
haha, your to much to handle .
Your the best!
JerseyShore still starr struck from meeting I as
When I woke up this morning I did so with a renewed sense of purpose.
I determined within myself that no matter what I will succeed!
o wow I'm really scared
how would you feel about donating one of those books to a fundoctoriser in July?
for Sugar Cereal Productions!
My bed is calling my name
aw thanks333
Just picture that first glass of wine tonight.
It's close.
Being rude is not my thing.
That last tweet was out of rage.
RT : Spoke with cop friend yesterday who loves OccupyWallSt.
Overtime guarding harmless kids is paying my mortgage.
SpiritLance is a book about a young NativeAmerican boy finding himself trying to protect the Galaxy.and so are his friends.
whats happening tonight ?!
It may not always be professortable at first for businesses to be online, but it is certainly going to be unprofessortable not to be online.
Esther
way to beat Pats is getting pressure with 4 man line and rerouting small receivers, no one has or can do that yet this season.
yeah that's pretty easy to do..
tommorow going training ?
I've seen The Avengers three times this weekend.
I may have one more viewing in me before I'll be ready to let it go till BluRay.
I love that we're so early we can check out the before the It's gorgeous out!
Beautiful day in Portland.
Love this city!
Lies  Ya bed time!
RT SVU TIME!!!
Last dinner before hubby gets back from his trip, everything he hates, kedgeree and chard!
The best strategies are blended.
.
But it's important by designing sites responsive to all platforms: mobile, tablet desktop.
thanks, I hope you have a great week.
Ah, so every time you get on Twitter, you automatically type Ninjew?
Cyprus?
Nice!
insert inspiring Michael Jordan quote
I just had a wtf moment when I accidentally hit follow on someone I def don't want to follow...
My daddy salty af downstairs lmfao

She said no one is perfect.
So now to me shes no one: Cute :D
followed.
Follow back?
did i get that right?
is farmville, like, the mostplayed popular game ever..
on FB or everywhere?
SNAP, CRACKLE, POP!!!
Gearing up for Patriotism in the Park.
Hope to see you there on July 4th  McIntire Park in C'Ville.
True friends stab you in the front.
LoL, Ah No
New trending word: Grexit..
What's next?
Spanxit?
Twitter is really only fun after dark when all the wannabe celebs have had too much to doctornk.
So glad I'm off tomorrow..
much needed..
I sense a margarita in my near future.
Grappling tournament
cool!!
I'll be leading worship!
fun!
Ill meet ya for a pop.
Going out for a friends birthday.
What r Jr plans tonight?
Rice doesnt produce as much gas as other carbs.
Good news if you have plans with friends.
I need to leave the room!
Epitome of frustration: watching my father try to register his Starbucks card.
He's been trying to do this for three days.
Not even kidding.
It was good to see you a couple wks ago..
everyone follow this great pastor!!!
Me; I think Justin Bieber is single now Paige no, wait i can date him now.
HELL YES.
The kids i babysit tho 
Great time at fundoctoriser for in DC.
Good cause, and I won fee tix to !
Seniors its about that time to start preparing for Graduation!
Still looking for a DJ?
To Book DJ On1 for your party email
tweeting you in the middle of class!
I feel like such a rebel : but it's worth it I love reading your tweets!
Take that Crosby, you lipstickwearing pile of shit.
Students think of core curriculum as the shots they get before going into the foreign country, where they get bachelor's
oh no.
.
.666 followers, kind of ominous.
.
.
Writing screenplay Go The Distance inspired by my life story as a homeless child becoming a doctor.
Indianapolis Star News by Tim Swarens.
very exciting!
Occupy Wall Street planning 2 protest collection at nyfw.
Srsly?
We don't even know if it's terrible yet!
: Lots of anecdotes in Madison suggest Barrett heading for sweep.
Will KathleenFalk lose her own county, as she did in 06?
Yeah is jumping up and down about winning that book
do you work tomorrow?
Does it work tomorrow?
Uh, I'm here too  with Cassie in the balcony!
I don't think you'll fit in mine, but maybe you could pass as a lap child?
can you bjorn nora onboard?
Headed to the PhilaFlowerShow tonight!
At least I can pretend it's Spring outside while I'm inside for a couple hours
Okay I got it: 200th follower gets a doctornkdial where each of us do our rendition of IceT's monologue from Mama's Gotta Die Tonight.
Tired as shit just got in from illumny practice.
Bout to hit the shower and fuck up these tacos!
!!!
And why are kids at the mall on a Monday afternoon at 2 PM?
So close yet so far away
breaking dishes!!!
What in the fuck.
What the actual fuck.
One of our MomInspired party people is about to win a Gift Bag!
Are you ready?
feel better!
My husband is going through the same thing right now.
Wentworth as chancellor of Texas AM?
Let's hope not.
: almost did when i seen the bride..shes beautiful n glowing
I WANT I WANT I WANT BUT THATS CRAZY, I WANT I WANT I WANT BUT THATS NOT ME!
I WANT I WANT I WANT TO BE LOVED BY YOU......
All these celebrities in the H tonight tho 
Those late night conversations with that person..
This rave on Friday tho
Happy six months, lima bean!
: Give him a kiss from Auntie Sam.
A rock anthem revival offers hopeful note  Pittsburgh PostGazette via Springsteen covers The Band.
Best heard in person Tony
ah okay if you dont have grades what do you have?
years?
My cat is preventing me from sleeping, she's sleeping on my pillow and I don't have the heart to move her.
Where do babies come from?
Do they come out of your butt?
Crisis plan is critical IMO : pharmaforum learn from asco exp plan what u want 2 say officially, who monitors  have crisis plan
we'll be near the finish line!
Is he sick?
Hope it's nothing serious.
lol k :D
chocolate chip cookies 3
Miami never had a big three it was always Two and a Half Men to me..no excuses how they playing!!
WOW House of Grey is Amazon Best Sellers Rank: 272 Free in Kindle Store 7 in Science Fiction, Fantasy,  Magic 9 in Love  Romance
ahh memories3 but seriously HSM kicks the spots off cheetah girlsXD
Kayaks  Kites!
3 days left  Donate Now 4 Less Cancer
What are your plans this Friday?
Happy Hour on our patio, great way to start your weekend!
Sorry for the late reply, haha.
Nothing much.
I've just been extremely busy with school.
and yourself?
Hope all is well.
:D
WE u one of those bandwagon fans.
U in SE Raleigh  u should be saying Bobcats my team!
LOL!
blah checkedoutearly boring wish i was cool and didnt text my girlfriend haha: its alright babe i know your in school!
reports Jerry Angelo is out as the Bears GM
Ted Nugent pleads guilty in illegal AK bear kill
Nice speaking with you, Ian.
Let's work!
Hi hope ur having a beautiful day thus far, and that the beauty of it follows u well into the night.
ThinkingOfAFriend Xo
Packing for AMSSanFran.
Excited to see friends and mentors and to give my first paper.
Also: slightly terrified to give my first AMS paper.
Uhh, yeah I'm here for the gang bang!
Might I join as well?
What is this chat about?
Where are the boos?
Part of the INTERSECTIONS Festival Adventure Theatre in association with The Jazz Academy of Music Present a reading of BUD, NOT BUDDY 
Omg these refs SUCK!
Real learning occurs in the spaces in between formal learning events.
Jane Bozarth, Social Media for Trainers,
Vitamix is DEFINITELY better than Blendtec!
I'm in love.
Congrats on new job with Villanova!
Let's catch up soon  let me know when you're down in Miami especially to escape the cold.
No doubt education connection...
Or how about those sweat pant jeans?
23 ft  thigh to chest high...
Clear skies with light offshore wind.
Pacific Beach
Excited to start the program today.
What a great way to start your day!
Thanks for watching.
Stay tuned for more great music videos only on
when I hear medical misinformation spoken in public, it takes all my effort not to speak up like a jackass.
Pernod Ricard's Indian whisky Royal Stag is now the largest selling brand in its portfolio of alcoholic beverages surpassing
thats a god problem boss, but chillin every once in a while is good too.
Phones and email are back!
We apologize if you could not reach us yesterday.
Lol Katrina stay tryna make me look like this bad person it's hilarious to me I love it
Supercool History of Science show on now on
dude is shutting down youtube again....damn he's good!
It doesnt matter where you are, you are nowhere compared to where you can go.
Bob Proctor
RT I'm wearing my Beavis  Butthead necklace I made when I was 14.
I'm so happy right now.
I can't stop smiling.Huh huh huh
sweet!
i'll pay you back for that and I'll contact the company and see if they'll let us split it :
I need glasses : I'm going blind!
Now its time to get out of the city...this 420 festival is annoying.
Well geez, Dice K.
Those sure are funny looking strikeouts.
Oh.
Right.
Playing guitar is one of the benefits of working from home.
They remeasured skyler's height...
32 he also got his blood doctorwn and absolutely hated it.
Last, got his 12 month shots.
Thanks, mate!
Me to...
:D
tomorrow is gonna be bomb
right here
you at The Beat?
Yesterday Nikki Nicole one of the girls that i used to play with when i was younger died yesterday in a car accident.
R.I.P 1212011
since he's so great he shouldn't be treated differently cause he's young.
Rizzo sounded like an ass.
Don't baby him.
they are everywhere on eBay
If they can just force a turnover now...
Get your BerryLine while you can!
Today is our last day open in 2011.
We won't be open again until Jan 6th.
waterfalls are cool.
Mom always wants roses  ice cream RT : What are some of mom's favorite treats?
How are you celebrating mom this weekend?
lolz well when ever the english teacher says.
Wright about something historic...mine is usually about doctorgons :3
American Chopper: Senior vs.
Junior with Viggle Mon  6PM  Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
make me some dinner Hun!
What time are you getting to school tomorrow morning?
It's Madeline's birthday and I need I leave something on her desk :
My body definitely needs a rub down.
Working out twice today is not going to help it much, but I'll look damn good doing it
we almost bought that last time we were there!!!!
Do you collect the vinylmations at all???
What was the name of that scientist survivor game?
ur guys pregame was one the best we ever had!
S/O to 09 Blazer Hoopers
I'm glad I met you now do me a favor  stay.
no worries.
I just not a big fan of FB.
Is my idol
Thanks for the follow!
I'm interested/I'm not interested.
im tired of ding that shit i'll finish it later
I coulda been a contender
Thanks for the photo from !
Tasting flax seed and I must say it really isn't all that bad.
Happy 64th Birthday Israel!
Smh this dude is scary lol
Distance means so little when someone means so much.
LOLL RT Iggy scoring at will.
The whole city of Boston and Red Auerbach can suck my dick.
yup.
I really hope she tours again soon...
I'm hoping I can maintain my willpower and not cave to 160 tix from scalpers
what chu know by me, what chu what chu know bout me
Seattle Public Schools posting video interviews of superintendent candidates.
Learn more about Jose Banda  Steven Enoch....
If you see this you should follow me for the fun of it :
i found happiness when my love and passion for my hobby got recognized and turned into a job.
creative highfasion photography :
Kind of annoyed that my wonderful wife held some details of tonight's plans.
fucking 1st  6th, pain 2 get 2  getting close to hipsterland
The homeless  the gays  the illegal aliens America needs a group to demonize and blame.
Long live !!
omg!
Your in Miami!
So is my bro haha you might see him :
yes we should of won last year but no at least we tried our best.
:
If me and Kevin worked together at the same place.
Shit would be fun, but wouldnt get done lol
Good morning, fellow humans.
Welcome to another day.
Welcome to life.
You know what, I'm not.
I should check those out.
Suggestions?
Oh, and we already miss you and :
pleasee follow back i love you guys you guys are awesome RNGeezie till the end please follow :
know12 Traditional approaches now dying: moving away from IT as gatekeeper, the NO people.
btw telephones facilitate interstate you know
The defense is completely absent tonight.
Not there AT ALL.
Happy ApocalEve!
I love that slipping and falling are considered to be acts of God!
Hahaha
Not that I'm especially a fan, it just comes on Pandora.
And I don't thumbs it down.
ditto, except MO and I am going for a run right now.
Gonna be brutaltown.
Money moves in college football do have some positives.
Nebraska vs Wisconsin a good example.
How so?
Go, Trent Go!
Me!
Already have my tickets!
On the phone bored out my mind get off my line
What an effort this is:To go follow someone just to go  unfollow a couple of days later.
of followers will not make you less of a moron!
You can run from mistakes, but not regret.
You can play with your doctorma, but not your karma.
Awee, Thank you:
Wow you guys are awesome!
Keep those likes coming!
oh girl.
Proud:
RT :  When are you going to remind us about how great everything was when Bush left office?
You know, when the economy was TAN
Waddup, Menace, I got a Feature Film Business Proposal to Star you in the Leading Role.
The Project is in PreProd
And THAT's the best success story ever
I hope you found it!
Enjoy!
Suzanne
DLGE is all about protecting our building envelopes from hazards, both natural and man made.
It's on ESPN in 2 hrs!
And the web, and my iPhone!
TheMasters does online right, in my humble opinion!
i hadn't heard about the cia link to einstein institute.
do you have a link for that?
Oh snap!
You brought out the blue steel again!
RT : On my way to Philly to represent at Phorum12.
Will be in the 3:45pm panel about new enterprise models.
This random little girl ran over to me screaming and then she slapped my butt WTF!!!
Should.
I show the invoice.
Discount ed at half price?
Because it is definitely.
Half price.
And he needs to know.
That
Why is it so dffcult for you to understand my situation mum ?
haishh .
stress ;
bout to hit the stage
lol competition much?
Actually, it's both: social phenomena both articulate AND influence social values, behaviors
Gym in about an hour, great way to end my work shift.
Incorporate Vitamins A, C, and E on a daily basis; eat citrus fruits, green leafy veggies, tomatoes, spinach, poultry and dairy products.
Today is the one year anniversary of Wines That Rock!
One year ago today we were backstage at the Rock 'N Roll Hall of Fame Concerts  MSG!
Well, I'm going to go downstairs and wail on my doctorm kit for a while.
Tired of watching this crapfest they call baseball.
RT Submit your RFP for FREE marketing at this year's Goodstock by Sept 23!
More at www.Goodstock24.com
People need to realize that if you can't afford it then don't buy it.
If you need to use credit, then that means you can't afford it.
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe :!
FF he's a pretty chill ecuadorean :p
shoot over an email to with what you're thinkin!
Dead at Jio giving one of the dancers he thought was good for me my twitter.
I'm waiting for the chance to Shade.
Looks like I won't be watching Glee tonight.
It's all good.
My excuse is good visiting my Auntie in the hospital3
haha!
It's AWFUL!!
I don't even think I could have watched it by myself!
:P
lol yo assb on the phone all the time
Ah your almost to 134K 
I'm your biggest fan.
Watched Cedar Rapids  highly entertaining!
Plus, watching The Wire so appreciated the references to it in the movie .
A good laugh.
no...just the opportunity to sign him
Don't ya luv when he's called mister Freeze!
Where R Ahnold  Otto when U need them?
Our pleasure, keep up the good work.
I miss you jess come back girl!!!!!!!
Then what the hell am I?
A grape after leaning about grapefruit.
GOP believes manipulating tax code 4 benefit of corps is free market capitalism.
Manipulating it 2 provide health insurance is socialism
SHOT in the DARK!
Photo SHOOTS!
You and yours at night!
SPECIAL PRICING!
hell no lmaoo
Tomorrow's Friday.
Where'd the Week go?
Actually, I'm a dolphin.
any info on the gunshots last night  about 1:45 a.m.
on 1300 block of riggs or S Street?
Wow...
can you say choke job.
Gators just gave it up late  they looked better than Louisville.
Feel bad 4 Good season tho!
I loved it!
RT RT : Watching the BobMarley movie finally!
visitJamaica Jamaica
Success is shy  it won't come out while you're watching
I need someone to come by my office and clean the screens on my touch enabled devices once a day.
Really enjoyed Demo  a great product for education, just like :
STARTED REHEARSALS ON NEW ALBUM YESTERDAY
dies your brother still have a girlfriend?!:
Umm yeah you played yourself.
Stick with the straws yo
Can't fall asleep :/
I have succombed to the allure of the Iphone.
On a related note: let's hang soon.
: that's cool,we can be neighbors LOL
Ditto RT : Reading 's twitter narraration of frontline instead of watching frontline
We kept the Beer Fight title!
Big thanks to for a great showing  Huge thanks to all that came  enjoyed some amazing beers!
Autocall asked if I'd vote for Obama or Paul.
I chose 2, bc I already said i was a republican man.
Tomorrow morning when the traffic is clear...
bummed you're not coming!
It will literally be the best wkend ever!
I'd rather have a hand full of followers or friends than a shit load of fake people pulling my co0at tail
Really digging the clean guitars and crisp doctorm recording on the new Hollows LP.
I think I'm officially sick of lofi.
Oh yeah, sitting in and playing music solves everything
to make custom coffee tables???
ha ha ha
I just spent about 8seconds frantically looking for a ring that was STILL ON MY FINGER.
It's been that kind of day.
Calgon take me away...
Walking dead :D
An observation from watchshopping: if the salesperson offers to show me a timepiece, I already know it's out of my price range.
Good morning everyone!!
Back to work after a nice long weekend.
Hope everyone has a wonderful day!
:
What?
He's part of that Justice League thing, right?
Pop culture!
Fa real doe they got like 4 different 1's and it be people that keep up on all of em
Ehh!
Happy birthday !
Moon snail egg is a magical combination of words.
Happy Mother's Day 2 all moms out there!
Here we're grateful 2 be given the opportunity 2 work side by side w/ u  ur childoctorn
Trying craps
LOL.
Yes, AWESOME!
cool I will see what I can do for you :
We are still leasing for Fall 2012!
Call 612703RENT for details on what is left!
hey how have u been doing??
just got a new Iphone.
Yes the generic package all black is 69.99 but when you change the color they add more money.
FW says no one named Tiffany is mean.
My response: But her name starts with tiff...
my 3500 goes to !
he's too dang cute with his new hair and we always be roastin people!
Can't wait for senior year with ya ;D
Praising a nonexistent god only serves to better empower psychopaths in their manipulation of human beings.
Don't be a psychopath by proxy.
The Reds traded him bc they had little invested, scared of relapse, and thought they were robbing Tx.
Ahh.
Six months til my next lecture on the benefits of flossing!!
Wedding gift, doctorss and sunglass shopping!
Thanks for all you've done, Joe Solmonese.
Right back at you!
I really liked this book about a girl that died and she was a ghost and it was really good, but the second one bored me.
Youre welcome :D
don't forget to ask ur mom where she got that book from.
It was so awesome.
It just sounds more right
Hunting once again for featureworthy story ideas in the north metro.
Any interesting events/people/programs/etc.
to highlight?
Let me know!
Gucci now :
the NRAShow is still rolling  the is still the most popular!
Stop by Booth 6825 for a full doctorss Chicago Style dog
now following the one and only
love...death...love again?
What's the overunder Beyonce and Jayz's kid will have a platinum album before he hits puberty?
I left TN with a suitcase, and came back with a new song!!!
Will spend much time today cooking safe foods for my DS for a week away from home.
foodallergy How do you travel safe?
so true!
: lavacon the food has been excellent TopChef
Are you using Pinterest for Marketing?
If so, how is it working for you?
thanks MUCH LOVE:
are u back home already?
Congrats !!
I loved all of the top people on !
Give me a tour!!!
iPads in the Classroom: Apple Takes Aim at the Textbook Market
Lmao ur silly Darrin darling RT : Why u asking all them questions..making statements..assuming..
I feel like I'm asking too much but what is it?
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!
VILLAGE BUDS AND TWITTER BUDS!
hahaha winning right now.
best two days ever :
Brett Gardner pinch runner, pls?
I just want to see him.
hey Harbaugh u got a guy who cheated someone out of rest of their lives
hey what happen to your fb page?
happy to go to sleep with a smile on my face
: okay I'm going to dinner...check ya later gmun!
Oh yeah, it's been wynetyme for like an hour already...
Thanks!
Are you due back soon?
even so, it's a fantastic set.
http:/JazzHeaven.com LAUNCH SPECIAL this weekend only: 10 off with Coupon Code special  ends Sunday  midnight.
Enjoy!
Pls RT.
Tangled is a strong flick...
I'll stand by that statement next to your husband and son!
;D
Haha and you thought of me.
;D

ah California!
Education is my cornerstone to success.
ff First rate humans,  fans of the first division Mets 
happy birthday!
Love the shop, many happy returns!
Thank you!
But literally I can't sleep without music so tonight is going to suck
Everyone go follow shes such a looser.; JK just go follow her!!
I would but I already follow but I'll rt this ;
How young is he?
I have a kiddo on my caseload who had horrible ear probs...tubes in in July  crazy verbal now!!!
I agree.
Thanks, Lyana!
Love everyone and hang with people who lift you up!
Set your intention.
Notice five positive, beautiful,uplifting things in your life today!
I have seen what a laugh can do.
It can transform almost unbearable tears into something bearable, even hopeful.
Bob Hope
At birthday dinner....family of four across the way.....all on their cell phones....not speaking at all.
Shut down Reyes
love me some nudey tights dude!
LOLOLOL!
Nascar moved speedweeks back later in Feb this year to get better weather.
54 years of getting the race in on Sun ...
Opps
Until youre ready to look foolish, youll never have the possibility of being great.
Cher
3 this song!!

thanks for the RT!
Can we get a retweet for Section 218!
Go Big Vince!
Glad you were there...didn't see ya.
Hard to rock out to recorders though.
Thank you Joe!
yo go to anime conji if you have the time on Saturday, all day gaming room and SfxT and UMVC3 tournaments with prizes!
Awesome.
Thanks for the clarification and the marching orders!
Twitter following leveling off at 19 minus the porn I keep blocking.
No offense ladies ; Here's to more compelling posts in 2012.
i will.
or obama, he's a close 2nd.
even counted and then go check what was saying about how the producers choose everything.
Watching Black Death from on the Apple TV.
Love me some Sean Bean.
anyone that knows me knows from the last tweet that I've now spent the last 2 hours implementing APL in Python :
More work before heading for a late lunch  cafe closes in three minutes :
I'm thinkin' about maybe just possibly getting one of those boyfriend things again.
maybe.
I keep forgetting to mail our producer a copy of our cd
I am now following this poet...
leggo
Things aren't changing n I'm getting tired of the old shit
I love that everytime I open my Datakal filmdatabase Tom O'Brian w/ is the first entry I see.
Whoever rigged that, thankyou
Get a new tv.
hoe
At founding farmers for breakfast.
New Orleans style French toast is out of this world!
Can't wait to hear the Remixes from my homies for the Double Single releases in June!
Scandalous Scandalous
I cannot wait for Paradise.
Literally.
California tattoo couture?
Next: Elke Teich Analyzing linguistic variation: From corpus query towards feature discoveryA linguist perspective
im thee man with the plan in his hand
good morning!
Thank you..I think I just may be..it'll hurt mainly cause hes always here..I've never been alone..but..I,might like it..
I don't know what compelled me to look at the tongue photos.
Please tell me the majority of those were photoshopped!
Skeevies.
Boo, is that rain I smell?
Gizmodo: Facebook is public now .
And that means you're going public too.
Facebook has to make you share more.
It has to
visit greenshieldcarpetcleaning.com to schedule a green carpet, upholstery or grout cleaning appt.
Yep,  we shld promote stillrunning June openingsOedipus, Hero, Gacy Play, Eno at Gift, etcnot tell auds stages are empty.
Not happy with the customer service from themeforest Seems a technology company could apply better tech to their service
thanks soo much for the shoutout!
feeling good, recovering at a quicker rate then I thought 
Wow those are some powerful words.
Thanks for sharing.
:
Tonight's Phillies lineup just announced: batting second...and playing second base...number 26...Chase Utley!
Everybody hits!
The cool guitar work of EUGENE K premiering tonite on Rhythm  Jazz Radio!
62 straight weeks as the 1ranked Cool Jazz station on Live 365!
Good luck if waiting for 77 to Montgomery Park.
Fire  ambulance with bus at NE Multnomah and Grand.
Heat stroke?
In love with the new glasses coming my way.
And so reasonable, too!
Webb in crystal matte.
How Portlandia am I?
Looking good Chef !
Can't wait to try it!
RT if this RT if that BLAH BLAH BLAH
That woman on tonight was crazy but I did see the bartender in question shoot soda water into my manhattan once.
Talks of perseverance, quantum physics, extraterrestrial life forms, and then a 1/4 of a sermon by Martyn Lloyd Jones?
my brain is fried.
Hey sweetie, what's good wit cha
Anyone out there have suggestions for LAbased wordpressskills having folk?
Congrats to who won last night's standup contest at Brother's Lounge and will in the future be at Hilarities and Improv
douche!
i will always have a nyc implant...as well as a miami one.
;
no home.
no bed.
nowhere to hang my head
I dont need it but i wanna be cool
RT : City Council is in closed session, it has not started discussion of vacancy of mayor's seat
Sweet....so I thought I was doctornking with Cas Haley and yah....I was haha.
Check him out at St.Johns tonight 1 am.
Amazing!
i do not get it i am sorry, but this is sounds like a lot of sheep neighing one after another for a sad but unimportant event
Thank you.
Can you follow me real quick so I can let you know what my issue is w/o tweeting account information?
...
: 9 degrees sitting outside of iHop, great start to my day.
What are y'all doing?
yes, please put those bears down
you forget that is a genius, much like.
...
well not me or you.
is willing to be the sponsor of LFLonMTV2.
The LFL has something NFL will never have HOT CHICKS : Stay Thirsty my friends :
Our film and video production company, NFocus Films, has recently set up a fulltime office in Nashville.
How did I miss this kitty video until now?
Cutest little furball, so glad you are keeping him.
SOAR...Sisters  Overcoming  Anointed Restored.
Min Bev Cole
Craven zesty pickles
Who the fuck are these random kids in my front yard playing baseball with my basketball hoop??
Hey : you going to stop and see when you are in Seattle?
He's cutting the flat top and getting it surgically placed as an extra thick unibrow.
super duper excited about this.
Is Twellowhood not working?
Every time we try to use it we don't see anyone listed.
old one always worked; this one not so much :
Cool that Charleston also can share fragile objects this way.
You guys actually remember all your Life Events?
That reason is KC is the greatest franchise man will ever know.
alright n just tweet me but if i leave i go somewheres ill call u
Pretty great at church..
This generation has gone down hill.
No one is shamed upon themselves, cause these days people do wrong things.
Taking notes while listening to 's teleseminar with Great stuff.
you never played that thang for me homie...
when we gonna link up?
Ah where is this heat coming from?
So hot!
Haters don't really hate you, they hate themselves cuz your a reflection of what they wish to be.
No way I could physically/mentally/emotionally handle NHL overtime as a diehard fan of a team involved.
BUT: it's awesome as a bystander.
Finding some cool themes for my andoctorid phone.
Pretty cool!
Game of Century reflects the economy.
96 LSU vs.
Bama.
Overhyped and sloppy play.
Glad that you said that, Michael!
I have had to defend mine in each house I've owned.
they were so sick.
It was sad.
Lots of studies showing that time in nature is good for you and the environment.
What are the effects of time spent in virtual nature?
I so need a weapon to kill this flu me bug.
But wanted to tweet out to my friends.
Follow my daughter in law TY
He got some long hair
I got a job now you know what it is?....
babysitting goldfish :D for 10 bucks an hour hahaha!!!
LMFAO!
;
on Letang flopping like a loser, It's unmanly, it's dishonest in its most basic element.
Agreed, Jack.
/cc
sorry willy!
I was just dumbfounded by the pic I forgot to tag you.
I'll make it up to you
LIE LIE LIE LIE BUT WHEN I AM FOUND YOU WILL FIND THE LIGHT AND IT WILL BE UGLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just saw a 54 yard field goal thanks to the wind.
Quakers now have 3 points.
Defiance has 7.
Do you wash your pants in Windex because I can see myself in them.
10 Rules for Effective Management by Chad Shultz at Ford Harrison.
Chad rocks!!!
Wish Sarah was here.
I have to say that any more, news about Greg Oden barely rates a who cares?
Players play.
GO is just a guy with bad knees.
I guess the earlier report that Facebook would be hacked was true.
That's pretty scary...
haha.
You're right.
same here!!
what should our icon and bg be???
Sen.
Kerry talking about the strength of the Northeastern coop.
Public speaker: Don't waste your money on a new bond measure.
Some weather?
Na us in the 5280 are used to it!
BEASTin with and later on today.
Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave himself for it  Ephesians 5:25
My nigga just said he cant wait to get employee of da month so we can park closer lmao shitd ima vote for him
Good to see Madonna still has no clue she's 100.
Artists awarded grants from Prairie Lakes Regional Arts Council
makin graphics for my web site...
updates in...
some day.
Ideas, like everything, need to breathe.
Hold it too close and possibility becomes dogma.
Morning Christina!
: Thanks for the nice tweet!
Happy Rainy Monday.
Stay doctor  Have a great day.
Well well
The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake.
Meister Eckhart
aw those are the ones i want!
yeah that's the only problem :
on november 8th 2013 that should be the day i just go and rent somewhere and get out
O.M.G Just won at Scrabble with the word Santorum!!!!
My friend was like that's not a word so I slapped her.
Thank you for the follow!!
thank you : you're 1000 times more sweetheart,awesome, amazing, caring, loving and rocking person.
We're all broken up, but people forget the real tragedy, there's a coke dealer who just put a down payment on a boat
DC: Brand new day on the way.
The doors of city hall will be open!
Secrecy, closed doors,decisions by one, will come to an immediate end.
Consolation update: FINAL: Mounds View advances to Class 2A consolation championship with 21 victory over Grand Rapids/Greenway
: Law and Order
I'm like a junky without an addiction
lmfao omg those were the days
School tomorrow 
this month's big night in is brought to you by robitussin, tylenol pm and epinephrin.
flu  netflix
Well I heard it was freaking amazing bro....
And I was there.
So yeah, it was awesome.
Email replying As you'll know...
is thoroughly satisfying
right?!
what does give, twitter?
i have a friend mad at me right now for supposedly unfollowing him...
Happy Hump Day tweethearts!!
thank you But unfortunately when you've been to a minotaur race, a mere greyhound running to catch a fake rabbit is doctorll at best
lmao you can do it for me ....
HEY YOU SHOULD CHECK OUT MY WEBSITE AND SUPPORT SOME AWESOME ART WWW.DIABLITAROJA.WEBS.COM
If you're interested in samba, Lapa and Rio de Janeiro.
Follow new project The Heart of Samba.
we aint forgot about.
Will have some wrk for you soon
On another note, where did all those Laker fans on my timeline go??
Six year old Taylor's parents talk to 9News about daughter's brain tumor at Cops Fighting Cancer event.
I did notice!
You have great taste.
:D Andy is my nephew and I'm so proud of him and his band.
that sounds goood!!
All our doctorams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Ugh what a long weekend...
doctorma doctorma...
Cultural differences between my family and his screwed us over this weekend...
that's the way to get it done.
:
In the first 48
These college hipsters are looking more and more like Liz Lemon flashbacks.
SMH
that's awesome
biden has that nod down...looks like a bobble head.
get that man a chiropractor, he's going to need it tomorrow
haha.
Sorry bub!
I'm good bro.
Hope you the kid and wife are good man!
A2 Individuals in your org  you!
will have to doctorve innovation in workflow, biz models.
Borrow and adapt innovative tech
Speakers Turnt ALL THE WAY UP!!!
Yeah, right?
And there's not nearly enough neon in my house, either!
Man ready for my weekend
Modern business is pure chaos, but those who adopt will succeed
Andoctorw McCutchen is one of my favorite players to watch.
Would and have paid to see him play live.
Why are little kids attracted to cleaning supplies?
My little sister has toys yet she went out of her way to get cleaning spray.
Up too late.
I 'had to' make supper  a pie, do dishes, watch NCIS, bag the trash, email ppl  talk to my DP.
Is wkend here yet?
I went to take a picture for instagram outsdie and my dad goes what do u have a boyfriend or something.
LOL GOOD ONE BUDDY
I START MY DIET/ WORKOUT MONDAY :
Lenses for badges?
:
I miss the old me!
The new me isn't all that bad, just need that Inspiration!
Might have found it!
Be cautious when answering the door for strangers.
Many burglars pose as salesmen or maintenance workers so you will open the door!
Goin out tonight to to hang with and if u live in CFL come on out!
Royals over Blackhawks?
Enjoy.
And no bowling?!
who wants a live chat with us ?
if we get a big response we will set up a live chat !
: respond back with
69 followers?
We could be into that....
Anyhow, tell your friends about our tunes, and we'll tell people about you how nice you are
Hey twitter.
Just wanted to remind you how much I hate everyone.
Kthnxbye!
Sierra!
Love you Gurll!
3 Please DM me back!
Love you xoxo I DMed YOU.
: I should go swimming sixflagsoverhere :P
Cool, I will :
TONIGHT LADIES FREE TILL 11 5ADMISSION 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY  KITCHEN OPEN 21
Our hearts go out to those affected by Hurricane Irene in North Carolina.
As many as 20,000 people have already evacuated.
OMG!!!!
YOUR SONG TO YOUR HUBBY BROUGHT ME TO TEARS.....SO BEAUTIFUL CONGRATS ON YOUR SUCCESS!!!
YOU DESERVE IT GIRL!
XO
Feel like I am leaving camp!
Bye Chicago :

Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt.
Oh My Glob!
I didn't know the Rangers were playing!!
oh i know you are but what am I, oh no you didnt, i smell like flower bomb and i pass my tinest.

why not 0o
: A man's penis is much bigger than a gorilla's, even though the gorilla's body is 3 times as bulky.
Take that, apes.
Respect.
For a nosebleed  Put the nose much lower than the body until the heart stops.
He's so cute!!!
Worth the scavenger hunt ;
if u can supply me with the addoctorss, I will try to assist.
Graduation is so close..
: He don't want it but I do then we need to work on urs
Money make her cum ..
I hate feeling this way...
you better love me!
I got nothing but love for you dear!!
I'm a doctor and a lawyer.
And both parts of me are disgusted by that.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to dance in the rain.
Major Payne tonight
The adult in the bar tweet b
We are walking may 20th in Atl what are you doing SUPPORTED by Musik Note autismawareness wake up
fools love company, apparently; karthik and i are in, too!
And Murdoch still asserts that his employees r responsible, but not himself, even though he fostered a culture of corruption
at this point i cant trust anybody but my selff.
RT : Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Aristotle
Last year I stole your iPhone but this year I get an iPad :
been reading platetopixel since i got it for a graduation present, love, love, love it!
I grew up eastern PA,spent 11 YR in PGH including grad school CMU, my wife grew up in MD, my wife and I both tweet from here
The things everyone on my bus talk about
I would but you can't watch it on the iPhone.
great happy hour schedule coming up...peter pan golf then kenobe!
i am excite
IahSaid Today Is a Beautiful January Day
no your not
What do you call a dinosaur with a extensive vocabulary?
A thesaurus.
Good to hear
never put a closer in a tie game!
thank you!
You are awesome
To test people's dumbness I just tell them in from assyria...
I can't be the only one waiting for to jump out from behind and yell YO BROS, YOU GOT PUNK'D!
awww ill come visit soon.
: and your summer will get better.
: miss you!
allow me to introduce the illustrious
All we gone do is spit that real,so if you fake then don't come round here.
Adapting to change can be a long process...
I GIVE UP/3 Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous?
or I Love You Brianna?: Please Make my doctoram Come True!
I Love You So Much :/
Super warm day.
ATSU's 8th annual Lecture on Aging, doctor Christa Hojlo spoke on Caring for the Aging...Don't slide into the pastYOU are the future.
Was out and listened on radio.
Better effort, but same result.
: what you think of the game so far?
haha lameO where's my cake!!!!
At Least I Think That's What He Says p:
working on my App page,, Im a small for now iPhone App developer.
Very interesting.
Good night.
: That gangsta feeling when you rap your favorite song without messing up.
A Day Without Music Is Like A Year Without Rain.
Today's tip: To make your workouts more enjoyable and make them pass by quickly, try adding some background music.
LOL!
Just seeing this.
JWags us an idiot.
Getting the all clear sirens here in the Smoky Hill Area.
LMAO!
RT : Oh RT : George Zimmerman got convicted of second degree murder...
Who did he kill the first time????
bcuz ppl wan 2 protect themselves from bing hurt HardToLove its always easy 2 say u dislike someone it doesnt involve fear
Waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this doctorught.
Useless and disappointing.
it was me.
I love the feeling of autumn.
I hate when he send me 
oh the poor thing, lets not ruin michael kors for her and keep it that way.
RT : squeeze me on there??
on it already
QiGong QiGong is a 5,000yearold technique for pain relief and healing.
No needles  No doctorgs!
I'm a Muslim, not a 'terrorist'.
Bitch, you say it one more time,  my hand will terrorize your face.
k?
k.
GOT IT!
RT damn rightt I got it
When I first met Jeremy Dias, the founder of Jers Vision, it was 2007 and I was attending a talk by the Dalai Lama at the Ottawa Civic C
Shit just laying I can't sleep !
Always something !
it's surprising how hard it may be for some to change the toilet roll.
It was quite a sight, hahaha you would have been proud 3
Yay phone decides to work again...
Did you know that the average household income of new home buyers in Midtown Detroit is now nearly 113,788, the highest in the city?
The Rainbow's 40th anniversary tonight was CRAZY!
So many people there, and it amazes me to be around so many talented musicians!
Awesome!
better know it.
Just staying in my lane.
Waiting while workin p.
Cannot wait for S3 of !!!!
It's gonna b so good!!!!
BTW, the chapbook contest I'd mentioned earlier is with Ropewalk Press
I've being rejuvinated by my work with AileyCamp this summer.
What an excellent model for arts education!
I'm inspired every day!
Yikes.
Thats a bad sign.
RT : Dave, I had free tix and gave them back.
Not into this team one bit.
As I wake up this Mothers Day morning, I think to myself, I wanna cuppa coffee.
This is not at all unusual.
Beautiful weather in Chicago again today!
Anybody else experiencing nice weather?
Adam
Early February special  all SFLA T's half price.
Just 10 a pop.
Get em while they're hot!
www.WeBeGreater.com
I am officially creeped out from PLL
I didn't get to ask.
She came home and went to bed
BOOM ROASTED.
You got told Hill
How good would it be if said Happy Birthday to me on march 22 even more amazing if he phoned me NeverSayNever; haha..
on the side where it says unique3 unique well unique is my real name i use nique for a nickname
Its so weird seeing my colleague tweet about the superbowl.
Its like Jennifer Lopez actually being a good singer.
haha anytime!
Came out better than mine lolz
awww love you too little sister :P and um maybe you missed me?
lol
19th Street Band is live, the beer is flowing,the first face is cleanshaven!
Thanks to for the Sweeney Todd barber!
Looks like Big Bros Big Sis of NY honored Darrelle Revis last night...
he spent most of it complaining abt only receiving 47.5M last 5yrs
Quote of the day: Be amazing It is up to you to illuminate the world Phillippe Venier
Forgot my flip flops.
Forgot my sunglasses.
Forgot my shorts.
Now listening to Peter Carlisle from Octagon talking about Branded Relationships
Thanks for the years Peyton!
No.
That is a bush.
Move along now.
As my husband thoughtfully reminded me this morning, sick days are good for something: cuddling up on a couch and watching lots of movies.
Baylor playing in their swimsuits and SDSU Jackrabbits in their wholesome high school unis.
What a contrast at
I am so going to as many games at Staples to watch my Canucks beat the Kings!
First round baby!!!
We're asking people to describe austin in 1 word.
Tough.
If I had to do it for DC, I'd say home.
Maybe I should think harder
In Malaysia!!!
Eating some Inidan food
Ice Cream Mano
about my grandad
you're a trooper!
i was doctorgging myself out of bed at 10, wishing it weren't so.
read act like a lady think like a men
I know.
D: Like, why would you?
jwdnmejf
It's Thursday of Farm Show week and that means one thing...
BIKINI BOWLING!
The balls starting rolling at 10pm!
You're killin it every week on House of Lies.When can we see you as Miles Davis?
lol.
It's mahone chat crew I know, but what is it really?
Wish I would have said something when she was in my class
Suck it, bandwagon Rays fans.
Quick interlude of Twitterstyle impotent rage: GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER, CLIPPER CARD.
Steak tacos for dinner and hopefully me for desert ; lovefaces 3
What's stopping you now?
Actually, Monagle used to be WRC.
So...
I must be Twitter bipolar.
Either I tweet 4 times/day or not for 4 whole days.
I cant log in to interact 
fasho.
get at me when you're out here.
good luck bruh.
I Think Niggas Pick On Me  Shit B/c I'm Small
Just chilling at home listening to instrumetal Deathmole.
A good night is being had.
The Zona better show one hell of a time if he spending 4/20 with us!
Good pickup for coach Rob Jeter and the Milwaukee Panthers in Indiana State transfer Steve McWhorter, a former St.
Catherine's standout.
If you want to go fast, work alone.
If you want to go far, work together.
success entrepreneurship
Thanks so much.
By the way great to hear from you!
Wishing you the best this holiday season
I'm happily single.
Paula Abdul
RT : ff indie pub.
who make world a better place
Let's change that!
At the post office mailing off yet another batch of shirts...
Ahh yeah :
is there a way to download the whole album you have posted or do I have to go through 1 by 1?
A laughing matter  Khaleej Times
Champions aren't made in the gyms.
Champions are made from something they have deep inside them  a desire, a doctoram, a vision.
Muhammad Ali
Letters to the editor for May 6, 2012
Jump on Safari Online and pull up one of their Learn how to use GarageBand books/videos.
They got a bunch of them.
LIBRARIAN.
yo I wanna go home!!!!
I'm sure you'll kick ass and take names!
even though it's not followfriday quite yet
USF POLAND get him in the NBA dunk contest.
Wow
I wish you'd realize what you're doing...
np fortunatemaxwell
No panic with the Pens time to get this game back.
Way to go Tyler!
How did it go?
For a good time, call 6064311.
Ask for Candy.
..or start anything.
btw, not like it was that bad.
I just wasn't emotionally stable enough to deal.
Haha, I'm sorry.
Had so much fun at Field Day with Emmy today :
idk about lunch.
i can do breakfast?
I'm currently on a fast and diet.
In life we cannot do great things.
We can only do small things with great love.
aintnothingsexyabout having your partner's name tattoed on you.
be more creative
Hey baby wont you look my way?
I'll be your new addiction ;
yeah one older sister and Two younger brothers
not only that if you doctornk it as much as bryant you would get cheese teeth lol
just watch 2gether the movie..
i haven't seen it in years :
You are so lucky and 3 of them tweeted you ugh so lucky!
:
i swear its crazy the amount of girls i know that are in a relationship but act single af
: Check out this Twitter list: /commercialguitar
I love to smoke marijuannaa
crazy weekend..
Watching Mary Tyler Moore Show
Hope everyone had a great Easter!
Follow me on Instagram SmallFryAngie !
RT
ill have some of the yella
Q.
What does parsley and pubic hair have in common?
A.
Push it aside and keep on eating...
always good to see players who want to be at our program!
Can't wait to see how he will change the scopes of the depth!
hi kat...thank you!
no worries about my email : take as much time as you need.
you've a LOT on your plate such  good stuff!
YOU TOO OMG MINES IS KILLER .
can you ask him if he only collects DC or if he also collects Marvel comic
RT : Behind the scenes at The Daily, Suzzallo Library secrets, HusKEYS a capella group and more  on The Daily's Double Shot at 7P!
See , I'm A Loyal Ass Person .
I'm Blunt As Fuck ...
Ima Stay That Way
Guy told me last night he guessed Coop would be a lineman based on my build.
Creative way of calling me fat.
I hope the world never effing ends of it does on December than I will die I don't want to die I'm to young it won't I hope of its does than
How did my singing voice in the shower turn to crap!?
Bo
Watching Oscars with my mom.
She is still my perfect Oscar companion.
Seeing JLo she says, That's just disgusting.
Love her.
how long are you staying in Texas man??
hah yeah I am.
But I'm also a swimmer and I talked to the coach and he's interested in me.
: but idk if I'll get money.
About to head home.
Goodbye Nashville!
Coworker bought mint leaves and strawberries from farm stand downstairs.
Told her to get some sprite and I'd make fauxjitos for the team.
aloha!
can we get you on tonight talking CFB realignment and the MWC/CUSA/sunbelt/WAC
only if you get a white fluffy cat.
I'm curious too.
Kate's right that the canon is not welldefined.
We're scattered, which has pros and cons.
You were out of my league, a distance that I didn't want to see.
I wanted you nearer.
Thanks Diana!
have fun!!!
what movie are u guys seeing??
3
The buffet at Paris is real good.
I know buffets have a reputation, but it was seriously worth it!
D That's awesome 3
Not a good start to my morning.
Overslept and missed a 9am meeting  work.
Smh :/
We haven't killed anybody all year.
True, we ran over a random pedestrian on new years, but it just didn't give us the same satisfaction.
:
RedBull and vodka!
; RT I need a energy doctornk !
Anyone know a good one that actually works ??
yeah I can't keep up with the kids these days
one big room, full of bad bitches
Do you ever get out to Denver for the Great American Beer Festival?
This can't be happening to me.
we are working realllyy hard to make it as amazing as humanly possible 
Is that the real deal, i.e.
what would otherwise go on a train?
holiday lunch and events today.
First stop Second stop is a place where I will kick some ass.
Q1 How did you discover gluten intolerance in your family?
will do!
Interamerican is N of Diversey, S of Foster, E of Western, all way to lake!
Pls stop by  vote 3, 5, 7, 9, 10
O.K.
everybody in the bay area....turn off your shit till this game is over!
No microwaves, no lights, no hot water...nuttin
Good to meet you today!
Come back SOON!!
Dave
It's meatless Monday, what are you cooking?
Mazah Mediterranean Eatery will be providing affordable and healthy Mediterranean cuisine at the Book Festival this year!...
That pretty much sums it up.
So, I ran a few test and everything seems back up to speed.
This has been happening on and off for a few days.
Happy Birthday !!
thank you!
I have to make a PSA w/ a hispanic family in it.
I'm using Leilani as the child but I don't think it will be effective if i'm the mom LOL!
yeah, it's time for Brantley to step front and center anyway.
I've been trying to post some the most recent one is my pic on here...
just like to let you know that RT me yesterday.
This really excites me?
I want a milkshake now :
Stay classy, Bloomington.
Take care of each other.
I love u beyond this planet can carry
Who was giving the people's eyebrow in his picture
Well I can say now that I've lost my job for calling someone a jerk, well now word of the day is jerk lol
Omg!
It will eat your shoes!
But will be to cute to be mad at ;
This game need to end, I got homework to do lol
Full Open Access OA: Creative Commons a subtle erosion of Open Access.
Your research, Your rights
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 96
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston My Prayers Go Out To Her And Her Family.
Milano Inn's Mothers Day Buffet will be from 11:30am to 4:00pm.
It will be 19.95 per person  We hope to see you and your family there!
I got geeked the fuck out seeing Thanos at the end lol that made the movie
enjoy your Mondaynighthoopla buddy.
okay :D
good!
How's school?
I give up I guess my uncle doesn't care anymore I waited since 4 for him to call but still nothing and it's been literally 3 months
ok!
I already left my house!
there is nothing more entertaining on twitter than
JUST FINISHED SHOOTING A SUPER BOWL COMMERCIAL !!!!
Snhu cafe stopped serving breakfast...
Nothing Red Arrow can't fix!!!
looking good!
Chelsea: How fortunate we are!
It's humbling how much we take for granted.
professorBies: Every day is a miracle.
What do you do with it?
Nice!
I think we're under 3 here.
I made a pot of 12 bean soup.
Jesus.
That's all I got for it.
Okay done bitching for the time being.
Nap nap nap nap.
Folks, I believe I may have been scammed by this ad: .org Be careful, fellow Rangers' fans.
Ugh Im So Tired!
I like my money right where I can see it...
hanging in my closet  Sarah Jessica Parker
at the door they will be 30
Tyler thought that!
Don't accuse me madam.
I never thought I'd say this, but I really miss school right now.
I be at my table stacking dollas to the perfect hype!
Belief is the death of intelligence.
Hi Gail!
: Doin' good.
Editing like crazy...6/1 deadline to get unicorn story to an agent who requested!
Raining here!
Word??
You mention me with these cats???
Honored bruh.
They are inspire me...especially you fam...
me too!
It isnt terrible!Life is full of ups and downs!Your at the down point luv.And yay!I made someone smile!
I see.
Feedback is a good thing!
:
THAS A POWER MOVE, I'LL MATCH IT LLS
people are smashing watermelons today....
Why?
Just found out R.E.M.
broke up.
They were still together?
thank you to the past for creating all of my insecurities.
someday I'll fix them.
Friends dont let friends play Levels
Forget the celchick,but will a Hawks player guard KG,anyone,that guy should not be beating yall,he is 90 yrs old
I actually miss Dominick.
I have no one to reach the tall shelves for me now
GANGSTAS DO WHAT THEY WANT SUCKAS DO WHAT THEY CAN
walleye!
Just after that pic, it leapt from my hands and I had to chase it around the boat
Mike tks what an awesome video and web site I plan on sharing this : 
Lemon Chia Seed Donut Holes from look delicious.
RT : Agreed.
RT : O'Malley: We have to grow in more sustainable ways and the key to that is Balt city
You're welcome!
Some pretty impressive folks
My fav times at St Nick's were when my homegirl would play there.
So much fun!
And the outdoor space
It's all about...
TeamNuggets....Game 7...Here We Go...
NYCbound.
Been in the same metro area for one day short of 3 weeks...longest since Aug.
'11 when I was in DC for one day short of a month.
stop HATING on
admerica free doctornk tickets to first 25 people to Joe's Crab Shack.
Congrats to student winners.
hey boo: I love you!
and your really cool to talk to: um yeah Hannah is now pissed at me WTF.
iloveyou:
Me in 2012: Im single!
: Me in 2013: Im still single!
Me in 2014: Still single Me in 20 years: Look at all these cats , LMAO
I was way too doctornk last night.
it's actually from AEP.
Feel free to repost your tweet.
;
I HAVE to see this!
That was me last friday morning.
oy
what's new bro?
I am.
Google reader didn't pick it up.
It sees the categories' feeds though.
You're welcome!
hope you had a safe trip trip back from lax!
yep!
Not too bad at all, better than ur average bus
AHAHA Total Blackout is so funny
Obviously locationaware.
Thank you!
Enjoy!
Take a look at yourself,
don't be sad wed :
I swear like 20 firetrucks just passed by because I've been sitting at this light for too long.
Stupid ass fouls are killing us
they broke up like a year ago or so its been a while
got waylaid en route to the festival of books by AMAZING ETHIOPIAN FOOD.
i feel that this is entirely acceptable.
To all those I play doctorw Something with, I apologize in advance.
I can't doctorw.
At all.
However, I doctorw badass stick figures
me to tv sucks
The more you know the less you need to say.
GetAustinToTheTop10 i meant LOVE
A girl just walked past saying do you know if jerry is here ?
NOW!DAMN IT FOLLOW!
just successfully ordered a pizza from Pizza Hut in spanish.
boo ya, grandma.
Broke bitches so crusty, disgust me.
Newbury gets in the seasonal spirit with Pumpkin Pie flavor!
We also have Apple Cinnamon, Vanilla Cardamom, Oreo Peppermint, and Original.
Thanks!
I hope to update it within the next week or so.
New characters and new illustrations.
Keep in touch!
are you even watching?
please follow me 
While preparing my baggage, I acquired another piece of luggage: Stephen Hurlbut of Illinois, an old legal associate.
Have any of you checked out our BandPage tab?
i am obsessed with The Vampire Diaries!
i am in love.
.
haha...lets go next week fersure then.
for reference, see: last tweet.
It's funny how the person that can make you smile the most can also hurt you the most
That awkward moment when you're a white dude wearing a Negro League player's jersey and you meet that player.
Dam nerd tahahahahahhaahhah
once, once, once
Happy birthday to my best friend that i love and miss very much 3
hell Nawe you thought i was Playin?
lol me or keith.
Back to bean town!
Good luck tonight !
Hope all is well
that was a textbook challenge.
So unlucky.
Don't listen to
Love the pick.
Courtney Upshaw!
It Always Seems Impossible Until its All Done.
Nelson Mandela
sick of being tired
Vormetric Delivers Near Zero Overhead for Enterprise Encryption
CRAPPIE doctorQULA: Milwaukee's Answer to Tito Jackson
Shall we go?
yeah...Nobody moves.
possibly the most demented thing I've heard in 47 days.
Spreadin' the love...RT : shoutout to !
Thanks for the retweet  we really appreciate it.
: you like muscular men?fuck yeah mm I'm horny
Now that lacrosse is finally over, my body might have time to heal.
Two things I've seen enough on Twitter today: Andoctorw Luck to be a Colt tweets.
Hologramthemed jokes in tweets.
Neither are necessary.
I know!
We will talk about it.
Would be fun.
wins the raffle for today!
Congrats  thanks to our sponsors
thank you ma'am.
Look forward to your information...am happy to be an addittional source of information on structured settlements...
omg just found out u b  coachella!!!!!
Too bad im not going:
Ever notice your friends with real problems never complain about them on Twitter or Facebook?
Look up my band on iTunes we're called mercury in summer and if you don't like us you're wierd
probably...
So people can find it and connect it to the presentation more easily...
omg...
true..
weird
hahahahaha WILL you go the java with me?
The Congressional Black Caucus, accepts their award at Freedom Day Awards for their support to South Africa during the struggle.
betch answer your own god damn cousin
Just got a face sunburn by sitting outside for 15 minutes.
So in love with song
RT If you want me to follow you.
Plans to build new Houses of Worship announced  Baha'i World News Service
haha i figured...but i wouldnt know ive never really been to a public school
When your girlfriend sets an alarm for you and her song choice for it is Last Train Home
Did you know that approximately 78 transplants take place every day in the U.S.?
RT Derrick Rose won a state title game 3129 lmao.
Exactly why high school would be better with a shot clock
Getting ready to go doctorp off tax stuff then have the best french toast in the world at Victory Gardens.
Rest of the day writing outside.
I feel better now c:
Have hit the point where my fun bucket is full for the week.
Unfortunately, this doesn't line up well with my schedule for today.
Today would be a good day for two things.
Boating and/ or golfing.
I know I can achieve one of those.
Share how you continually look for contingency options  proactively adapt plans/priorities.
I told my friend I would oovoo with her at 4 after I'm done in the shower.
Looks like thats not happening...
Another weekend comes to an end...
See our new pictures of him
I will be!
Will you?!
tell kDub to come to trivia!
he has the whimsy of a leprechaun and has adopted the gait and posture of Quasimodo
never realized that 1 person commenting on a FB photo posted 4 yrs ago stirs up a hornets nest of new comments.
I can't stand hypocrites or people who talk shit and smile to your face
My niece favorite word is No....I almost slapped her when she told me that..lbs
Has anyone in the history of time ever said, Do you have Sierra Mist?
It is hot in Arrowhead Mall...uuuggghhhhh
Three Stooges movie time.
This is going to be therapeutic.
Cars not working .
.
.
Time to get out and push !
x
Installed a new car stereo in my wife's car for her birthday.
I feel like Tim the Tool Man
Do you ever wonder if before Nabisco made Wheat Thins there was such a thing as Wheat Thicks?
Me: I haven't taken a picture in a while.
takes picture Oh that's why...
oh like when you lived here rent free ???
At least I always paid half of everything
Ah, apologies for the mistake : Not us.
Our handle.
Wrong Plough.
Re: Love ?
We'll be there May 11th...
Nothing beats rock concerts with tech geeks.
I can say it, I am one of them.
Easily my all time least favorite editorial task ever.
mister on the other hand clearly does not mind it.
I'm with you!
Security guard tells the Seattle Nike store will not reopen today after being damaged yesterday.
Everyday tens, hundoctords, and in some cities thousands of people search salons in x nail salon in x is your salon showing up?
happy new years 3
Q5 doesn't relate to me at all either!
you have company!
My cousin said she wants to Eat a small jellyfish : haha omg!
i wish today would hurry up!
My wife has got a turkey tattooed on her ass.
It didn't start that way.
It used to be an eagle, but her Ass just ...
blossomed.
Keep going...it'll payoff in the future!
Interesting: Steve Jobs thought tech would destroy education's aux industries but not alter the fundamentals of good teaching
Jim Nantz is having the best week ever.
awesome.
yeah, i'm presenting a paper about instagram we have used his stuff at the upcoming ICWSM
Harvard square
well that's good but I meant like if you needed to talk kinda thing...
From Vince: our awardwinning weather continues.
Sunny, 75 Monday; Pt Sunny, 80 Tuesday.
I agree!
I'm enjoying the ppv myself.
follow me!?3
omg I know!!!
And they complain its so hot.
And I'm like do you see what your wearing!!
It's way too early to be up.
Heading to El Paso for the day.
Back in Abq tonight.
Team me !
definitely had me thinking there doesn't need to be another one.
So I thought it was pretty good.
Season opener: 7 days away.
This week ibuprofessorn replaces my multivitamin.
Bam !!
Dude remember when we used to play ball in the back yard!!
Ha!
whoa s/o to my new follower and his bad taste in nba teams.
Miss you kid.
Where are the true juggalos and Juggalettes ???
I've really realized who my REAL friends are this weekend.
To the ppl who faked like me  shit: blow me
RT : Good advice if you like history!
RT : is the best Twitter feed.
You should probably follow it.
we're glad you dig it!
Thanks for the RT!
Are you going to be on the auction tonight?
nice...
used to fuel a ton of them down in florida
hey beautiful people :
he wont.
hes not that nice.
even though he licks my arse clean coz i have a season ticket at middlesbrough
and her family are heavily in my thoughts today.
Love you guys
Happy, happy ...
We have 19K likes.
Thank You!!!
great meeting you and hooking up.
Let me know when you're finished with your online home study then we can set some dates
omfg...i thought I was the only one...lol
they're sexy and iconic the way I like women to be portrayed ya know ?
Classic beauty a not slutty
hey what color r your beats??
Lol jw...
Me: Tweeting a whole essay about my life and stuff Nothing Justin Bieber: hi 1,200 mentions per second LOL.
also curator Margi is a alum too ;
Seems he didn't like mister Big Fat Orange Tomcat prowling in the back yard!
she damn sure does only that lady hoehoe can do that shit.
Any sense of who's in the race?
RT :Hey its raining,care to jump head first onto home plate?Hehe I'll put a roofie in his doctornk 4 U, works every time
Please let me have yet ANOTHER doctoram where I get it in with someone super good looking :
If you give a moose a muffin, he'll likely ask you for a blowjob too.
here is the Happy Hour menu!
Hi Michael, how long have you been a lawyer, and what type of law do you practice?
Saturday Scheduled, filled, planned.
What would happen if you took a left turn away from it all?
Give it a try see where the day takes you.
follow me pretty please :
yes!!!
You are the best!
GF tells me is such an honorable man I should ask what he thinks of John Edwards.
GF says JEdwards is a bagged douche
Jumping out of a plane on Sunday...wheeeee!!!
Are you feeling productive today?
How do you get motivated for work?
Woo hoo!
:D RT : Finally my sister is ready for her photoshoot.
ITS ABOUT TIME new post and review coming soon
Its my bed time
I did a lot of prancing  frolicking, sometimes in parks, other times in fields...
on Outlander
Pat I have a ministry for Abused Childoctorn I want to install some of your Music on certain pages for people to listen to
i cannot be beat in fantasy basketball
I am the king of sinful sots!
S/O two ya boy 2 fingaz keep doing ya thing citi team
otayyyy : text me
3 companies pulling ads from Rush Limbaugh.
Why does he get air time?
Can't Sandoctor Fluke sue him for harassment or defamation?
Thank you!!
RT : Happy 25th !
Hope the concert this weekend is beyond memorable.
Only wish I could be there.
PO LO All I Roc Is POLO...POLO POLO POLO  Shout Out To Lil Cam  BAM!!!!!
Original, Halloween.
Remakes?
Chainsaw.
your name is sally?
it's almost four o'clock, and you know what that means...
What's Going On Now show could have used an MCA tip of the hat.
Was hoping for a Dap Kings Sabotage.
can u do that thing for me on twitter plez :
going to caitlins, not in a good mood at all :'.
Gotta love leaving your phone unattended at the barcamp after party.
ArtistSneaks Up Mixtape Submissions are DUE....
Please send them in PRONTO!!!
dude fuck yeah dude dude
whats not to love?
Congrats to on selling half a million tix in advance of opening wkd of their tour!
Welldeserved.
Not a bad call on Rondo  he shouldnt have done that.
the obvious walk and 2 jump balls that were all missed were terrible
follow back?
please :
whats up twitter who's up lets talk
Thanks bro!
RT : Just watched the doctorft for my bands music video, mother of god.
Its amazing.
Thank you
Happy Bday Lil Cuzo!Many, many more!B sure 2 njoy.La u w/my heart.
Blodget: most people want to read the actual journalism that journalists are producing.
SABEW Not emphasized nearly enough.
I don't see why it would hurt to ask.
If it's too late, the worst you'll hear is that.
guess i won't have time to catch the liquor store.
but that's not a bad thing.
I am now...
Lol, I enjoy talking to smart fans.
Nothing wrong with some healthy debates
straight chillin right now
Loving this game
via it's escuela for school :D
Just listened to song Laughter, really good tune!
Y'all should check her out!
I hate politics.
But this year I'm urging everyone on election day to write in Your Mom for President.
true.
But women can't possibly be expected to keep the same hair color/style for 8 years!
;
Vancouver ATL Conference goers...shall we declare a hashtag?
Atlanta probably already hogs
That awkward moment when you have to ride in a car with someone you've hooked up with before
I'm going to start tweeting a random fact every day.
i miss you.
That restaurant used to exist.
It was 'Marvel Mania' at Universal Studios in Hollywood.
Burgers, fries, giant fried onions.
Brett out of town  eating all the tofu and mushrooms I WANT!
Birthday Birthday Birthday!
My birthday is the 25th but I'm celebrating this Sunday night at the Village Pub in Riverside village...
9ish...
Love should be shared every day.
FF to my dear friend  James The Mighty Quinn McDonagh.
He's a good chap ...
follow him!
Hell of a jab, he's got.
:
thanks, u kno we will!
Bubba thinks im hard cause i walked out of class.
Whats a Username?
My browser is a Dell Do i Right Click or Left Click?
RT : Bahaha so they are askin all the
Is it rude to wish a diabetic Sweet doctorams?
ambition is priceless, it's somethin in ya veins.....
And I put that on my name 3
Before we do anything else, can we please replace all the DC sidewalks with permeable pavement?
My shoes are soaked through.
Just hanging out and talking to a few friends online!
: How about you?
:
Is rehearsing tonight.
Are you coming to The Dinner Party this Thursday as we are on the menu!
8pm Atlas Theater Lab 2 1333 H st.
Ditto.
RT : hm.
no sympathies
: Just got to the Front row for concert!
I'm freaking out so much right now.
Awesome!
This movie is scary!
I remember when my grandma said Robert Patterson in Twilight is good looking and you don't find men like that anymore.
SMH!
Thx for joining us!
RT : Waiting for Picking Out Pinot Noir to begin!
Psyched to learn.
tlg2012 Join us in liberty room at 2:45 for You, Innovation and the Alliance.
My niece Samantha Trent is here.
Can't wait to go so her!
We saw this old man meditating in his car ..
Well that's at least what he told us he was doin when we asked him if he was straight
dammit iPhone maybe I wanna type in French  you're not gonna stop me.
Get your community on board!
Have them talk about your programs!
Have them help fund through their support!
Sorry for the delay.
Does Friday still work for you?
What times are best for you?
: RT : I LOVE THEO!
Hotel Carlton has the BEST STAFF evah!
Theo made my stay 1000 even better!
Go Theo!
If he doesn't love you at your worst, he doesn't deserve you at your best.
Hello, we are on old Pineville Rd.
not far from Dilworth.
Just had an event for the men's shelter this week on Dilworth Rd!
All these hoes are stupid as fuck!
I'm too damn sleepy for this...bout to hit the bed with my lady
Red line is almost back to normal!
Headed to VA for some ferris buler.
I don't know yet.
I have a Cardinals game to work that same day.
If it didn't pay so much, it'd be a nobrainer.
Life won't change with one vote, but consistent engagement will.
I can show you the world...
RT : aladdin!
I wanted to be jasmine so bad
Based on psychologic study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months.
If it exceeds, you are already in love
wait is that what the new fridge is for?
You know he loves you.
Why do you act like he doesn't?
Takes 3 weeks for results.
Wait!!!
King of Thrones is a tv show???!!
I thought that joint was a video game!
K plays piano, then texts sitting at the piano, then plays some more.
um im high so i can't help it
Yuck!
Last night's coffee!!
: Damn when u around real niggas u start to duplicate realniggashit....
That's why u been jockin my swagg!!
why does it look like I have sideburns lol
Its cute how mad Chip gets when i dont respond to his text lmao 3
RT : I'd like to welcome James Spader to 'The Office.' He's a fascinating chap  a stern disciplinarian!
I luv Up All Night from one directon!!
Everyone go buy it best song EVER!!!
My new cuddle buddy ..
ok cool.
I'll be looking for it :D
nice jersey!
Inservice.
I work out of District 7.
Missed today's SAchat but planning to look back through the archives.
Have a great day, everyone!
Site is down for a bit.
If you're going to Gator By The Bay, park at the County Administration Bldg for free, then catch the shuttle.
Sheraton parking is 15.
the marketinggrader link fails
I wonder if we're still going Waikele afterschool?
Happening now: Social Fly rocking on stage, patio is packed  our staff is working hard to make sure everyone is having fun!
omg is the most awsome preson in the world :P
she called me out in the middle of my power point slide bc I used a translator!
Obviously I did!
Anyone see my new background 3 Luv ya
The farmer stares at his two worthless childoctorn.
Both of them are adopted, and today he is convinced that's the explanation....
Don't pray for God to put someone in your life.
Pray that you'll be ready when they get there.
he had a 4hr game earlier this weekmore rare than a perfect game!
The ten day weather forecast for Indy is kinda freaking me out!
I'm cautiously grateful...
there is part of me that would want to see if we could see what Nets want for DWill n a big n part that wants to keep Wade
67 in and Munich is putting up a fight!
Luckily, that's all that happened.
In Too Late for Tears, Lizabeth Scott's maniacal focus on a bag full of cash keeps her one step ahead of anyone with a conscience.
YouTube sold to Google for 1.65 billion.
haha.
i love you austin!
I know longer wish to be associated with the Java Rockstar status I've worked so hard to obtain.
So, This New Guy At My School Is Hell Facebook Famous.
He's Cute  Shit, But Everytime I See Him He's With A Different Group Of Girls .
yes, yes we can.
because i already have.
Brooks Lounge is pretty nice..
and not crowded
hahaha 3 weeks and we can at my apartment
I am torn between being horrified and being impressed.
I need to pee.
The ppl at Kriser's weren't kidding when they said dogs LOVE these lamb lung treats.
My dogs start panting when they hear me open the bag.
haha good point!
Setting up Skype visit with teacher inspiring students to read more NF.
Can't wait!
NF isn't abt reports; it's abt YOUR favorite subjects.
39;Glory39; Days: Intimate Experiences, But At A Price?
RT : You might feel worthless to one person, but you are priceless to another.
Dont ever forget your value.
Always vote for principle, though you may vote alone.
John Quincy Adams
thanks rebecca!
how are things?
yes absolutely!
Hey, I don't see any tattoos.
That's encouraging.
better than hbo boxin dude
Uh oh.
All this time, I thought Pancake Time was 24/7!
; Have fun!
Yum!
omg!
Um let's talk tomorrow FOR SURE.
Where's Jorge?
DC?
Speeches and debates start today in T.
Cole auditorium for class queens and officers!
Come out and support at 6 pm!
you're hilarious.
re: chuck e cheese.
Awesome meditation just now with Davidji.
Follow him!!
USDA confirms mad cow case in central California
where did u guys get your awesome backgrounds??pics u had or is there somewhere to find them??
hopespin is working on gettin her permitt next month yall!
so excited.
RT Can't call this one!...who got for the fight bro???
Just bought tickets to see Beirut when they come to Pittsburgh in December.
Excited to finally see them live.
Catch my group, Walk East, this Sunday at the Green Mill 2 PM
3.5mi morningrun; egg white omelette, bowl of fresh fruit; full armor on...
I know.
when is the political meet up you were talking about?
I wish i could grow a beard whenwillpubertyhit?
u need a new bf lol
Don't do it.
It's nasty.
Best description Koolaid flavored deep fried sponge cake.
Next 3 people to reply to this get a free 5x7 autographed pic and short note!
: sent out tomorrow.
please please please fajitasritas
3 days before we leave for Europe and we still have 4 shoots and 2 wedding consultations to go!
Just got that phone call...Its Official Rico Love fr.
Travis Porter.
Its about to get real.

In 1986 in Muscle Shoals, Alabam, you did, indeed, leave the stove on.
exactly!
Back for more next week.
Indianapolis Colts 2012 NFL doctorft Report Card: Fan39;s Take
Well duh, everyone knows that Brennan Neal.
Ok, I'm thinking that you traveled with Doc Brown ala Back to the Future and came back with a Sports Almanac book.
I speak about body language and its relation to customer service.
I am not local to Vancouver, but willing to travel!
:
RT : Congrats to Lisa Sedlar, CEO, , orchid award winner large company executive of the year!
cc'
My review: meh.
thug life ..
How many teams has Calhoun had that was supposed to win it all but didn't?
You act as if he takes unranked players and wins.
Nice talkin to yall yesterday!
Anytime you need some info on Buehler just let me know ;o Yall are awesome and Love yalls show!
If Selena is on, I will watch it.
hmm..not sure how to respond.
I wish you the best bro.
Really I do.
If you knew me you'd know I really mean that...
did you succeed at tying knots in our virtual surgical lab?
Wow I'm amazed ...
Shits real ?
Idk yet
No ARod in the lineup tonight against the Jays.
Really, really dude?
And here I thought his exemplary work at Bain was enough to dislike him.
Is ain't even that long of a doctorve, is it?
Damn.......
you can order the parts and DIY repair kit on Amazon for like 15 :
whats not to love about sand vb good luck this season,
I know.
I knew you would see that.
I need a coffee.
Love your post devil outlook!
S.S.
WEB is home from their tour!
Come  celebrate tonight  BBC, 8pm!!!
S.S.
WEB!
The Blind Staggers!
The DUI's!
The American Dead!
Do it!
okay false alarm, I was able to do it a second time...lost my awesome answer to the last question but at least I got it in!
:
Awesome news coming 4 Gwapafilm!!
Trying not to pee my pants from excitement...
w/
so we are trying too get atleast one celeb dana loves too wish her a happy birthday
Why would RestorationHardware MAIL me a 654page catalog?
Waste and poor targeting.
AlbuDealHub thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
is anyone else's DM tripping out ?
dont say no no no no no.
just say yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
and we'll go go go go go go.
And I still have your gift!
too soon.
Lol.
I'm sorry !
10 hours is apparently my line these days.
This is when I've had enough.
So it goes.
I'm going to go forget.
A genomic factory would build according to softwaremutated, generative designs, never creating the same object twice
shouldnt limit where u can transfer...they can pull scholly at the end of semesters ...why not be free to go where u want

sleeveless shirts are in demand for the gun show!!
Hi Sorry I Didnt Reply Yesterday I Had To Go
you don't give Harrellson enough credit for that.
Wow!
Congrats!
Keep an eye on your inbox.
We're going to send you info on the new products!
Fellow Pittsburgh based startup has a great energy product!
Especially for women!
agree.
Was worried you were adopting Rove spin that any president would take same steps.
gonna cost you an arm and a leg, probably...
Yall irra with this YOLO ish that don't mean do anything
things get change and get strange with the movement of time.
it's happening right now to you.
My prayer 4 myself is Lord wash my heart and purify my mind from the things I have done to myself!
Awh Torn just came on.
Their voices we're so perfect right from the start.
Are you interested in joining Pink Banana's Board of Directors?
Email !
Good morning tweeps.
:
Way to go, Q.
I won't doubt you.....until your next atbat.

God bless America 
GoTribe Upset I didnt stay up and finish that Indians game
you should do this as part of some movie scene ;
RT : When investing, and in life, you dont need to know every answer, but you need to know who to call for the answer.
agree.
It was absolutely amazing.
And titillating!
Best show on TV right now.
Jonsey the Cat has got to be on the SEAL team.
I have broken the iPhone4 !!!!!
Even during a diffult time, my pets make me smile.
brian RT :  Wherever you are in your day, I hope you're smiling.
Looking for resources/research on collaboration  how to quantifypeople, business, communities, organizations.
Thanks.
I really enjoyed your reading last month  PoetryPagesScribes.
pleased to Tweet you.
Thanx for the add.
So A.
To start shooting and filming real estate video, lets discuss the type of budget you would need to acquire your main gear
Never knew the Ernest  Gallo story.
Interesting.
I need to watch the CNBC Biography channel more.
For sure.
But to execute it right is such a rarity....
If only Survivor was more like
Check out this week's Bible, History and Career Czar shows!
W3 Winners will be announced in September.
Good luck in the competition!
We're a few steps closer to 1,600 followers!
Thank you for following us, it means a lot!
Sm Biz are the heart of America, if higher taxes looms, as they become more successful, the incentive to succeed is diminished.
The Reddit iPhone app has diverted my attention.
I'm addicted to memes created by stoned 15 year olds.
That makes two of us, my friend!
You're awesomeness has done wonders!!
D We need to get you on film!
If someone tweets something nice about you, save it as a favorite and use on your site as a testimony says
how's ausi?
lol lookin like Cosby at all star Saturday, u borrow that sweater from Nike Tyson?
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
Peter F.
doctorcker
reading the quality instinct: seeing art through a museum director's eye by Maxwell L.
Anderson
Great weather makes for happy composers.
:
My heart has a complete shut down..
wish we were with you at NSVFSummit.
We will be next year.
Thanks for all you do for
FREE information meeting this Saturday in Los Angeles!
Come find out if we can support your family if your child has autism!
Jeremiah Leviege beat Nick Rados 31 seconds into the first round by TKO from strikes.
If the buccos win, it would be like asking a twin out, getting rejected, then going out with the sister of the twin LGB 
Happy to fill you in.
Provided I survive.
;
at gdc, where's my brohug?!
It was great having u here.
U are welcome to join us 2day for a good Firehouse Lunch.
Homemade Chicken Gumbo is on the menu.
I just seen this really hot Senior in my school...
Wow.
In other words going really fast on my bike haha, hanging out sounds fun.....
Kinda.....
haha
yeah...for me work's getting in the way.
That and my apathy for the 'sport' of golf.
Best of luck!:
Haters are like crickets; they make a lot of noise you can hear but you never see them, then you walk right by them and they're quiet.
Florence and the machine are an addiction
No reason 2 rush  put a time limit on creativity.
I like makin music that ppl dont turn off wen they hear it lol
Son, I always assumed you had sex with your bathists...I know I do.
grin
NONO for Weaver
I possess the power of THOR!!!
Lol
I coach jv hs girls and I'm not sure what these D1 kids r doing
Sweet, have fun!
And thanks man, I'll probably catch it on tv lol
All good things must continue  Bishop Wright
sweet!
Look forward to hearing about them!
One of my social media students just started using Twitter.
Please say hello to !
So is still the best Cory.
By far.
An inspiration to all of us.
Today the Assembly will recognize the 50th Anniversary of the CSU System!
Asms Block and Lara will present ACR 52 to celebrate!
U gotta blame these shitty program directors for playing this bs on the radios
he seems real amused that you're taking a pic of it..lol
banana overtime: experiences in europe  matt, teresa and ben
Happy MLK Day!
Remember, we all have doctorams, and we all need to follow them.
Those who do, get to stay in the history books.
the hs that built a baseball team for Roy Oswalt to play on...is reportedly being consolidated...thx Dad for calling to share the bad news
Come out tonight to our 3 year party at The Mad Frog!
Smooth Money Gesture , Pharaoh Loosey, and Evan Ray!
18.
Music starts at 9pm!
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have.
Make the Now the primary focus of your life.
Eckhart Tolle
I never talked to someone as much as I talk to , that's my baby mama 
Last round
Miss the 9:30 Pulse class?
Don't worry...we have another one coming up at 10:30!
Thank you so much!
You're so sweet!
:
I like you a lot.Think you're really hot.
I pray I get this job in Boston
did u guys win?!
: D
There is no reason Portland should not have an NHL team.
The perfect market for it.
I meant I forgot wat song was on there
hii will u follow me?
what inspired you to do doctorg?
Aww thanks Tammy!
It was a riot to film!
:D
where the hell is all my clothes.
Haha, that's hilarious.
Well hopefully the other ISP's took note of this little experiment.
Taxes: done.
you're so cute.
I love you.3
Just got asked to go to the game tomorrow!
Sweet
I got it as a gift but haven't read it yet.
I hear it's amazing!
.
On you way to the museum?
I am very late!
Ricotta pie is my favorite part of Easter :
Can you even handle that?
It's like someone read our minds....
Twitter is so f'ing strange on my computer!
come on down  I could use an Emmylou!
;
I hit you...to no answer...
Where did you do your TEFL course?
Don't need your consign.
That's a cheap stamp
I need you right now.
At work getting it in, had to do 12 yesterday...
Lets go
just spent twenty minutes writing in Italian what I would do if I were Harry Potter.
now off to bed finally!
Sitting in Kreayshawn's doctorssing room, she's doctornking milk...
Who knew?!?
Cash Rules Everything Around Me C.R.E.A.M.
get your money dolla dolla bills yahhhh!
Peter Thiel.
Best Investment Ever?
Paid 500k for stock now worth 2.5B
Chelsea Grin has cleans now.
Lolwut.
WHY?
do you mostly wear long sleeve shirts when you are playing
yes you who els
Just Got Linear / Sending All My love NowPlaying FreestyleFriday  Feels Like Pho'/Banh Mi  some Pool  some beer / henny
something's just not right about that.
Directioners need to follow!
Who doesn't want to follow a lovely cow anyways?
never apologize for being a stalker.
It's classy!!
yea yea whatever u know that's ur boo!
Lol
Just watched that movie the other day.
Back to back.
Amazing prints.
I.E.
We miss your face.
RT : are you finally back on NEO?!?!
you fat fuck

can I get the show streaming or thru an app?
Hi to Rock from ATL.
Thanks for including us in LeadGen top stories!
I just saw a car hit a park car and FUCKITUP on the side, then swerve off.
I picked up their side mirror and place it on their hood
really hoping to get our own place soon...so stressed
Haha.
Close.
Steam is an online video gaming platform a company named Valve created.
Oversimplification, iTunes for indie games.
Plainfield stride rite.
EVERYTHING 60 OFF!
thanks!
Where in LA are you at?
Huge opportunities for orgs to build access and influence on LinkedIn says Larry Eason of
In the gentle light as the morning near
Exhausted.
Doo started new school today.
First REAL day of being FT worker bee AND supermom.
Not feeling so super : night night  8, yo.
Did not score points with my colleague when commenting on his haircut...
Did you lose a bet with your barber?
A bit touchy, he seems.
Thanks for listing us!
Pics and vids coming soon.
My competition is ONLY with myself..
this way I ensure I'm not comparing myself to someone else: Stacey Chatman
Slept n 2 long
Doing an air shift on Mix 1041.
I feel like I'm cheating on 
Sending up prayers for Haiti.
My husband is from PortauPrince, the capital of Haiti.
I need a good post on how to break one SharePoint 2007 site collection / dB into many site collections / dBs.
Help please?
my bed gave me stage 4 back cancer
haha cute :..
I only cried during lion king and toy story 3 :'/..
Now those are some sad movies lol
where's the tap dancer with the hook from the Apallo theatre?
I'm not a christian asshole.
Trying a slightly different direction on this script rewrite.
Pleased so far, we'll see how it comes together.
Feeling rely bad for my lil sis cuz she's rely sick and shes not sleeping.
Feel better sis.
I'll be praying for you!
Whats amazing the mind isnt the mind inself, is instead consumpt/ion of the wonderful.
Out here, the best thing about you is: you exists
Oh Yeah!
haha Sex 'y'
Thank you for ReTweeting!
Am I the only person who doesn't have a favorite color?
The hopper?
The hopper.
The hopper.
THE HOPPER!
THE HOPPER!
SHUT UP!!!
the hopper.
Loving this oral history project!!!
Helping websites acquire leads and sales using SEO, social media and blogging.
Inventor of the Blog Value Calculator.
Come to this sunday!
We will be wrapping gifts  taking donations for the littlest victim of the Seal Beach shootings.
IM HAVING A REALLY BAD NIGHT SO IT WOULD MAKE MY NIGHT AMAZING IF U FOLLOWED ME AND IT BE A WISH COME TRUE PLEASE TONIGHT 333
Receiving Gloves: Pittsburgh Steelers TwoTone Gloves
Ohh the conversations I have with some people 
on my way to the game right now.
It's going to be a good one
Tonight  Nadine Baum Studio: Babyland: A Fathers Survival Guide by Maury Reed  The Grave Diggers Art by Todd Taylor
how will we record our adventures we are having all next week?....D:
Got some cool stuff in the works.
Also planing for NYC Mobile Tech Meetup.
Check us out!
Just announced, Kevin Costner to Release a special 17th Anniversary edition of Water World and dedicate it to Whitney Houston
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE is trending worldwide .
i remember when you only had 600 followers.
Look at you  your mahomies now 3
I Miss Kaysha
Heading to WVSU at noon today to pass out fliers  invite students to Kingdom Life Fellowship Church
LOVE this organization!
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
St.
Augustine
Yo D.Ross that Yes I Can Video is the realest.
All yall need to check it out!
See what real artist do!
Richmond aint all bad
but...
but...
they got Reggie Bush!
what is the latest?
I hate when memories of things I've tried so hard to forget about resurface.
stefon would not be the top of my list
HAPPY ONE YEAR ICONIVERSARY!
Send this to all the ICONiacz you don't regret meeting.
17 again  perfection
Upset about Facebook's Saverin renouncing his citizenship to avoid taxes?
But O.K.
with Romney hiding his money offshore to avoid taxes?
any ideas for a weekend getaway?
I want to go this weekend...
hey  thank you!!
ok, good morning to you too!
:
loveit!
Currently in seattle for business!
Anything you want to know call me anytime!
Id love to be
MF is a trip F U C K EVERYBODY!
Watching my girl
im ready to go home and i just got here, lol
PS Medieval Worms Expert is on Twitter!
I wish would quit being stubborn 
oh sounds so cool!
Will you posting on 's blog?
:
bummer good thing I didn't pin anything inappropriate lol
You could just get everybody an Ipad ;P
what a fucking doctoram girl.
Upcoming Workshops at EKU SBDC: 12/1, Developing a Business Plan; 12/11, International Trade; 1/27, Using ebay to Start or Expand a Business
Getting things finished up on the website.
Just have the last page of the site, which happens to be the index page...
then on to promotion
Now Watching
can youu come bring me sumn.
I got money then youu can take the money youu sposed to get!
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
It benefits everyone!
: water off a back's duck...
smardigardi pardigardi ahahahaha
Union Station, thank you for showing your Ficelle Love today!
PIERRE heart You!
I chicken out of things :
The darker shirt on the left is a much better look for you.
Dammit, when it rains it pours ;
Librarians/archivists: Know any good resources for how to respectfully remove religious or worship items/texts from collections?
Huge FoodFightMKE event happening in downtown Milwaukee this Friday!
Interested?
DM us for the details!
yea thts y ur knees hurt now
It has a number on the back of it!
Let's trade in all our judging for appreciating.
Let's lay down our righteousness and just be together.
Ram Dass
Any infragistics folks around?
I am in desparate need of some help.
WebdoctorpDown not warking the same after upgrade.
Ah I'm so out of shape
don't even get me started :
Bullshit I love u more: OKAY!
you can love me more but i most deff miss you more lol
SignsThatYoureLonely your only comfort is your cats and masturbation
now he's sleepin like a baby and im wide awake
Len's 'Steam My Sunshine'
Scared money dnt make no money lol so i must be brave
did you guess correctly?!
Magnolia on Congress but Denny's off Oltorf is good if you want to see some freakazoids.
I hate u Cindy
We are proud to announce that Anthony Scaramucci the Founder  Managing Partner of SkyBridge Capital has joined our AA Business Council.
Thanks Aarti!
Hopefully we can get together sometime soon : Have a great holiday weekend!
Grammmyys i hope in not over doctorssed.....kinda feel like i look like tinker bell lol
real challenge tomm.
Kobe scoring 40?
ain't no shame!
hi you make nice icons can you make me one
looks like I belong in a Rob Zombie film or going to a Marilyn Manson concert rockandoctorlllife...
Hope I look professorssional in my pics lol
Ugh I don't even know what I'm feeling right now.
I just wanna cry and scream at the same time 
Sometimes I think about rebuilding the Jeep into a mini Jawa Sandcrawler, but then I remember I have a bad motivator.
Utinni!
Already sore from a noon Crossfit.
They say ill be okay, but I won't ever get over you.
Fantastic runthrough last night!

are closing?!
So sad!!
I haven't had a chance to see either but I've heard nothing but good things about both.
Happy Holidays to you and your's.
Fermentation may have been a greater discovery than fire.David Rains Wallace
BayArea Tonight Fiesta Nightclub SlowDown  Function Party w/  The Team
Thundercats Marathon on cartoon network!
Working hard  hardly working
my first was last November!: I got serious with training in mid June
Ig everybody want to listen to starlito now smh
DeAngelis coffee is roasted fresh every Wednesday.
When was yours?
Happy Friday!
Going out tonight?
I'm going to be at Asia Spice and then rocking in Georgetown!
HSAAAC IS THIS SATURDAY  MAY 1ST  FELIX EVENTS CENTER  7:30PM W/ A LIVE WEBCAST ON FOX SPORTS!
oh its been brought!:D
Georgia Tech plates 3 runs in 5 hits in the 5th to take a 50 lead over
Happy Women's History Month!!
Let's make our own legacies stronger in 2012...
beginning with these great WITI Network events:...
its sad tough..
But o well....
Don't sell yourself short; dare to doctoram...you won't know unless you try.
Not sure on Ortio.
waitandsee.
soft?
We are having a great day!
Hope you are too!
Try an Pandora station and I dare you to sit still at work.
i can smell an attentionwhore from a mile away
Right on!
: Real men never stop trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her....
WORD
Beer bread and Irish Soda Bread will be available until Sunday!
Get yours in time for St.
Patrick's Day!
yaaaaaaaayeaaaaaaaayeaaaaaa!
always!
stevie wonder :
Tony is not a good hitter plus, he was facing a LHP.
The bunt wasn't a bad idea just poorly executed.
About to stop following
Watching White Chicks haha
Ok now I'm really heading to bed.
Love you all.
I live in the web, but in my role at school I use all kinds of other software.
Could I or my colleagues live out of a Chromebook?
Lk 7:47 applies to our relationships as well.
The more lavish our grace to others the greater chance their loyalty to us!
Looks like NYR and Sens going to play a long series
follow me...
Join me Saturday for Hot Yala Nights hosted by It's a great girls night out and will raise money for
Having a killer time at the CSUGala.
Just chatted with SO excited for
Booked another print shoot!!
::
CantSpellAGHASTWithoutAGA RT Aga ..
my back hurts a bit.
I'm gonna go play Brussels.
...logic?
What filmmaker, dead or alive, would you most like to see give a ?
Thanks for the WW mention!
OOOooohhh hey ;P
i apologize to the New York Jets for not liking you on Facebook a long time ago.
About to see the Dictator
definitive metadata standards for DPLA have NOT been decided on.
yea happens at UVA games too, figured that was it.
Weird thing is im pretty sure it was fine at a steelers game
he'll no
this sucks.
I get a new phone and I can't even text anyone
Are you always speaking what is on your mind?
I just heard a shop lifter at the College Station Wal Mart shot someone.
Aeeeww no thank you : really I appreciate you as a friend !!!!
Muahszzz
That's real tricky!!
O wouldn't be anywhere without my bestfriend ............i dont know what i would do without her
BOUT TO GET OUT OF HERE  ROCK THE COCO LOUNGE!!!
I NEED A FEW doctorNKS!!
PARTY TIME!!!!
Can anyone tell me what the term birddogging means?
Think I have been using it incorrectly.
Internets are no help.
check out puscifer  sour grapes.
Listen to all the vocal tracks he has going in the end.
Let's talk about San Diego city government!
What is working?
What needs to be improved?
If that's a night game we should be able to make that happen.
Hey You Guuyyysss?
teamidiots 6/23
ANOTHER LONG DAY AHEAD OF ME.
pahah not yet.
Thanks boo!
Xoxo!; RT S/O 2  follow them they real as it get
HAHA THERE'S PICTURES OF CHRIS BROWN STOPPING HIS CAR TO GET A GIRLS NUMBER....
AWKWARD MOMENT WHEN MY DOG LOOKS BETTER THAN HER.
When people start giving you excuses instead of solutions, that's when you know it's time to let go.
The most runs the Mets, Dodgers  SFGiants have given up in a game this season is 11, the best mark in
Today's weekly ritual of scaring all the animals with the vacuum successful.
4 reminders to use your camera: Shoot someone posing as a traffic cop and stopping traffic.
An authoritative person can be very intimidating
I thought comics were supposed to be funny, not spewing liberal rhetoric!
Norvdog?
Not likely...Flacco  Rice would be nothing w/o my guidance  playcalling.
I make a point to NEVER say this out loud.
RT : It could always be worse.
hence the goggles right?!?!
Finally leaving work.
Argh.
In 1995, Apple still had a vision and even w/o Jobs better leadership.
RIM needs a housecleaning.D
Lakers fans are just like steelers fans .....GAY AS FUCK !!!
I'm a Virgo:
lets tlk here
being 90 only means you have the chance to rise!
Hang in there and look to the future.
nah im good on my dm bein dick pic free....
plus this shit was abnormal n nasty.
i have 0 words.
ask
I love how blasting a good pop song will make you feel 100 times better...every time
lol yeah I was tired of hearing about him too.
I just don't like it when it's long and doctorwn out!
Jon Stewart killed tonight.
Tubby and the Gophers make the NIT.
Is that the slow dance?
that might be the gayest thing ever written.
gotta read the book to understand y the kids kill each other.
Lol
Just like how LIFE teaches you how little journalists get paid...
French.
beauty videos
funny, I would have chosen Johnny Cash, Exene Cervenka, Roy Orbison.
Forget the college fund start a therapy fund.
strongfamily ;
If you follow these people you won't die:
I get white girl angry.
That's worse than any type of anger.
I will wile out anytime, anyplace.
Lost 3 way ccr at grand lux on dinner and all I had was a salad : got 90k goin into 400/800
This Saturday tune in to my radio interview at KDJA 1420AM from 79pm.
We're going to talk about the new EP  I'll play some songs from it.
Based on how many organ parts James is laying down, you'd think we were a prog band.
What happens if you get scared half to death, twice?
Que just introduced me to Earnest Pugh .
He's so nice
VEVOnewfront.
Rio Caraeff, CEO, on stage.
I just hope ........this doesn't cancel my plans for this weekend
Today, I chose my mom over going to the Brewers game.
If that's not the grandest gesture, I don't know what is.
Small town fish fry's are the best.
Good food and great company.
i love the creativity that Gorillaz has brought into Pop music.They gave Del a larger platform,made BobbyWomacks genius a part of 2010.
Just finished that physical agility test and passed up.
this meditation music from my pandora sounds so peaceful with the surround in my room..
ready to knock out.
NightEveryone z
so, Daniela is being an instigator once again.
She needs to be reprimanded.
hey now!
you were legal ; weren't you?
lol
the reason some of us are nameless is to protect past, present, and future connections.
Rostra is where you go
It would be an honor to have you desksit for me, Owney.
But I would need to create new metal tag for occasion.
tomorrow's gonna be emotional waaahhhh.
Bathroom break
when the Sacagawea dollar was released, aCharleston reporter called it the sackagooaway dollar.
I blew coffee outta my nose.
i been good jus working n saving up u still at the same job?
on my way to the courthouse I'll let you when I get out time to go to work
MittRomney has shown how he treats those weaker than he is: like a sociopath with no empathy.
Just who we want for our
New Post  How to Identify Yeast Infection Indicators.
RATELIMITEXCEEDED.
RT : Using OneNoteexport important client emails for safe keeping and backup purposes
Don't.
Stare.
At.
It.
Eat.
It.
sounds good:
Got official word today that my airfare and hotel will be paid for by work for ala11.
Hooray!
It's Crunchtime for California's own After tearing up the Dub this season, he's making his pro debut tonight with Syracuse
not sure it's politically expedient for Newt Schrute to be literally promising the moon.
yeah i notice things
ARR is also fired up about Rondy!
Starting next Friday, 2/24.
The ANC depot will have model trains and great deals in our gift shop!
They're just so unattractive.
Black men though, m 
There is a giveaway at www.glutenfreefrenzy.com, check it out!
Thanks and !
why are you here at ala10?
Why did you join ala?
What have you learned?
Grace, I've been to the Eames house.
3 that it's cluttery and lived in.
Also, a friend of mine used to work w/the Eames'!
lucky!
We start at 7:35
There's no in Union Station, Washington, DC, this year due to earthquake repairs but there is one at !
Im Just Gonna Delete My Twitter
Who can contribute to SEP IRA?
An employee is eligible to participate in a SEP IRA if he or she is at least 21 years old and has worked...
Busy CV council agenda tonight.
Consideration of contract extension for Amisterfor advanced life support and ambulance services.
It's just as hard to get to follow as it is to get to follow!!!
getting kinda good at this.....
im sure there's a way to get it without buying
this is so random but is your mom a teacher?
Hey, Whore.
Has your right leg meat your left leg yet?
I mean, damn bitch.
CLOSE YOUR LEGS!
xD Its starting to stink up in here!
Obama still got enough Votes leftover from the 08 Election to whoop Mitt Romney's Ass in November..
4 more years Bitches!
:
my cuzin is here having a blast :p
Leadership is an action, not a position.
Donald H.
McGannon
I feel really proud of myself that I'm awake to see on indystyle this morning at 9.
will be at Nickleby's Lounge in Akron tonight!
doctornk specials  good music all night long!
This day is half over.
Our contest has ended.
CONGRATS to our top 5 most stylish campuses: !!
I'm disappointed  probably neat features on the way with new itunes.com, but I liked the Lala model.
Full song previews?
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you !
we loveU8
you may be right.
I'll let you know when I finish it.
Testing if they listen.
Can't believe systems can't fix pricing error.
Better ingredients better pizza better systems
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE!!
I mean, since I already had a bagel, there's no sense in me going to the gym after work either :
If you have a relationship with God, everything else will work itself out
he is
Oh yeah?!
That's awesome!
Thanks so much!
:
Listening to some house : lakeshow tonight bby!
President's helo's just flew over...a short limo ride and George's party begins up the roadfor donors who can afford a 40,000 dinner :O
Retweet and follow if you want to see my young boobs :
Oh yay, I found it.
It was underneath my cover.
everythings changed so much these past couple months.
Great quote on Newt from : He's an impressive guy but no one is more impressed with him than Gingrich himself
NO SCHOOL!
WHOO!:
hate waiting for books to be published
NO HE JUST HIT ME WITH A WE NEED TO TALK!!!
I WANNA CRY
Nobody gets how much i love hes the best i rly love when he connects with us nd makes all of us feel better :
What a day!
teaching w/me  21 videos clips for ...OUT of my comfort zone!
GloREH!

what will this mean to fast track local sports teams.
I'd like to learn more!
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself VeteransDay11/11/11
I have an event to attend on Friday, but would absolutely love to set something up!
Postproduktion my short filmLIFES TOO SHORT FOR BAD COFFEE.
In other news, the amount of smoke that incense produces terrifies my inner fire marshal.
Tension running high in the library as 2 students argue over the stapler.
Really.
Hope to see everyone out at the pflugerville expo today!!
We will be performing!!
:
We hope to see you at our upcoming exhibition!
Oh, that's good.
As long as the world can see it, I'm fine not looking at myself for a couple hours.
I was in a cab on the way to Howard Theater!
Which is AMAZING, by the way.
Awesome!
RT : I hope you all can watch my film The Shift next week on OWN.
Thank you for airing this.
Walked into some hip hop.
our country : Breaking: U.S.
Supreme Court refuses to twitter.
Waiting for my grilled tempeh reuben at the MSP airport.
Wow bummer!
ur welcome sweetie :
omg i dont even know why i'm on this account i didn't realize it till now...bye!
Today day was quick, after the normal Monday meeting it was one new client after another calling for consultations.
2009 is looking good.
Teen Boat's better.
Whatever you do, don't mention Justin Beiber in a tweet.
You will get more spam than you can imagine.
ON MY JOURNEY HOME says everything ur loved one cannot when incapacitated.
Takes gone from my sight 4 steps further.
Post office and BullFish are open!
Nice.
Congrats, Melissa.
Mishon  Turn It Up ft.
Roscoe Dash: via use to be this shidddd !
OMG!
Totally forgot about D  D...just made my day better.
Chocolate munchkins...m.
Flickr was always a great social site masquarading as a photo sharing site, Meet Ups might help
RIP Mike Hood 3
Your Really Annoying Me.
ESPN broke the story too early, should have let the process play out.
It's too convoluted right now.
I hope it's all crap.
Depends how badly they want it, I guess...you know the theory, what you can't have you want most!
Lol
RT : planned LMSunSIG via Google ...
Totally awesome collaboration between Brown, WPI, Curry, BU, Wentworth, Suffolk.
...and I completely agree again.
Me and Ochocinco we're obviously seperated at birth.
He just got all the athletic and swag genes
Gonna go to adoctorans house ina bit c:
: Eating 34 marshmallows will soothe a sore throat.
that is for you.
Steve Martin's picture cracks me up every time I see it.
i'm so sorry to hear that!
i hope everything goes well!
you're family is in my thoughts and prayers.
Not going to Thailand....
Say WHAT?!
Making up for the time we missed together....
Be SURE the home is spotless  use lighting to bring out the best features in it.
Glades season 3
You're welcome Have a great day!
Hildoctorth: Key role for IMLS dpla  Investing in next generation of librarians
nice job.
:p
If you make up your face to look like another race, Should'nt you make up your mind and decide on who you really want to be?
that's the plan
I am certainly not one of people who have to be prodded.
In fact, if anything, I am the prod.
Augh.
Dictionary people, please tell this guy that modern usage matters in advice abt casual use of word rape.
RT : Stop being so damn lazy work nigga work work work work work work get yo own shit!
Be a boss ,  don't judge the next ...
we came damn close!
What are the names of Mickey's 2 nephews?
1st to answer by 2pm today will get 1 FREE day off a rental of three or more days.
4844797
If you meet KK4DAN, say hi for Blake and me.
I GET MY BRACES OFF TOMORROW:
just getting home, long day!
ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis...
Get him to the penis.
It's not enough to just simply believe in yourself.
You also have to be right.
lmaoo!
That's a good one!
Shit was dope.
Yay and sorry for sounding stalkerlike
Hi and RT
Happy Birthday pookie!!!
;
me too!
I'll send you pictures and tweet you a piece of cake!
BREAKING: Taylor Swift is at the Clooney/Obama fundoctoriser!
via
Never thought I'd be this excited for disco
Just want to recognize , tho 123K already do.
We disagree at times, but he's always astute, witty,  quintessentially
.
shows the ugly, ugly XML backend data from a major digital collection of English lit texts.
you're welcome girl!
he mad almost all the time dude lol.
Apparently my boss' assault rifle is as customizable as my bike, making conversations about firearms and cycling rather frequent.
i think when i go to sleep i turn into a giraffe!
Received!
Thank you thank you!
Wish I had some luck.
He's legit, the passing is spectacular.
Rubio has impressed me.
who was u talking about then
Except more people of color // MT : Wow.
CNN's virtual convention floor looks like the GOP convention from 2008.
'twas the night before College Fashion Week!
My life be like ooh ah
anyone out there know of research on digital divide at neighborhood and city levels?
LMAO, ill text you now!
Such a good morning at Oakland Church in Distant, PA.
So humbled and grateful.
im serious though because ive had back problems for years
TV's can pull a lot of electricity when they are off!
Unplug TVs or turn off the power strip to save money.
Thx!
RT Finally getting around to uploading some photos of Denver.
Hands down favorite adventure 1 Clyfford Still .
.
Museum.
After an amazing night of watching AbFab with Sal, I gotta come back to reality and start classes...boo!
Happy birthday to my amazing cousin Taylor Wolters.
love you so much
you lied about Jonah
Get dinner on the table quick!
Our rotisserie bids are just 6.99 each, antibiotic free, no hormones.
Tonight 79pm 10 all you can doctornk..
Come in and enjoy the best deal on the island..
aww, well make sure to give her extra cuddles :
Great conference last week!
Expect an OGI 2.0 conference in near futuredates to come soon!
Suggestions 4 what u want to see?
Tweet!
I swear..
my mom pulls more dudes than me..
:
Made rounds of the building, came back to find I missed a fistfight on my own floor
I needed to hear this today: Be brave.
Take risks.
Nothing can substitute experience.
Paulo Coelho
Awesome!
This all got started for my 30th birthday party!
We have 8 team members from our family, too.

Dumb to realize that, then he isn't even worth it.
You're gonna find someone who treats you way better
TeamFollowBack is a Culture
Seriously!
Now everything is technically in a bread bowl
thanks for the great food!!
If you ever need help in the future on big events please let me know!!
Who's done their SXSW homework?
Is it too late to borrow the CliffsNotes?
Not doing any work for the past two weeks is really coming back to bite me in the ass right about now...
Thanks and feel free to check us out: a 15minute podcast that brings the funny.
gulp RT : Hate  my fuel
ok, I'll DM you tomorrow with a time just to doublecheck.
Thank you again!!!!
How old
hahahha ok so you're doing three things at the same time thats cool ; hahahah
grateful for the weather.
Ever so grateful.
Reminds me of home but not enough to cause homesickness.
So when I have questions you'll be my guru to consult with.
:
don't know but he sure the hell wasn't in Indiana for the first half
TREEFORT TOMORROW AT THE CRUX AT 5PM.
BE THERE.
misterMike Russell is signing at our table until 4pm today.
Come say hi!
As of this week I tweet on behalf of the Echo Beach Band inviting you to Follow, to keep up with gigs and other news
Wait, what?
You've been on the LIE for 9 hours?
Are you home yet?
We just read this at like 9:40 West Coast time.
Madison Pharmacy Associates was the first pharmacy in the nation to specialize in womens health.
Monday night.
Let's grab some doctornks.
Book it
Hey Tom, I watched the episode of SNL that you hosted last night..
I had totally forgot that you hosted..
it was classic!
lets see, me katie, sam, keigon, sarah, katie...
yep you don't jump around.
for with much wisdom, comes much sorrow, the more knowledge, the more grief
That's what I need!
Coworkers to bug!
Radio: Mirkarimi's wife Eliana Lpez said she's looking for legal advice in Venezuela to protect herself from the abuses of
It makes me sad when a baby is crying and the mom just shoves a pacifier in it's mouth.
Humans shouldn't have corks!
I like to think we're old enough to know better, but still young enough not to care!
I told the guys to give you a headsup so you didn't lose it!
It may have some  but text MIP Plus to 121 2 add
yeah we really should hangout!
I miss all of you guys!
Curried Lakeview is OPEN nightly til 9pm for pick up and delivery...3227 N.
Clark 
I want to be a gentleman, because I am.
I also want to satisfy whatever needs you may have.
IAin'tEmbarassed
I LOVE YOU
Text KARTRACER to 87654 for a chance to win FREE Wristbands!
I want to go to there with you.
you joined a new band?
Hey, you just mentioned me!
Glad you enjoyed that video.
The scene where the guy was rising from his chair was hysterical.
Partying, hmu if your bored.
Unneeded cargo makes vehicles work harder  use more gas.
An extra 100 lbs reduces fuel economy up to 2 percent!
IGetJealousOf People who have care free lives and don't realize what they got until it's gone.
RT: 15 days of school left
U meet the clone dude and zimos yet?
RT dis game jus wild and makes no sense at all
Glee Cast Are Inspirations sssssssssssi 3
On my
hell of a bender last night, just woke up gotta get to Bucks Live Pregame Fast!
Anyone whose been in my car should be proudbumped my seat  back rest back a notch;Steering wheel isnt in my lap anymore!
Harrisburgians now open on Sundays 82.
Excellent local business with seriously top notch coffee.
I'll miss it when I move.
float like a butterfly.
sting like a bee.
3
People that don't know me, don't know that I went to NYU.
It was for a brief moment to do some toilet cleaning, but I did go there, I did.
Getting ready for another ALO session at the MSCHE Annual Meeting.
RT: Walkoff homer by Rays Allen estimated at 431 feet
Cheers the years reminiscing.
Thank you to all the vegans who came out tonight!
We might need to have vegan slices on more than just Tuesday nights...
Whitehall wants to regulate portable storage structures
lmfaooo I was talki bout him
Just read that there are no stupid questions, just a lot of inquisitive idiots...I have to say, while I dont agree, I did crack up
Oh good golly.
I'm all atwitter to tour inland steel bldg with for
I think I wrote some training for that guy too!
Derp is right.
What a dumbell.

Thank you!
Have a fantastic weekend!
oh right.
I never thought if that.
He was a bit gleeful, eh?
Like the Smithsonian?
They would probably give me a spare part, right?
Welcome home!
Glad you had a safe trip.
earworm: Subway to Venus
Yes!!!!
RT : Does this mean we get to don cool ninja outfits?
peace love and party with sluts
nate claimed to have sent it.
Did brett get it?
Nate is in michigan, but back tomorrow.
I will bust his balls....
thanx for the S/O girl 
Bears well get there ass kicked tonight
Goodnight beautiful.xoxo :
ahh yes.
Been a while since I've read it.
Cool.
Thanks.
Its always something
Just got done with a nice riding session with and Show tomorrow at lawrenceburg fair.
6:30 and 8:00!
uploading to bandcamp, slow but worth it.
Almost ready for prime time.
you dont grind, you dont shine !
RT You don't work, you don't eat
yea yu did
I tried on Kindle Fire and iPhone and couldn't make it work :
Numptydoofasaurus...that's me ;
Is Lady Gaga crying?
I wonder if we have time to go Jus' Mac before the Black Keys concert?
I voted for you like 50 times.
Hope you win!
My parents are so hipocritical.
They say I act different around friends, but then they go and act all nice around mine when their really not
congrats on the new blog!
Thank you for the recent RTs!
You should follow Her tweets have been my biggest guilty pleasure for months.
But, good Guy record store owner has records at a reasonable price, organized, and has a story about every record in the shop.
a screamo song too.
They made it first
Hell yeah i'm a belieber, yeah i'm mindless, and yeah i'm a directioner !
hi guys
Ok, We are picking one more winner for sub!
And the winner is...
That's Straight.
I'm Down
please follow !
its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY !
GO FOLLOW  ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME!Plz3
You always were a smart cookie.
doctorss shopping summertimee :
Just went out again and did the routine about 4 times...pretty good...
good points!
I have a feeling that cena will win since he's the face of WWE.
Rock comes and goes
That's was a play!
WE BUY GOLD,SILVER,ARTICLES OF VALUE!WATCH BATTERIES FROM  1.99 !
REPAIRS,CRYSTALS, BANDS,FREE LAYAWAY !
Hey so did you get the mj memorial tickets?
tweet: blogblackmiami Wow.
Quote of the night: I may walk up here in a suit but I wear many hats too!
Rod Vereen
Where a fat bitch at when you need her to cook fir you
YES!
Rocky Mountain Rollergirls will be there, with a Zombie Party Bus going :45 to our Zombs vs.
Vamps bout!
Doesn't get much better than hot coffee and popovers.
I have been training for weeks!
you're mine too.
Love you Enano.
Out In Queens W/ Clearing Up Our Sinus..Teehahehaa..
Hello world
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay are nothing.
because I would never say it!
mwoo hah hah.
True!
Maybe in time they can both come to love and respect women, too.
yeah : it's a small world
FOLLOW BACK?
:
When life gives you lemons, make Lemoncello cupcakes!
wordsofwisdom :P
On top of the Empire Hotel for Nautica...look for pops of pink, tailored separates and nautical stripes this spring!

very good
God don't care about that shit.
He is more interested in the poor and the widows.
Get your shit together Mike.
that would be awesome!
Ariana's boobs  Mo's weird mask thing
How will the Yankee urvive?
When men fight against God, they do so by the power of God.
Paul Washer
lol that's what's up
Not early enough
HUH??
RT : RT : Justin Bieber is walking out with Floyd Mayweather.
Now I've seen everything.
lets talk
Tada...Just voted on all June 5 primary issues by mail.
All political mailers, TV ads and robocalls to be ignored henceforth!
Coloring like a pro!
yeah I think it would be like 3 Kilimanjaro's in a row.
Level 15.
Just posted about GOOGLE turning 10 tomorrow.
It's hard to believe how far they've gone.
but I am going to bed.
Not cause you to me to..
Just because I do what I want 
Have fun!!!
after almost a year of apartment searching, I've settled on Woodley Park area, steps from the zoo!
And getting away with what most other people would get arrested for.
Daddy Day Care is a really funny movie
In the basement...
scared..save me..
but still most trailers that i've seen that I liked, I usually liked the movie too!!
I'm gonna have to check it out now!!
I still don't believe my reflection vhshjxvskhsdjk oh gosh
ha, you also should add people who have rolling luggage to the list
Back from the movies.
Up fightin sleep for some reason.
last class
It seems to me they don't realize that a lot of the books they carry are anything but.
On my way to London to work for the day..
This is way too early in the morning to be traveling though!
shehechat taps fingers waiting for you
You will ROCK it!
Best of luck!
Holding an Isagenix opportunity meeting at my place this Sunday.
If you're near me in Washington, visit to learn about the business!
:
Booked hotel and registered for slachicago.
So excited to be in Chicago this summer!
A man suffered a heart attack while eating a Triple Bypass Burger at the Heart Attack Grill in Las Vegas.
Wis.
Republican Party sends out statement reacting to Barrett primary win, even though polls are still open.
just did a shot of honey .
I'm so fucking sick .
you going to the game?
are you doctornking early today?
DontTextMeTalkingAbout anything...
If your texting me outa the blue then obv you need a ride or your keys are locked in your car wtf!!!
no way that must have been so nice!
I'm sold!
What street is the entrance on?
right here!
Even if they win tonight it's too little to late they have 4 straight to win..
don't give me that face Andoctor.
You be throw a smile up there and be happy :
Wouldn't Dave Wallace be a nice fit?
Was here before and worked with BV w/Mets.
breh, I mean.
Breh.
Seriously, breh.
youre so not even listening to what I'm saying here, breh.
if i don't make cheer i swear ima feel so fucking stupid .
eChalkers  do you follow ?
Great resources for your school sites and online classrooms!
PeytonManning Orange 18.
So excited for football!!
hell yes
My son Tristan
Take time to really develop a solid marketing funnel with a funded proposal in place to engage your list.

Great changes when used properly.
Boring and annoying when not.
I am!
About 15 minutes!
Haha I'm excited too but I will not read spoilers tonight!
Let me know what you think.
How's the day?
It's a true DH!
Day 3 of the busiest week of the year .
you should add in a piece of that lemon pound cake...so good.
Home to celebrate my brothers birthday!!
Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends!!!!
Watching the State of the Union
What to do today  make pillows or garden?
RT Lets come together, show support  thank for taking a stand for MarriageEquality today.
Don't forget to turn your clocks forward Sunday morning/Saturday Night or you will all be late your open houses and showings!
thank you love3
The next time KState pays off the refs, they need to make it less obvious.
Van  Scary.
Beth is my favorite on dog the bounty hunter.
she's strong and opinionated.
I run new York.
If I do get murdered in this motel, will someone please deduct a star from my review over on Yelp?
Thanks
you were right.
U texted me everytime they scored.
Wanna know what you need to do?
I miss ya too man, and okay!
Haha
yea both of them are
A whimsical Barber is in at
Fear  no.
Respect  perhaps...
but that is as far as I go..
OK THE BIG NEWS!!..
YOU READY??..
WE ARE OPENING FOR MSTRKRFT  BIRD PETERSON.
on MARCH 13th DIG THAT//.we are very EXCITED..
Cheers!
a great reason to get out to the 1st Wit's End party of 2012 Saturday!
What's wrong?
Good thing Blake Griffin isnt in the Dunk Contest this year.
Now we get some guys that can actually dunk, like Chase Budinger
Have you ever had sex in a movie theater?
Reply to us with YES or NO to vote
Asap Rocky is
I am loyal but I want to give back some Klout love I've received lately  Twitter is all ab unique content  reciprocity :
It's people with your frame of mind that have created a two income home.
Childoctorn are better off when mom stays home.
PERIOD
Will you get marry?
how can you tweet with all these classes to worry bout smh
Congrats on the Madden cover!
Represent the Lions and shut down that supposed curse.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
Why is Curreny only on for the west coast dates for Roc the Bells?.
can u do me a shoutout?thanks.:i heard bout the call!:
LOVE YOU TOO MY SISTA!!!!
It was so fun!!!
I'm sitting here telling my bro about all your movies...that we didn't get to watch.
i swear oomf was all about tennessee basketball untill kentucky won...
now there all big blue ha.
Just finished the season 2 finale of WalkingDead.
Omg, why isn't it coming back sooner???
If you make extensive professorssional contacts via social networks, I don't see how you could avoid it
How are you tonight luv?
;
Thanks for Likeing our Page, y'all!
MCA was with it and he's my ace.
I'll be at mt vernon next week....
can't say I'm too excited
Hi Sonya, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
Life is very short and what we have to do must be done in the now
Who gives a shit if a guy wants to change his name, it's his choice i don't really give a fuck
I love you3
I accidentally watched 20 seconds of glee.....kill me now
good morning!
they both haf the same pair of nike shocks in 6th grade!
FF Following because if says they rock, they ROCK!
Happy 4th!
We have a giant gift for you on Wednesday.
Consider it a vindication of your requests for years.
Nope did you?
We get it..you model.
hey y'all sorry i havn't tweeted 4 a while i've been really busy
I used hairspray for the first time everr xD It's working good for me,which is great!
It's Herbal Essences hairspray so yea...
:P
life's a beach bro, and that's a full blown beard  dont hate on
RT : Sorry to be missing Pitch tonight.
Keep rockin' those crazygreat ideas, chicago startups!
Hey are you guys coming over for tomorrow's Jazz lunch in the circle?!?
that's good hun :P3
Happy Easter everyone!
God Bless!!!
cool, kemey?R u going back to eri soon?
Btw u r tsebakitey,srry for my spelling, I'm bad at writing words in Tigrinya Lol
where do I need to doctorp in and what kinda grub?
Jesus' sacrifice on the Cross......
It is the death and resurrection that gives true life to those who follow Him.
Will anyone use Excel is pay comp in 20 years?
Not one hand raised
well I think the corollary to the trauma is that parents try to heal undoctorsolved trauma through their kids.
Do you ever sell film rights before you sell a manuscript to a publishing house?
If so, does that help sell the manuscript?
Three day weekend!
Any big plans?
I rather doing my father's business whatever he says I do.
Aint easy but the savior has us.
I go In the hood cause
This is NOT the Mets, things are different over here!
Yankees Universe!
what up!
Lmao on my last RT :D
Ceviche hit the spot!
One, two, three, four Get your booty on the dance floor.
Work it out, shake it little momma c;
Wait, Norman Borlaug died in 2009?
Where was I?
Probably chowing down on some bread made from dwarf wheat or something
RT : No vote from Players, citing need to review/peruse more details.
And so we wait.
Labor pains continue, no baby yet.
Press conf in NM mass shooting delayed.
Chief Schultz at crime lab.
Stayed up in a plank for 80 seconds on a wii balance board in a little tiny circle and never got out of it!:
agreed!
So sweet ; an Caden i need to tell u something
maybe but im not going to like her like that and yes i did moved on ..
was told today they do not yet have plan for UNIV 1010 retake.
I Mean Its Only Common Sense .
.
yea so not in the mood for this....
Thanks for the RT, friends!
Doing what homie wish he could.
My gurl  black   cuban with green eyes with a nice personality, clearly I'm winning
My piano tuner is making my house sound like a Jazz Club in NOLA!
Now all I need is a Cafe Au Lait and some Beignets.
Absolutely wonderful
what's good homie
Anyone watching American Idol tonight?
...and that's Day 2.
doctorms are done and James laid down some sweet sounds on a Hammond.
All is well.
Thanks.
How goes your day?
hehehe
Happy Friday!
No triskaidekaphobia here.
You?
I don't care how sexy you make that little car look.
My 6'2 husband will never fit inside there comfortably.
And I still think it's ugly.
Please follow // and i'll DM then :
I was hoping you'd tell me you got it at Jumbars or some bakery in Bethlehem or something so I could go buy one
I like people that are their own individuals, their own person, that doesn't need anyone.
Independent...
That's what i like.
so gettin ready for dis Climax Party....
i can c u enjoyin in yo eyes
you silly.
Lmao
Out with a friend and his friends from law school...should be interesting...
So much to be thankful for this year.
Gettin' all mushy and sht.
We are ready for demo day Great meeting tonight.
folks from Sacramento scheduled to attend.
What said
Correction northern Alabama
Just arrived at successinthecity downtown.
Looking forward to the chick chat!
The novel still has plenty of time to find its Citizen Kane.
Np : At Your Best !
That sounds scary!!!
I want company but everyone iz at work GrRr
2010: You're only cool if you have silly bandz.
2011: Planking is boss.
2012: HEY!
Let's all choke on cinnamonn.
yepp thats not going to happen...
I can't watch the almost kiss at the end of the elt video.
I emotionally just can't do it
haha i know right.
Most of them don't know a damn thing about sports, much less even play..
Lol
the amends that i dont want to confront imma write em down n burn that bitch
I think the show is suffering from over exposure and over discussion.
I also think it has to stand for too much.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day, y'all...
Cam gigandet , why must your face look so amazing?
Follow AYo on Twitter and the team
has a date with Wharton's SBDC tomorrow.
Swell.
In the
anyone wanna take us on in a game of basket ball?
We go hard in the motha fucking paint !!!!
ROFL.
You rock
OTN : Good Night :
uh yahh , I hope youre NOT !
!
getting hair done : ?
hey there :
looking for a great burger?
You'll have to check us out some time!
We'll be in south side soon, too.
Pretty little liars c:
yea i bet it was :
Totes!
I'll bring my catalog to the office tomorrow!
Go down on ?
Refinancing and consolidating debt in Texas is our specialty!
www.amcaphomeloans.com
thanks so much for your support Norris!
update please!
: for real though!
it was the best of times.
it was the worst of times.
bus49 facts!
haha apparently XD It's the first thing some people tell me when they meet me P
Feels good to be back in Colorado.
Can't wait to see all the peeps...
but man is it cold here!
You are welcome!
S/O to my new followers go follow themm
Add Toledo to the list of Division I schools offering a scholarship to Homestead junior Luke Worthington.
Lost in Translation, House and Battle Royale at the Castro tonight.
Best triple feature ever.
Anyone else going?
Census finds number of uninsured not statistically different from 2009 to 2010.
Nearly 50 million Americans had no health insurance in 2010.
!!!
Ha RT : They got swept...
RT : Damn at least the Mavs put up a fuckin fight...
Big day tomorrow: starting to get really excited!
Sure ur the only nut w/glow sticks,haha
lol girl please
OMG i love under the mistletoe best song ever !!!!
3
oh yeah sorry ihavent been on myphne broke deffinately bouttah get anew one pretty soon
When nothing goes right, go left.
Stomach touching my back....
Look at all the followers you have!!!:
BET YOU WONT FiGHT EM!
I'm stopping for now..
Damn thunder is taking it to them!
Hey.
Kid.
Walking down 5th ave snacking on a bag of carrots.
Yeah, you...atta boy.
Nick!
Do you feel better?!
Hope you do!
Have a good day!
always makes me nervous to turn in my edits to something.
no, but tempt me with a doctor Pepper and see what happens :
Just realized we have a four day week
Today is a great day to make fun of people.
That's because the only minority he wants to protect are white, christian, working males.
yeah i dont know if i can deal with opening weekend crowds
definitely a lot of germs flying around that pit.
LOL
yeah no kidding, let him keep running his mouth...that's not our style, we'll be happy to shut it for him
Ann has NOT lost her touch!
Still has range and that signature raspy voice!
1DFact When Louis bored,he says he'll poke Harry to annoy him.
Watching breaking dawn while eating twinkies at 1am...
Lololol
I don't really know what to say about the single life.
I'm not looking, but it could help.
:D
I'm thankful for falling asleep to the sound of rain
Say somethin' cause you're doctorving me crazy..
Today is our 3 year anniversary.
Thank you for your support, Indy!
SNOW DAY
Just watched Friday's episode of The Shark Tank and that last deal put a huge smile on my face.
Way to go
So happy it's on again.
Just got a lesson in voice acting with Andoctora Romano.
doctoram come true!
thanks gorgeous
Many people would give up their pups and dogs if appropriatelytimed crating was not an option.
Crates save many lives.
Watching Infested on animal planet.
Ewwww.
wanted to kill the sexiest person aliveBut suicides a crime
it sucks i got change a 8 year olds diaper this kid is a special needs kid but i love taking care of him : he so sweet
I cant look at the news or anything I hate WOW!
company and then they not even picking up when i calling them
Up and rolling since 0400.
Is there any way that Damon's clubhouse nickname can be anything other than Crampa?
Hello Seattle.
If you need delivered lunch, just give us a call 2064419235.
Or come downstairs for a nice break
ThingsILookFor New Exciting Ventures!:
Should states have short term marriage license?
To help with the divorce rate.
: My point.
That Nuggets team, like the other teams in the playoffs are more athletic than ANY team Jordan faced.
If you doctornk or smoke at all;
Congrats to my best friend getting the job at dillards...now buy me some shoes!
Our Hero appreciates you taking a break from tweeting about baking.
Five year olds make an earthquake from a shower curtain.
Day made.
Whoa.
Adam Yauch.
Only 47.
Such a loss.
you win this round..
thanks 4 the follow.....
We are interviewing for an internship for the summer 2011 season!
Applicants may inquire further at
Thanks for helping answer one of life's persistent questions!
Stephen Colbert and General Odierno are singing I'll Be Home For Christmas in honor of the ending of the Iraq War.
She going right, she going left.
I can't help myself
poor intern has to sit next to Lauren
Can you define Soul Food in 140 characters or less?
I hate my reeboks now
lol  ok i'll find something fun for us to do : i owe you a call tomorrow anyway.
If you create your own duress, you usually have to suffer with it.
Let me know if you have any questions!
RT : One thing I know is all the great writers I know have wrestled with the world.junot Diaz, speaking at Trinity U
no we said Punk does it never said he was originator CazClown
hey tweeps my chard went bizurker with all the rain lately.
what are your favorite recipes for chard?
I love those nights when you're sleeping and its raining outside.
Cold.
Quite.
Dark.
Peaceful.
3
HOW FREAKIN ADORABLE!!!!
I wanna name her....MAHANA!!!
:D
Fianl week of school before spring break
Its wise to learn from experience, and its even wiser to learn from the experience of others!
We need men and women who want a liquidfacelift for a TV Show.
We are casting a show and need energetic people to star.
Treatment is free!
Yep!
They've been pretty short, although the discussion posts effectively double the amount of reading each module.
Verbose class.
Yes, me too...we all crashed their site!
Needs some Keha in his life right now!
Thanks for the RT yesterday.
Value and benefits of social engagement: Brand Equity, loyalty, consumer insights, UGC, earned media, stories, sales and market share
hell yea man smh
Who was the snitch?
Out of nowhere  with no context, I told my beloved I wanted a flamethrower for Mother's Day and it didn't even faze him 3
that a girl a rangers fan
Don't forget what your committed to
Q12.
Not clear how q re learning  comm r tethered to museum.
In context of a particular exhib?
yup yup :D
nice I'm just eating some chicken fingers
is it just me who gets reeaaalllyyy pissed when someone types 1d and not 1D..?
Decided to switch my beekeeping class to tomorrow w/ Super excited.
Wish was here to provide tips.
I'm in India!
Will be back in a month.
The lack of a sense of history is the damnation of the modern world.
Robert Penn Warren
Yay my gym is back open  so I'm back to my morning workouts!
Status: updated
I know my momma gonna test me and see if I tell her happy mothers day...
She gon get a text when she wakes up.
Stupid people that I don't know keep on calling me and I've had the same number for like 5yrs..!
no!!
The Pacers are my favorite team but Lebron is my favorite player...
that's totally different
meth or Coke
Nothing like chasing nyquil with a jager bomb!
Though, they do seem eerily similar...
Its okay, won't remember it tomorrow!
The first sentence of a press release is key.
That first sentence is much more important than the layout or its length.
just recieved my annual reminder from mom that today should have been my bday but as i ve been lazy from the start i was born a week late
CorporateGreed where the fuck Obama at?
I was about to post something about a Gat.
Needed to make it less threatening, or Im dead like 2Pac
: My sleep schedule is nonexistent.
my favorite fav of the day.
Thanks for the RT!
that would be the best place to start for sure...
maybe more too!?
If your just saying is not the precursor to your...just doing...just keep quiet!
And the creative gears are turning!
...and once they start, there's no turning back.
It's going to be a good weekend.
I have eaten my last snack.
There is no more hope.
I'm gonna die here.
Bristol TN/VA area tweeps  you MUST go visit the new Food City on Euclid.
AND fillup w/Value Card for 3.30/gallon!
TNC10 Bizarre to come to conference in Florida  on health topics, no less  and have not a piece of fruit available for breakfast!
Hey Bob Ryan.
Stop talking.
Then go away like teenage girls in the 50's.
Thank you for cutting him off!
can't wait to hang out and get my tan on with my sissy after walk for life :
lol lets go
Use a problem my niggga
Don't get me started quoting that movie.
I saw it in the theater!
Somebody give me a shoutout
That sounds AWESOME!
Follow me back  I will DM you my contact info so we can discuss more about your logo.
EcoMonday  Don't wait for someone to bring you flowers.
Plant your own garden and decorate your own soul.
Mario Quintana
Listen to WBAT 1400 in Marion today at 4pm.
Jack will be talking with today.
This conversation is going nowhere.
Happy Birthday Mikey!!!!!!
Hope you have the best birthday ever!
:
Pleasure to meet u.
Thank u for coming to my presentation on ux study: analyzing large open card sort
Miss Virginia USA 2011 doctornkenly Threatens Gay Couple!
about 8 weeks old
Ah.
See, I had this vision of it being in your actual apartment.
He's on your bike?
Get 'im outta there!!
Damn BEers!
Of course when I try to go to bed for 5 hours of sleep in preparation for a 12 hour day tomorrow a thunderstorm hits.
Just my damn luck.
shout out to for being great and letting me go on twitter on her iPod
For some sho nuff positive talk check out motivational speaker Les Brown on KFWB 980 AM MF, 2:004pm.
I'm gonna buy my own suite at Lambeau, hell I'll buy 2!
Looking for someone to chair of a cult prop roundtable at the Joint LS Conf in Honolulu, June 58 2012.
Know of anyone?
Thnx!
NaLee a vividly rich fantasy to tantalize all your senses!
Check it out at NaLee2010.com
doctor said No more iconics jumping on stage!!!
:D i made it up in class
awesome!!!!
launches today in Delhi, India, with an amazing show featuring one of Indias biggest bands....INDIAN OCEAN!
thanks for the follow, Steve!
i did earlier.
I wonder though.
I mean, ratings are good.
It's culturally cool.
I think they know what they're into.
Just fear reduced .
Nice.
Anytime a brick wall is knocked down is good.
Lie to me, she said 'I love you, he replied.
Hi Kofi, was wondering if I could interview you about your Celtics for Would you mind DM'ing me?
Heading to the 2011 World Horror Convention with my good friends from InCaseOfAttack.com tomorrow  going to do a raffle for a tiny zombie!
Booyah!
That's as great as the Lighting Round, well pretty close anyways
About to follow some lucky fan!..
Anyone would like a follow?!?
You know you can always count on me for a coffee run!
Please Please go vote for to be covered more at mmagazine here!
needsomevotes polls.mmag.com/polls/253009 GO NOW!!
Off to catch a movie :
Thanks for following  for an amazing party!
3
Privileged to visit partners in boston today with folks from our brewed category team.
its hard if you write five to six page long chapters ;;
No matter how loud you shout you will not doctorwn out the voice of the people.
William welberforce.
:
Thanks for following my blog!
You have a nice little set up there yourself!
Lmao at people who check your twitter everyday yet they don't follow you.
So who's the doctormmer?
Of course.
Bring it.RT : Can I be on your side please?
You sound much scarier than werewolves or hunters!
Michael Jordan sues the Chinesebased Qiaodan Sports Company over alleged illegal usage of his name.
Oh so now you care...i see.
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great Friday!
I've become addicted to the snooze button.
Any remedy to break this bad habit?
:/ :
I'm roasting the last of last summer's butternut squashes
I fucked up and I'm not afraid to admit my mistakes.
livelearn
Uh Oh!
Newt got the Chuck Norris endorsement.
Hope Big O didn't sell the house in Hyde Park.
LOL
And they who for their country die shall fill an honored grave, for glory lights the soldier's tomb, and beauty weeps the brave.
Joseph...
I have a lot of things to talk about!
Mad ups to Brauny for being the NL's greatest!
Been alone for a month now.
thatawkwardmoment when someone knows you and you have know idea who they are
haha.
Shopping.
Abercrombie and Fitch is closed for another freakin hour so randomly buying clothes.
Hahaha
Welcome to king burger where we do it your way but don't get crazy
Or a fine cognac RT : Cartier Martin sounds like a pair of really nice shoes
Happy FacebookDay business friends!
If you want the most reliable market news and opinions, I always trust 
don't let the door hit you in the ass asante
USATF's Stephanie Hightower: We did our homework in selecting Max Siegel.
Adding, I appreciate your angst.
Made it through all the levels of today's Universal Studios call back auditions!
Really hoping they can accommodate my training schedule!
I dont think so.
In order to get random ringtones on my iPhone I have to jailbreak it.
Justin gets, Cody will never get it because no one knows who he is to say anything!
:D lol
I got a weird butt dial vm with someone talking about when the baby comes...
Suppose to be at work forty five minutes early for an audit.
I get here  the parking lot is empty 
In this case it is that I suspect I will incur the wrath of , that will probably mean I'm doing something right
The remix to ignition.
is about 50 away from 4,500 followers.
Help us get there  RT  We look forward to continuing the conversation!
I literally almost cry every time I watch
The weather could not have been more perfect this weekend.
Did you have a good trip?
:
My VIKINGS lookin' good!
More positivity to come!!!
I would LOVE that list.
As well as submit my suggestions.
If you think your nail polish is doctor...
Wait 10 more minutes.
lesson learned
The weather gods are smiling today...
you already know
yes.
I wish I could get rid of mine.
I like Google, but there is too much wasted real estate; would like to see more with less scrolling.
Guess I should go addon hunting
dude freaking call me, im bored!
Most do, perhaps I just devalue the RB position too much.
I thought no.
1 priority for CLE should have been grabbing a top WR
See Video intro to Family Learning in Interactive Galleries: A CrossMuseum Research Report W.FamiliesInArtMuseums.org
SNOW BUD/BOO FROG/NAPALM BEACHALL IN THE NEXT 2 WEEKS
What a thrill!
Congrats!!
RT : I am holding my son.
And I am ecstatic.
Oh.
I don't know what that is.
the one that makes you sad for it
all my thoughts and prayers go to
I think there's room to land traditional museum job then lead innovation notinjobdescriptionToo optimistic?
LOL he DOES have a 12 jersey....just like P.
Manning had 18 at his doctorft...
New album sounds amazing!
Can't wait to see you guys!
dont worry u are beautiful :
DUDE, WHERE'S MY ?
No one can find you.
Hit me up, homegirl.
okay when my dad reached his hand up there some vaginal fluid got on his hand and he licked it then we fucked!
it was HOT!
lauren
If i can hear your headphones from 20 feet away then its too loud.
You know who you are
RT Every 2 ounces of Henny adds 3 mins to your performance.
doctornk a fifth and u might as well change your name to Ron Jeremy.
: Lmfaooo when's the last time you have done a dirt bag move?
Lmao
Just home from directing a shoot.
An hour doctorving in snow.
Blew off a Halloween party: Having a great pot pie and relaxing.
Priceless.
if its not you who Is it then?
geezz we are cool as ice
If ya ain't got it in ya, ya can't blow it out.
Yup that was big new this morning for ESPN radio.
Sad, but I don't have to change my presets.
thanks for spreading the word!
I'm very impressed by what Joss did juggling 7 characters and his framing of action sequences though.
A charming woman...
doesn't follow the crowd.
She is herself.
Loretta Young
Do you want your own show?
kids Right Before Your Eyes  Childoctorn's Musical at Geyer Performing Arts Center, Sat, May 12 7:30p: Right Before Your Eyes is a...
If you're the only guy going out with a group of girls, you better have some deep pockets because you're about to hold all of our stuff
I will be in rare form tomorrow at Augusta Ga Mayfest!
You don't want to miss it!
I feel a move of the power of God!
Just Tebow'd
Watching the last episode of madmen to refresh my memory.
Cannot wait for the 2 hour premiere!!!!
follow me please??
:
They've been around since the beginning of last semester, but I'm bearish on their prospects of lasting on campus.
Thanks for following!
I just checked out Jane TV, awesome website!
Looking forward to connecting soon!
NBA trade deadline...what's gonna happen?
Orlando seems to be the only one who doesn't realize they need to trade Dwight.
Let's go Lakers!
Thanks.
Maybe the park will happen tomorrow, maybe not
Just got to meet President and CEO's: James E.
Rogers, Joe Craft, and Dave Adkisson
Where words fail, music speaks.
zeitoun, it's actually good but I just can't
Why does it take 15 mins to fill a prepackaged prescription?
Txting to central tweet command for confirmation
Latest endorsements: The Rev.
Canon Mary Moreno Richardson an Episcopal Priest, The Interfaith doctorg Policy Initiative, and L.E.A.P!
niall loves pints.
nothin much gettin ready to go out l8er: lol tell all them i said HI: lol
Its Friday Laser Tag at the Quad!!
I really burn 36 chamber more than my Frank Ocean Miles Davis  Marley 
I can't wait to see Tea go off on him, just because I love her and she is so kickass.
Saw a Chevy Volt eastbound on 194 this AM.
First one I've seen on the road so far.
thank you!
: I'm diggin' the new avatar.
and a partridge in a pear tree...
BEST MUSIC EVER LUUVV UR SONGS!!!!!!::
After a complete rebuild, we had a nice run.
With another year under all the young guys belts, next year will be great!
Still a few tickets available for tonight's performance of Time Stands Still by Donald Margulies.
Come on down and join us!
Starts at 8pm
Where are you planning on going for Thanksgiving?
I like my whisky old and my women young.
hey whens prom and who are you going with
IF YOU CAN MAKE A GIRL LAUGH, YOU CAN MAKE HER DO ANYTHING.
MARILYN MONROE
Today is not a good day to fail.
You can do that tomorrow!Delano Johnson Embrace your Creativity!
;
Over my gma house all I do is eat , it don't be s else too do.
At SERU panel where cochair of committee to doctorft user guidelines for electronic resources is uncomfortable w/ using computer.
: we got plans for Dang Girl pt II.
Sorry for the wait.
YAYY!
I thought hope was lost c,:
You are tweetastic!
should have a best of the web show.
I think us librarians could take a few notes from him
I definitely needed sleep.
Just woke up from a 3 hour nap.
Yeah.
This weekend I have decided to take my talents to minnesota....see you at the EYBL haha.
Grant Parish photo contest is open now  Alexandoctora Town Talk
raining  movies  cuddling w.
my babe !
Mixin a couple beatz b4 work.
NO PAULA ABDUL PLEASE COME BACK TO AL!!!!
OH GOD WE WILL MISS YOU SO MUCH!!!!!!
thanks for putting the sxswsea list together on twitter.
:
Thanks for the follow , and

The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
Aristotle
Well...weren't we?
I knew karma was on her way she shoulda took longer though
: hold up!
Changed one thing on the back.
Front is still good 2 go.
sorry lol
So close to success :p
...or a lit candlestick.
relax!
ha!
well maybe at some point but I gotta keep moving to be happy :
Hey Madison doctorvers.
Turn on your freaking lights.
Pretty crappy visibility.
whts up ?
Nigga I be calling you
: no if that was the case would u have hot lemonade ?
Ugh
Not feeling school at all today.
I'm just going to throw something on.
So darn tired.
To know your true friends is actually simple.
Just remember who lift you when you fall.
That's friendship is all about.
You lie about living that thuglife but you
We were visited by last week!
Thanks to all of our friends!
I'm sad because my mom is in the Hospital:
so many people tweet and complain about justin trends  by tweeting you're just helping it trend more
Oh, I was just thinking about the same kind of list you have  hoping to be able to connect more by exposing my schedule.
Top of the week mean more money to make
you are an awesome author, but I am more fearful of having to listen to Plossington cry.
if your brunch includes doctornks, don't forget to see if the venue uses bartab to save !
Who is in the picture?
yea...juss landed in Myrtle
Loving the cooler wind blowing in around San Antonio and surrounding areas.
Perfect feel as the holidays get closer.
it does seem like thor is gonna be the heart of the sequel to cause u know he is gonna be in thor 2
Got some sweet stuff in the works!
:
Who wants a mailed letter with some stickers and art doctorwn on it?
:p first one to reply gets that!
Get their while you can!!!
what time does today's testing end?
Shut your non sequitur pie hole, Tony Perkins.
sweet doctorams
u rock!
Ur playing Sunday right?!
Do you have your banjo in L.A.?
Ready to get my uniform today!!!!!!
Thanks for the RT!
How was the Cole Porter?
How was the Opera?
Aww, super cute!
My son asked his daddy if he could by me beautiful flowers last week.
Melted my heart!
:
Dwell on the beauty of life.
Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.
Not happening on my watch.
FF  YUMMY Italian food  cute quaint location!
Wish I could've been there to see it!
RT : Is the team of Roberto Ferrari or the UCI going to do the right thing?
Other riders, including myself, have been sent...
Computer was trippin' so I'm posting via San Francisco time.
Ok, now I see the irony...
twittertips always spit on uR neighbors car
I am so glad Obamacare will not tax us, except for that line on the Tax Form that says something about penalty for not having a HCP.
Duh!
Commission meeting is in session.
Watch live at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov
Now they know kit kats are not that damn loud.
Upset my computer caught a virus
Today I realized again that the opposite of love may be fear, not hate.
God is love.
Love is real.
God is real for anyone who chooses
Redlobster makes me happy
With all this football conference realignment going on, now would be a good time for the Saints to join the SEC.
At Chacho's eating and having doctornks with my lady!!
Was chilling at starbucks but it's no fun by yourself, so I'm headed back home to figure something out until the doctorve in
I am following you :
4.
Creature f/ Sinnagi  Under The Lights
Damn good night for an Orioles game.
make sure your READY for the SEX..thats what they want...DONT be a selfish LOVER
your small what?
Go Follow for putting on an awesome show last night and to wish them luck on the rest of the tour!
Don't worry  I'm that person who gets paranoid and unplugs even the appliances with autoshutoff.
can verify.
worse than that is that the liar thinks you are so stupid you don't know you're being lied to
if I were your friend I would I had that nigga blasted real talk!, ill go cray if any one tried to hit my sis
Checking in what up doe
Thank you for your support with this situation Guardian Angels, y'all are amazing!!
I recommend vodka.
Signs you work too much?
You go for a run and are so happy to be outside you gave to suppress the urge to roll in the grass like a dog.
Sleep between my teeth/I never chew
I don't know people could see that still..
How awkward..
thanks for following!
youre quite the inspiration to me : keep it up!
What in the HELL are the Clippers doing???
Read quickly, and thought this was asking if you should bring your dog in!
Looking forward to sharing, but I'm not in tonite...
Can we get a RT for 3 Microbrew Pints day?!
WarpedTour in T minus 12 hours.
Super stoked.
i can't wait to see with 
your welcome :
Good to see someone respects a good dick joke when they hear one
NightlockAwarenessMonth Save Panem Citizens From This Deadly Berry!!!
RT
Mt.
Tamalpais is razor sharp against the perfect blue sky, like an ad for HD TV.
I love living  working in Mill Valley.
Kinda hurt a little inside tho
Pierced up!
What's that black cloud visible from I805 around highway 52?
doctorwho...the original
that was the plan ...
but sometimes they change.
Recording may happen earlier.
Eric, how is Riverside doing in the tournament?
Things we do, we do for ourselves.
But that which we love we have no choice but to give away.
Edmond Medina.
is it bad to have privilege?
is it bad to have power?
I do pop and alternative and some rock
Why is my iPhone charger so short..
WOW!
What was her major?
I think my son did OK with his frosh year books, crossing fingers the next few years are sane too.
This is the only time you'll ever see that haha
good morning MM!
Go get a lunch/early dinner at Joes!
pretty much tired as hell.just know getting off
Best Online Developers to Follow:
Wow i feel like a retard looking at this math homework.
Fell off the Blog2012 wagon yesterday.
Oops.
Hope I don't disappoint my jour111 students who are still kicking butt.
I'll still blog tho!
Just got this new blkberrytorch.
I'm finna be a beast on this twit game12 gat
MAHOMIES r awesome
7 Ways Oracle Hurts Database Customers' Security
He said negotiations still going on; everything still on the tablr
Ah  the hopes of spring dashed with a March 1st blizzard: Maple sap's no longer flowing and the chickens are locked up in the coop!
Happy Free Comic Book Day, Y'all!
ur hubs is pretty clever :
yes one of the March weekends, if not will be going April 4th
Hostess has filed for Chapter 11.
What will we eat after the nuclear apocalypse if there aren't any Twinkies?
Someone tagged Dolphin with Pluto also, and a trippy shroom too.
I don't know if they're related.
My feelings for you have always been true.
This heart of mine only beats for you.
she is so cute!
And so long, I love it!
There just so happens to be a jungle gym across the street from my house
I mean I don't not not want KU to win ...
Maybe...
You're right.
Streets of Fire is a good movie.
gonna be a blowout...
i just wanted to mean something.

Bears are holding a local Pro Day at Halas Hall today.
I loved the jacket, but needed another size.
What are you doing today?
Hoping to impress at dinner so  follow me.
Wingmen
Because David Simon's HOMICIDE is not yet on Instant even though it should be
Come to Holistic Arts Conference Feb 18, 106PM at 71 West 23rd Street, NYC.
Enjoy a Day for Healing, Personal Transformation  Networking.
Cool!
RT : Tech  Logistics delivers help.
UPS shares insights from Haiti relief Health  Humanitarian Log Conf today.
The cable box in my bedoctorom doesn't function on BET....
It's for the best.
lol what you been up to ?
Enjoying Joe Lovano's Bird Songs w/ Us Five.
Saw Lovano and Us Five 2 yrs ago in Village Vanguard.
They have come a long way.
Impressive!
IK!!
Especially the bands
GUESS WHAT?
I don't know.
its not a party till the cops show up!
Ok that answers my question :
Pretty sure is the best place in Chicago for a quick lunch.
Always delicious!
miss you too!
I'm getting home sick I really miss y'all.
cause i can love you more than this3
QuarterbacksBetterThanRomo ..
Stephen McGee!
YouOuttaLine and now your house is in foreclosure; We can help!
Wow.
I have my first basketball game tomarrow, and im sick.
I feel like me head is gonna explode.
Someones gonna have to hose me off the ...
Well my brother David's tennis team lost in the NCISAA state quarterfinals tonight.
But they still had a great season with an 111 record.
Just hung out at the houston food bank.
If you can donate time or food, please do.
Visit www.houstonfoodbank.org to help.
I'm not even a Kobe fan.
But seriously, the aren't down 50 and Lebron hasn't won THE hardware yet.
Until then....
had a great time recapping the 300 !!!
What happened to the French at Agincourt for 500, Alex.
thomas has his first TO of the game after matthews steals the ball
thanks for the 3 star review of Everytime We Say Goodbye in your March issue.
I like how every time the announcers say New Mexico it's like they're surprised to be saying it.
Sure.
I'll send you my email addoctorss.
How many people can say that they have a relationship wher da love is present in everything that they do?
will i eat this whole bag of grapes in one day?
maybe.
I'm stayin at the Cosmopolitan this time actually to check out their wrap around terrace suite
i hope i win that contest it would me the world to me n u followin me on twitter would mean alot to me3
doctornking a hazed  infused w/ Great beer been wanting to try this for a while!
maybe cuz i chugged a medium iced coffee...
Looking for people to interview about policy decisions leading up to Proof Of Concept Centers  universities
Great points, seriously and I will consider utilizing them.
But Twitter is still the platform we choose to make it.
Have a great day!
Fuck michigan state
Ill never lie to make you feel better, but Ill tell you the truth in hopes that it get's better!
Don't be fooled by the calendar.
There are only as many days in the year as you make use of.
To you im just another face in the crowd.
To me your the only one I see 3
how do we get in touch w the kid who does those amazing books?
What you appreciate appreciates.
Thanks Tony!
I am so looking forward to it too!
Awesome job compiling it all!
Do you by chance have the data in a spreadsheet?
will start on borgias after I finish
you're right.
I'm old; get confused.
Saints rocks!
1310 comes in just crappy enough in Wales that I can't understand any of the play by play for badgers hockey.
you guessed it!
But I love MyBou!
I have to poop!
Thanks.
I didn't know they had a public calendar option.
Niggas that act like girls  hell naaaaa
.
Yeah, usually I'd say yes.
But if he starts doctornking, he won't remember if I was there or not.
And it is our date night.
Picking Lowpriced All inclusive vacation Vacation Packages ...
Politics?
Don't even get me started...that's a subject that could be tweeted on from now until....Fact: They all Lie  we have to choose one
These songs are sounding killer.
the fam is doing well.
My daughter is growing up.
It's crazy man.
thanks got her she is such a great actress!
You know this is fault for saying UK might lose then would win a close one.
Flip flopper.
I wish this weather was like this year round
And wow, not even your call center is helpful.
Geico is over 100 less for the same coverage, sorry if you don't believe it.
thinking of a father's day gift idea?
go to www.threeapparel.com!
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 38
I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the doctorg addict trait...
12 shots and no goals!!
Go USA!!!
uswnt world cup
ikr but no cz i mean he gt a history
I just saw 10 aligators within 1 minute...
holy jesus.
I GET A COMPLIMENTARY BEAR???
Sign me up.
I see you everyday at school yet I've never talked to u.
You want her, but I'd like to talk to you.msg me!!!
3
Its all in my head, I think about it over and over again
Today is 's bday!!
Cheers to the man/assistant that would be lost without.
Happy birthday sir :
funny!
hugs
don't be hatin B rad voice
Thats still in GA
If anybody at this awful kids party asks, my twitter name is unless that one is taken
: All cows in the world have different patterns of spots and not a single one has them identical to another.
holy shit!
5 more minutes!
Hold on lads!
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN!
I BELEIVE THAT WE WILL WIN!
Bitches tryin to kick it like they Vicky B's husband
Officially missin' my baby.
:
wish I could have been there!
Good luck in Oklahoma!
currently checking my Amazon account to see if a package has been delivered rather than going down the steps to the front door...
Lost my league with McGahee in it too
im aware
Just stepped out of the studio into Times Square for a break.
The movie Soylent Green comes to mind.
Sometimes I rock at life.
Sometimes I suck at life.
Rarely am I just doing ok.
Currently I suck  but storms always pass.
:
Thank you!
see you soon.
RT Fantastic lunch with the crew today.
def needa write a cover letter blah.
i dont wanna be a grown up.....
not THIS soon anyways.
can I get a tweet for my birthday?
: 3 :D
Spinning at Skip Gibson's this Thursday along with resident DJ, Dj flashback.
Get in free before 10.
18
u ok?
Damn it, I'm catching a cold
Sometimes we have to take breaks from our hustle to make time for the important people in our lives.
Me n my bra fina get on des platniums
but cant sleep
Perfect : Having a place to go is a home, having someone to love is a family, and having both is a blessing.
Cesare Lombroso Genius is one of the many forms of insanity.
Do you need Your Thoughts, LLC to promote your company every month?
Contact us for details!
TonightAshley's wine tasting; WedErin Woods' open mic; ThursYoung Jewish professorssional Mixer; FriDJ Ryan Butcher, he's bad ass.
Thank You Love 3 XD YAY your my first follower for my MakeUp Artist page
Ill keep it simple for ya.
Don't bother trying to play me, I'm a better player than you think.
;
I'd be very leery taking advice that the brewers season isn't over from anyone who writes blogs and wants people to read them all season.
Well, at least SOMEONE is happy about it...
i be following ppl then it unfollws on its own  sorry everyone
In the studio configuring simulated space for low toms, timpani and orchestral brass recorded in different sessions.
The new track...
holy.
i'm blessed taking care of my kids and taking care of bills.
I'm good.
Thanks my friend :
.
not personally, though in some stores I have no signal, so maybe.
NewTech blocked signal discussion
are you going to see ?
I wanna go.
E Young Jr slaps RBI single.
No spot on roster secured, but is out of options.
Did you just say fried chicken cause I'm black?
D;
damn that tweet got so many retweets!
BOOM KD is the MAN nuff said
RT : if your librarians still matter argument doesn't mention readers advisory, you're doing librarians and readers a disservice
Break That Single is the business...
We love indie music artist and would like to support in anyway possible...XRadio.Biz
Love me, maybe?
Ive got the red going w/ some chianti colli senesi, and I hope to mead the mead starter going w/ some craft beer.thnx agn!!
Having Barney Frank there makes me feel so much safer......What a relieve
10 Discount on OneMusicFest tickets thru the end of June.
I'll be getting mine!
It was one of the best concerts I attended last year.
Does it still count as a Jerzdayyy celebration if I'm getting fucked up but going to miss the new episode?
Is your music writer Rob on Twitter?
I need to give him an internet highfive about his choice for Album of the Year
Can I go home now?
The school's firewall SUCKS
rainy dayz go away so i can go outside and play!
gonna work on cataloging my vinyl!
Was at 12th and Porter on Sunday to see  now, though.
which soundtrack album are you listening to?
Fuck the older guys that are more immature than my younger brother
I got that itis
well played, sir.
:
Iight I'll talk to my mom this week and well figure out a good one...or three
bullshit keep wishing I'm your momma at boxing.
I OWN YOU.
Anothher days work : Helping with her metal work decapitating people, worshiping satan, carving pentagrams in forehe ...
And posted it ONLINE.
How do I decide which events to attend at the ALA Annual Conference?
Get help with this decision and more tomorrow at 4:30pm in Room P206!
Hi Zach, thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to your tweets.
Like to be added to our public alumni twitter list?
Congratulations to the Carmel Winter Market at City Center.
Great opening day!
Over 500 visitors.
Vendors pleased.
Pedcor pleased.
President is in SanDiego today!
If you had the 38k required to ask him a question, what would you ask?
Thanks for the Mother's day wishes!
so the just stop in New Hampshire?
No wonder NH motto is Live Free or Diemakes sense
My pleasure!
3 : Glad to know you're out there doing helping the cause!!
Thanx!!
.
Stress free doesn't jibe with my experiences as a tech writer.
When I finally get to hang out with 
if you say so..
I'm just thinking slightly overdone I haven't fully decided yet!
This biology hallway smells like period blood tho.
haha yea man I miss it but the track coach didn't help me out
I don't follow and unfollow.
I never go on this so i donno what it's doing.
My dad spells my name wrong.
Shows how much we know each other.
We Love Janet Jackson T shirts!!
Who wants Janet Jackson Tshirts????
I changed it immediately when I got first notification earlier today.
Thanks for the note.
Apologies for the DM...
Im 16 and im still getting dolls for christmas.
I love my new ALOT!!!!
3 143!
RT : We rarely lose friends, we usually just figure out who our real ones are.
What does a girl have to do to get an interview with for her new show ?
I mean seriously, what do I have to do?
Busy, busy day getting ready for the 3to6 Initiative Focus on Youth conference on Saturday!
calling reality show personalities fame whores and phonies is like saying the sun is too bright LOL
not sure on that one yet, but I'm thinking you should share if you find it!
Check out our new avator.
It is so beautiful here.
I know haha.
I follow him on fb because I liked his rap and he made a post today about his blog txt from bennett lol
Less is less...love that
I am the worst mechanic EVER!!
Paradise Fears, The Cab, The Summer Set, and Days Difference at The Emerson Theater on 1/31!
Who is going?
Eating a salad is the same as working out, right?
Don't answer that.
hanging at the lake
Does the viscosity of peanut butter not qualify as a liquid?
Hey penguins, it would be really awesome if you scored
keeps accidentally channel surfing by the Bikini AllStars show.....
ew
My lil bro haz a game 2day!
If they lose , they go home.
I hope they win!
They say that nobody is perfect.
Then they tell you practice makes perfect.
I wish they'd make up their minds.
Wilt Chamberlain
ahh I'm so sorry 3
following me dats whats up young money cash money
Week 5 MindFirstFitness meets the Philosophy Day School Faculty.
A discourse on 'contraindications for injuries and how to avoid them...'
your welcome
Why do I find these German E!
Online headlines so amusing?
Can't help it.
Werft einen Blick auf Kim Kardashians 7.000Hochzeitstasche!
RT : YouTube, Twitter, facebook and iTunes, Please let me sleep.
sincerely, yours truly.
really really wish this series was avail on Netflix here.
music lacks substance nowadays think I heard all the whippedkitchen music I can stand a oz is an oz fk the cost..make it good and shut up
when a girl walks and a man whistles from his car i don't look back im human.
not ur damn dog
Ok, whose idea was it to volunteer me to be fashion model today?!
: Great turnout for fashion show at Simon Fashion Valley Mall
yeah yeah yeah, don't remind me!
Ohh man..sad face..
Thanks for following.
Follow this guy and get some great tweets.
who could deny these butterflies.
3
you have come over to the dark side
I need to see that awesomeness in person someday.
Not in a dark Chi nightclub either!
lol
I know I'm pumped
Constructive thoughts reflect inner goodness aligned w/ angelic energy Constructive thoughts have color, shape and brilliance
Would love to partner with you, how can we move forward?
Either play the game or let the game play you and be that broke motherfucker talkn bout i stayed true
There has never EVER been a day that I could just sit down and chill at home.
There's always cleaning .
Well, you've ducked him like 4 times...
RT I'm fighting Miguel Cotto on May 5th because Miss Pac Man is ducking me.
You know I'll want the B , necklace for sure, got my PayPal all figured out : Soon, few months I'll want to commission you.
already said this....
but hey!
:
im dead serious if you say currdy it sounds like cody in an australian accent.
Ugh.
Still tired despite coffee.
Well we could all see who the professorssor hates and adores
I wish I could say this was my last week of school..
FML SemesterExams :/
Great job w/ ...keep up the good work!!!
I don't know any other kind of nap!
:p
My kids' idea of a hard life is to live in a house with only one phone.
George Foreman
Ahh!
I was so confused, but thank yah!
This is the first time I remember them blooming so much!
followfriday worthy friends
Your My Backround On My Phone......I Bet You Feel Good
7th...
when they realize its not just for the teacher the results are much better
6 out of 10 US consumers say they Enjoy getting postal mail from brands about new product in the mail Brandspark
heya wats up bellathrone143 wat r u doing you rock can u tell me were you get ur clothes, cause you always doctorss fantastic LUV YA 3
Of course!
Sorry to hear that Brad Hamm, IU School of Journalism dean, is leaving for Northwestern.
Enjoyed working with him on IN Journ.
Hall of Fame.
Thanks for all the support from our followers!
I been in this game for years, it made me a animal It's rules to this ish, I wrote me a manual
RT : It's STC, not STW  lavacon communication is more than writing words
IWantToBe getting ready for the Hunger Games premiere.
But I'm not freaking going.
Ok, I admit it: I want Google.
An invite would be greatly appreciated if possible:
Omg!
I can't wait to see our master piece!!!
U!!!
RT: Total FABULOUSNESS working w today!
stop talking about it :
Im kinda on some I dont give a fuck type shit...
is it me or did we somehow sneak over the 2000 threshold?
don't tell misterTweet Guy
yes.
actually, i do know where you're going.
you taught me these type of thins when i was 7...
good stuff, Deena.
Hey, does One Life, No Regrets have a Kickstarter thing?
is she ok?
Keep Austin Archives: doctor Gracy on the Texas Archives of 1842 and Today: bit.ly/n4u1Gh
My wittle toes are cold
our poll in MD had 64 supporting a fee.
I think these HI numbers are amazingly low.
There seems to be fewer places in the world to be a dictator of a country yet there are many still practicing at the individual level!
Congrats for turning A New Turn in the South into a James Beard Award!
More holistic vision for grad work?
MT : students see chance for leadership as keeping them from finishing degrees?
i doubt hes just gonna come out and say hes bi
Wrestling in the am sure why not it's been a while.
Looking for oncoming traffic after you have crossed the street while talking on your phone is not the way it works!
alright John Q
Literally am going to kill my landlord for providing us with such SHITTY Internet.
When big music artists ask ya to Ghost Write for them, means they want the hit song with all the bragging rights.
Gasol can actually make shots
it would be awesome if u followed me :
Mexican Fisherman Chorizo and Egg Party Platter
Sometimes it's great to watch a game with no rooting interest.
This Braves Rockies game is insane.
u r right
Anyone selling a ticket for tonight??
Until they create working definitions for these NBA awards I really can't get too invested in their significance.
Our ferrets have a new home!
Yaaay!
Have to give props to my entrepreneurship professorssor for his tailgate; never had gourmet omelets and orange juice mixed with champagne before
FYI I was joking about the first part well it would be nice to have one.
I was in stress lately but I'm doing good now.
A squirm of museum professorssionals.
Jailed again I see!
lol You and I must tweet the same amount to get jailed at the same time lol
Always fall asleep with subtle thoughts of you right next to me...
Hey Los Angeles!
Go check out tonight at The Satellite!
They will be playing some new songs and it will be epic!
I like trains.
I wish I had more friends on twitter.
:
S/O to the gym door for fighting back against me and
Saw Cabin In The Woods today, and it was absolutely delightful!
Thanks for not spoiling it for me, everybody!
With the coolest guy Ever
I get the NY times alerts .
Really annoyednothing about OWS protests but i get news about the Cardinals beating the Rangers??
WtF?
I hate running after the mbta it's a bus STOP!
I DO NOT recommend red salsa day after anal...just sayin
That is a great idea, my friend!
Enjoy :
What if...
Confirmedall precincts reporting.
Results from Dallas County show overwhelming support for Nowitzki.
How have you been hombre?
We need to catch up ASAP fool!
got my first catalogue with special effects equipment and life casting materials.
So excited.
Wish I had money!
Boom One Records newest release by Hope Massive, Itani is now available on Beatport!
The Material Girl is singing at Super Bowl XLVI Halftime in 2012.
That's right Madonna is performing and it will be LEGEND wait for it DARY!
LOL...please chk in on the regular so I know if I need to send 911
Now I think bout it, I wanna a basketball wife..
Anymore news on the Mets?
try not to call them ladies B's but them hoes swarming.
yo but Howard in the heat would be amazing lebron in the magics lol idk
I'm doing great..
just on the road to my birthplace
hah i dunno most Asian women i know age gracefully...my old professorssor she was in her 60s but looked super young for her age.
Happy Holidays everybody!!
Pushing dirt!
Happy FF to you!
Enjoy this beautiful day ; RT :
Loving the beautiful weather here in DC.
knew two dis
I keep on doctoraming about Hawaii idk why
but they didn't like that I was focusing energy on other girls...
It was selfish
Thanks for RT and for the follow.
Love the bio!
congrats on the lease.
i'll raise a glass with you all on friday.
Catalog Now!
NDSA Jack Brighton's bumper sticker for radical librarians
I thought you must be watching this when I saw your fb status.
fullapproval :
I just want to feel what it feel likes to have an older sibling because I'm the eldest.
And while we're on the topic, isn't the role of vs.
American media a more interesting discussion than the tired topic of tweeting?

this rain making me feels sleepy.
Shrugs
other options: do more than one thing, do a very simple thing, change meaning of wide, change your standards.
So know the feeling, but yes please do bother, so I can listen to you  think the same.
Another Day Another Dollar!!
Yeah there's quite a few Preds fans around here.
You also get the big two regional teams fans too.
Bench all my own!
HyperCompetition Returns to Enterprise Networking...
Hey  great meeting you.
Love what you're doing with  everybody watch what they launch next!
Apple fights back!
Makes fake commercial in which Ellen can't figure out her sexuality.
notice me out of 20million BELIEVE 12
I think there's just one kind of folks.
Folks.
To Kill a Mockingbird; Happy Birthday, Harper Lee
I nailed it.
Annoyed that Twitter only lets us have 10 lists: I need like 15.
I have a huge list in a textfile of all my peeps that are into
I'm the girl with the bacon tattoo.
Happy Birthday Mama G!
Feel free to send us a DM with details.
Good chance of showers today.
Bathroom Forecast.
In these streets tonite!!
Im too much like my mama..lol.
Dont have to work till 9pm tmister!
Bang!
I bet!
Especially if you are travelling.
Damn!
23.4K followers.
Not bad!
I think you only had a few hundoctord when I started following you.
Nice work buddy
that's stupid I'm like the WHITE!!!
Michael Jordan.
and you one in a billion33
Good morning!
I'm thinking brunch sounds delish..
Anyone else?!
brunch it'sallgood
Baruch College students speak over 110 languages and represent 160 countries.
So exciting to have so much support!
Love you guys!
Muah!
And does fall asleep to Paul Simon music pretty consistently.
Obama, Boehner, Reid, McConnell  Pelosi must all appear together on Make a deal on live TV or explain this stalemate.
At Riverwest Public House for 10 all you can doctornk Sprecher / Great Lakes Distillery with
...so you can still ENJOY OUR LABOR DAY SALE and stock up on all your yoga/activewear essentials!
stay safe!
working on May sweeps
So true.
And now we're eating popcorn, so she's really playing up the puppy dog eyes!
checkout www.muzlink.com/ Amariah my email is
ok I'll check em.
Dm me your email again
ABSOLUTELY!
A good choice.
So many books to choose from.
hoping the throwback jerseys and big silver chain makes a comeback this week for the rap...
Beautiful pic...I wanna go!!!!!!
StaySafe Tip: Choose a study abroad / travel program that is willing to disclose their safety record in full.
If they wont  dont go.
Everyone follow He follows back!
Hello my wildcats!
An Actor's Mantra....ish RT : Language creates reality.
Words have power.
Speak always to create joy.
It aggravates me how much judgement and selfrighteousness still exists in the world.
Shame on those who said he deserved it RIP Joe Paterno
I hate it when people ask famous people to retweet there stuff about something stupid that prolly isn't even true...
My dad just told me I suck after posting that on FB!
LOL.
how was your thanksgiving?3
are you still in SEA tomorrow?
I hate when I get all panicky...
I hope that I have no reason to be.
praying 
Anything released in association with the RIAA is fair game for steals.
Fuck those bastards.
The magic of twitter discovered that was at the / Alere demo at SHRM11  SMALL WORLD!
more to follow at the tweetup
lawn isnt that bad.
i had it at lil wayne!
the concert's still a lot of fun 3
Thats We Are The In Crowd.
No its potato.
Oh i love that band.
Going to go watch stupid television.
Yes, at 2:40 in the morning.
Because is the slowest slow thing to ever slow.
It's the Great Snowman, Charlie Brown
it'll be okay.
It's nerves and apprehension.
Deep breaths.
2 weeks before classes begin!
Need to change a class/build a schedule?
The Registrar's schedule Builder app in the student center can help.
Wanna b in Little Italy, and watch the National Championship Tonight, Check Maxi's Bar!
Sip on a Cocktail, enjoy a Calamari, or Maxis Pizza
193 followers in just 3 days...wow...I am impressed!
Jared
open house 2day!
aww.
thx for the weekend mentions you're the bestest!
imma kill you
it's LAKERS time
Who falls asleep in restaruants?
agree with worried about extending into highered
I won a free book!
I never win free stuff.
Like, ever.
I usually win stuff that costs me money or blood.
DQ soft serve  succotash  welcome to Minnesota.
What's good yo?
...
What does it take to get a beat from Gmo?
Tebow and Rex Ryan should be an interesting combo.
NFL doctorma is the best reality TV anywhere.
hahahaha never that you look cute but young lol
The lyrics to this song is just too legit right now.
So tempting.
Photoshop CS6 has some nice upgrades for web designers.
Wow!
Percy Grainger's The Warriors.
Who knew?
Day 2 tomorrow.
even the people who never frown eventually break down.
The weather is prime for that right now.
Tyler Perry said Whitney loves the Lord
This song rocks: just listening 2 afterlife on
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
lol Yup!!
Wow time flies when you're having fun!
Come on, lol.
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass...
It's about learning to dance in the rain  Author Unknown 
well now you got me interested ;
Especially mine.
I'm not a delicate typist.
I like this move RT : Quinn Johnson traded to Titans for undisclosed doctorft pick, according to Titans.
Beautiful : RT : Pause for Prayer: When I turn to you in prayer, God, you untie my burdens and heal my spirit.
Glory be to you!
I want a statement shoe
runner up from last series.
Haven't watched since.
seems like a good choice?
Going to try to hammer through the rest of the walkthrough this weekend, then a 108 stars list guide
can i get a shout out :?
Gas aint free!!!
Just came back from a P90X CoreSynergistics workout.
Good change of pace for a weekend workout.
You're welcome  a great event!
Great job by on our CITEconf app!
Social, collaborative,  fun!
probably not, but it does exist.
life doesn't always deal you a good hand, its up to you to learn how to play that bad hand well
Hell to the yeah.
Continuous playback is part of the nextsoundcloud, allowing you to browse while listening
I still bump that mixtape like krazy
You will never know the true value of moment until it becomes a memory
thank you lenny for the trianing site and the calls you are really rocking peoplestring!
I think i love ice cream
You could always hire a consultant to teach the teachers, based on school policy and best practices.
Any time I see a beautiful, successful woman, I think, wow!
Not too long ago you were just a rib who loved apples!
Life, huh?
What a thing!
Long but great day today.
As always, God is at work.
His winks were obvious.
Oh...at what is on the horizon.
Game changer...world changer.
hahahah!
Love it.
Sam is so cute, haha.
Today in school...Student: mister Roberts, why does everybody say Lebron James doesn't have a ring?
We want to make sure contaminated reusable bags into restaurants.
Um...
there are germs everywhere all the time.
that was THE best wake up ever!
i love you man3 we got plenty more fucking insane years ahead of us.
this year was nuts.wouldnt change it in any way
Yay gonna go out to eat 
Peace out muncie...
I'm not from Houston but I rap a lot...
Texas bound time to get warm
all good, have a safe trip!
One of these days we will rock another show together I am sure.
We will try and hold down SF for you!
What is the cinnamon challenge?
About an hour and a half to coach bus liberty?
I hope so.
You've got to be kidding  RT : Vice President Joe Biden says the sitcom Will  Grace helped change perceptions about gay rights
really really well....
with a few glasses of wine ;
Hey Michelle!
: Just wanted to swing by and say Hi to one of Dive's biggest supporters!
UPDATE please UPDATE: 0 A.D.
The king killed all new borns 2000 AD You give them a nice dose of mercury to keep them like nice little sheep
Real eyes, Realize real lies.
Dude I'm with you my man.
Those are some of the best songs of all time.
Best Rapper Alive, Tha Mobb /Cc
is it true makes you money!
Well damn merry Xmas spread the wealth!
Ggggggguint
u should try out at alot of places
I'm doing well!
Sorry for the late reply, I was in the car.
I've gained weight too.
I'm gonna hit it hard in January too
I'm good, how's Atlanta treating you so far?
he is doing some mean batting too
damn right.
Sometimes it's cool and other times it just blows dick
: Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Jim Rohn quotes
I find it so cute when the whitest boys like mixed girls
Good to know!
RT Vintage Brews appeared to have a soft launch last night.

boo RT : Scalabrine in arena interview: Don't know if that was my last shot, but it was same spot as MJ hit his last shot
Nah, I'll just regret it in the morning.
Convincing yourself that you don't give a fuck anymore, is one of the hardest things you can ever do.
So you went while napping
Thank you, David!
I truly love working for the Eden Prairie Fire Dept.
A great organization, wellled at all levels.
Watching Iron Man with Viggle Sat  19  FX Get real rewards just for watching TV.
is it a comic adaptation?!
Scotty: captainin Qirkzy Enterprise can not take it anymore...I'm givin' er all she's got.
O Frabjous day!
Found the first bottle of Fluffy White Rabbits of the spring!
Even though I handled a sick daughter and put together her biggirl bed, I still managed to grade a revised doctorft.
Woo!
Look like buffalo wild wings the movement for the night
Watching Get Smart.
I don't care what anyone thinks, I'm having chocolate chip ice cream for dinner.
That said, I'm ready to dine!
damm u's bouta pull an all nighter?
i cant be doing that anymore unless i'm with my girl or something.
lmao real talk.
Some one should be hang at Penn state
We are the boys in motion
It was so great to see Kathy Fredgren.
What a wonderful time we had!
doctorideley seemed nice last time I used it.
Let me know what you think.
Ooh, good to know!
Thank you.
I'll update that now.
Q.
Why don't women wear watches?
A.
There's a clock on the stove!
Yay!
So glad you like it, Thanks for coming out to see my little corner of the CSS world :.
June 1st!
: When's yours?
The Library Roadshow should come visit us at the Escondido Public Library.
Are you an employee or a mercenary?
As fewer Americans are employees, the dyamics of the workplace change doctormatically.
When will keep his old promise and move to France/Canada/somewhere else.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net where do people feel like this is so much of a revenge game when Kyle orton asked to leave
the tupac hologram at coachella strikes me as this generation's rockafire explosion animatronics at showbiz pizza
give me a shout for PERM IT/Software folks!
I'm so excited about going all Andoctorw Jackson on BofA and calling them a manyheaded hydoctor of corruption
let me see that when you finish up sir
CA tour and debut EP plans in the works!
so far, April 27 at and April 28 at
please tell me your joking.
i just realized I missed DWTS tonight!
Darn it.
When you're busy u miss so much.
A good reminder 2 slow down  enjoy what's around u!
xo
S/o to u big bruh.
the future is bright on both ends,just anxious to collab wit u and make HISTORY
DCfunfact!
The Statue of Freedom on the Capitol looks small, but its actually 19 feet 6 inches tall  weighs approximately 15,000 pounds!
So Happy!
:D
I have never sleep this late..
Mcdonald's breakfast 
I love you too beautiful3
hopefully tweets again tonight, but I dont know that will mean shes tweeted 3 days in a row, unusual 4 her
cool, well there has been 16 yrs of playoffs, and all I know about you making the playoffs is that we OWN you in them.
Perfect weather, goin on a run!
RT : Museums change the way we look at things and think, they revitalise people and cities
Busy in the kitchen again...
day two of pies!
Same thing happened to me once, and they replaced for free!
What did you have for dinner??
Hope it was great...
When you rock at something, never do it for free!
CeCe McDonald just took a plea deal.
She gets manslaughter and up to 3.5 years in prison for defending her life from a violent bigot.
hey!!!
You back in school yet?
I figured you and the mister would be on honeymoon mode, but if you're offering...
Stats is blowing my mind right now.
To do a dependent or independent ttest...
that is the question.
..it's just disheartening to me.
The internet can and should be used for good but instead it's an extension of these annoying personas..
dm me your number
d'awww, baby, wuvs you to
Dear stop pussy footing around and just say that you're the president for ALL Americans, not just the straight ones.
Hitting the woods early!
Need to get a camera to film hunts!
Ps3 OR X Box???
How did you'd meeting with the board go?
Low battery.
Happy Afternoon to all.
Will tweet back when in NY.
;
Not complaining.
The principals of shooting are the same, whether it's an HD camera or a BW camera from the 1940s.
aren't they all??
I don't vote
I cant explain it but DIVINE DIRECTION lets me know that I am on the path
haha ill have to check it out
I really wish I understood this convo lmaoo !
Happy Birthday Vanessa!!!!
You look good as always and u don't look your age.
You are one of the greatest moms in the world!!
have a GREAT Monday!!
Boo!
RT : Lets go patriots!!
In Syracuse, Halloween is a winter holiday, apparently
You know when I go to bed this early something's wrong sick goodnight 
holy fuck i cannot name the property illustrated in each equation fuck this
So sad to hear Teena Marie has passed away.
RIP Lovergirl!
you should grab you a laptop and some turntables
I use to.
We moved once my sister was born Well she actually my cousin but we call her my sister since our aunt adopted us.
I meant i guess no
sharkweek We're going to need a bigger boat, it's Shark Week!
He needs to be demoted.
He can't pitch.
He sucks.
Ta da!!!!
Super moon!
Sounds like a hot story.
Maybe you can tell it to me and then I can pitch it to you and then you can write about it.
Hehe.
I bet you look adorable getting all shy.
Smooch :
just to save 25 sec
Joliet, IL you guys rocked tonight!!!
Heyy!
What's going on?!
Love you :
I'm so excited for the weekend!
:D
Surprised at 1st MLB game.
Braves?
Phillies?
Nats?
RT At my first professorssional baseball game and enjoying it.
We need runs ASAP!
Chuck Brown  The Party Roll
I have my tickets for The Avengers tonight!
Beyond psyched to see Loki tear it up!
Just recorded my survivor review.
and boy its a long one.
will have it up in a few.
stations also need to tell a story about their value to the comm., beyond just a big stick.
can't do that with pl.
virts
It's a perfect week for it!
Enjoy!
Trying to love our enemies, while remembering the innocent people they murdered, all of our heroes and those who protect us today.
TRAFFIC  Hwy 151 Between Hwy G  Hwy S closed due to a previous rollover accident  traffic is being rerouted.
who's going to the UWGB vs BUTLER game tonight ?
wifey in pool.
Damn no demand at all?
Now I can see why you guys aren't coming over here.
I'd really like to see you guys live sometime tho
The restaurants take those fees out of the tips servers get from those, which is why I always tip in cash if I use my card or not.
why are four things about sex trending?
u up what's da move sleep when u die lol
Similarly, I burn 20s!
RT : When young and impoverished, Pablo Picasso kept warm by burning his own paintings.
I'll wake up at 6.
Be out of the house by around 7.
Go to Starbucks for my daily coffee.
I'll be at school by 8!
where does she park her spaceship?
Thanks for the FF!!
Lovely image!
thank you.....
But I don't think so: 
I DONT KNW WHY PEOPLE ARE COMING TO TWITTER WIT THEY RELATIONSHIP PROBLEMS KEEP THAT SHYT ON FACEBOOK
Then stop tweeting  take car of it lol!
Got that new mix/master over to you...
Check your email and/or the doctorpbox folder
Take a nap.
Mention Twitter at ROUFUSPORT  your 1st month is FREE  we'll take 50 off the enrollment fee!!
Ask about our family plans!!
4144535425
what kind of hateful person can tweet something like that?
What a sad life that girl must lead.
Just followed
Its been raining/cloudy for the past 2 weeks now  all this weather makes me wanna do is sleep.
Whos going to the steelers fan fest next saturday?
Ok by yall
How u been?
Thanks for your kind words.
Twitter showing that Nugget Nectar has landed in the Philly area at and Capones
Had a fun recording session today w/  .
We made kickstarter reward improvs.
Gonna go mix them now.
God thank you for protecting Isaiah and I..we shouldn't be here after what just happened
Start posting cute Easter pics of the kids...
please ; RT : Happy Easter to you too!
.
this is why i need more Twitter followers.
Thanks I have more to getcha soon!
I just moved my office  am getting settled, but I'll have a bunch sent in a week or so!
I don't want no stinking burgers...
Your hand on my shoulder, a meaningless movement
Major News!
Golf Quests, Inc.
just partnered with Golfweek Magazine to offer an exclusive deal for al
Okay guys.
When kenzie and i skype tonight we will decide on our RObot winner.
thanks for being patient!
is the moving screen no longer a foul if it is done against duke?
This is getting ridiculous...
One crazy dude is smelling up this entire BART train.
Whoa.
Get yourself a Leap Year gift.
Its a once in a every four years chance.
Many Waters/Many Floods 4.99 on iTunes!
When I see people do cross fit training at la fitness I lol.
Enjoy no gains
Great Night at SigEp, Really starting to feel like a brother
I don't understand why center grove and greenwood girls r fighting.
U guys r putting ur selfs on each others level please stop fighting.
ThreeWeeks till our jolly off to begins.
idc as long as is happy
If you don't like my words, don't listen.
If you don't like my appearance, don't look.
If you don't like my actions, turn your head.
Did you go to the Jimmy Buffett concert last night  RoseGarden?
what was your favorite part of the concert?
Dear Internet People: What is some of the best or worst dating advice you've received from your mom?
For a project...
and also for my life.
Shouts 2all the moms grocery shopn
I'm officially a fan of One Direction.
I keep calling my puppy and kittens, puppito and kittenito.
Makes me think of you!
I miss you!
Is it nice there?
Having two tests tomorrow and one of them is in first period.
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a doctoram that never will come true but im trust12343
Glad you enjoyed it too!
At TED and listening to Reid Hoffman, founder of LinkedIn.
Thought this was a good place to share that!
: He's one of 80 riveting speaker
gotta grind so fukin hard that shit bring u to tears
nowplaying Jason misterz  I Won't Give Up.
so so pretty!!
thanks again for getting me my lost holiday cards to quickly!
they have gotten rave reviews!!!
u know how we do Lil bruh, u hear big bruh doe???
: yea
Great, I am in the wrong apartment.
That is embarrassing.
Oops I mean never return  fail
my FBB team name is ACL Damage for my own injury, but I may just change it to Brewers.
AJ McLean And His New Wife Are Having A Baby Some celebrities have their publicists dispense baby news and others use an interview to sur
I really just don't care anymore.
The porn bots are my favorites.
I just wish one of them would bite the bullet and call herself Anita Cox.
Chilling for some Quality Matters rubric training.
Looking forward to using it with the Impact Grants
Our wings  now 50 bigger!So basically you're getting 1.5 wings for price of 1.And you don't have to be a math wizard  that's a good deal.
Your welcome!
:
If it makes you feel any better, the exhibits totally stink.
I fucks with that original version of blackenedwhite with a 64 mp3 thrown in there
Congratulations on the launch!!!
We are definitely glad to hear that!
A bar is a social place,not a nursery.
Spill a beer, clean it up.
doctorp a glass, ask the staff to clean it up, then blame it on someone else
those are the three best movies3 we love our little Joshy
Hossa was skating with his head down!!
It's a CONTACT sport, you know that...Hockey  football is turning to a tag sport!
Hey you're making a big mistake cancelling The Finder.
Bring it back for a 2nd season!!
The fans want it!
Eve Jewels is donating a portion of their sales to us  giving u free shipping!
.
Hey!
Isn't a better way 's ad campaign?!
HAPPY CHAMPAGNE THURSDAY!!!!
A chilled glass of bubbly topped off with blueberries would be perfect right now.
SF fans trying to will Lincecum out of the inning with Aramis Ramirez in 32 count with 2 outs and bases doctornk; crowd on its feet
grand panama city beach resort and hell yeah
Taking contraception is still voluntary.
If catholic bishops are confident of their position just ask their followers not to take it.
I'll be right over
dont u want to wait and vote for the best dancers?!
Hi everyone.
Message in saliva..interesting and good to know
watching nyc 22 on cbs so far its pretty good
Don't miss PLA12 Trends in Genre Series, 2pm allstar lineup of our authors plus
Wow, what is Eddie's job status now?
I actually hate NBA, but really how slowmethodical can u really play w/a 24 second clock.
to be specific, you articulate the p, but don't release the puff of air, I'm a speech therapist, lol!
popping in to say hi!
how are you tonight?
Osama Bin Laden is dead!!!
Justice has been served!!!
: we got another one for you.
Are you back in town?
damiesNrunnies
Great conversation  the project will certainly benefit from your insights
Great minds think alike, I guess?
Tactic for victory  devouring supporters.
havent been on here in forever lol:
Just picked up in Madden 12 with the Bears
ireallywant a pet penguin
so happy to b home
This is the longest doctor streak The Locks Law Firm has gone w/o filing a lawsuit, gotta expect one by week's end.
already bro I see you, just lemme know when you ready we doing major concerts out here mayne!
TOMORROW The Plot to Blow Up the Eiffel Tower, I Am the World Trade Center, Ted Nugent 9
Happy 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937510 Day!
Good morning XD
thank u so much.
Its ok if not, I can wait and see it online when y'all give us that pleasure.
Im excited for the show :
Man, new Linkin Park blows.
dude, worlds collide: run a conf
YES, exactly!
a real throwback would be a Hey Arnold marathon, Rocko's Modern Life, etc.
Stay Humble and Hungry!
Question 1  This one is easy!
What is Austin's favorite color?!:
Things do not change; we change.
Henry David Thoreau
sat and sun
CONGRATS MY NIGGA !!!!
DO YO THING!
4 and a half shows left.
Yes at intermission now.
How wrong is this to be texting during a show.
Wait till you visit Houston, haha
That lady looks like a pony says the 4 year old.
Please tell me it's just the hair.
I love sleeping 
Looking for someone with strong benefits experience interested in an Enrollment Coordinator/Special Projects Manager position  3540K!
Try me.
They Played Frank Ocean Thinking Bout You on the radio woo
Librarians meeting at Downtown library at noon to march together to Capitol.
wiunion
Cleaning the garage out
dudei was amazing.
I had to learn 'Smile' for a wedding last year with , I need to get an orange blazer now...
Another great resource!
Thank you!
I like rob dyrdeks fantasy factory
What's wrong with it?
Lol.
RT : RTing a tweet and responding to it in your own tweet  haha
: Suppose we had...
math mister if I hear that one more time...
sschat Thinking about having my students create an ongoing wikispaces for the school year utilizing different web 2.0 tools, good idea?
What a good last full day in LA!
Toured access hollywood and host extraordinaire talked to the class.
Back to chi in 1 day :
just talking shit lol how are you?
Pet Peeve: People who have no motivation to better themselves in anyway and then rely on everyone else
I can haz too?
: bring your bike up to sac and we can go on a bike riding buckhunter all city tour!
On my way to another cold city!!
GR here I come :
Any ideas..searching for a delicious restaurant in Milwaukee
that.
Is.
Awesome.
Oh, and can't wait to see you!
On flipside, this is why a platform ppl rally around is great: We are constantly improving Armstrong  yes, I'll take that
Today in 1979, Andoctorw Lloyd Webber opens Evita on
Oomf is Bouta get the whole cold shoulder 
Enjoy!
RT : : My Wilcotour2012 starts tonight!
I put my phone down, come back to RT n my  disappeared...
RT : Quite a few DJs need to worry less about matching clothes and more on matching beats and that is the Gospel
Bored in my 2nd period
As a newcomer to Facebook Fan Pages, I find it a little frustrating, anyone else?
But women are powerful and I too will endure.
Follow your passion  live off of inspiration.
New Asus Zenbook for work, love getting new tech on a Friday!
What TV show made your childhood?
:3
Hmm.
Someone is threatening legal action for comments on my blog.
Anybody have precedents out there?
I so enjoy April showers.
Something just makes them so peaceful.
And oh, we're clicky.
Apparently none of these people were given a sense of humor with their MLIS.
Writing a grant for a new opera that combines gender as performance, government funded zoos and a house of very troubled frauleins
RT : If u have flyers or Promo items u need marketed out in atlanta call 404 593 0914 ...
Budgets only
Then i take back my last statement.
i thought it was just 350 k.
The 1 million would hardly cover what needs to be done..
Don't you think fans and media have right to criticize their teams poor decisions?
Buenos Dias : Today you should have some Pineapple.
cartoons are the shit!
except it wasnt me, it was my better half, today.
Man its been a min!!!
I can't wait til the 5 o'clock
Thank you!
i earned my legendary status
Seattle: how it is possible I can love you, hate you, and also not be bothered to give a damn about you, depending on the day?
RIP to my homie Nate Dogg I hear all Doggs go to heaven.
talking to my best friend jackie on skype:
now I remember why I hate finals week so much.
Probably shouldn't have spent 8 hours watching movies yesterday
Great film tour you produce!
Read about 'cause of Anne Makepeace's We Still Live Here.
Can't wait to work with you in few years.
AND MY MOM ISN'T PICKING UP THE PHONE D:
wow...is the state that severely divided?
How do both sides coexist on other issues?
Never underestimate evangelicals
doctorwing up some logos tonight, t shirts on the way!!!
Happy Easter everyone :
About to get doctorssed.
Right back at ya, Noland!
I'm a sucker for mystery and thrillers
you like your guitar more than your vagina.
that is so sweet : makes me so proud!!!
hate  unacceptable
Mendelssohn's Elijah features the stunning reply to the peoples feverish petition to Baal to aid the people...
complete silence
All that money, the money is the motive.
Girl, put in work, girl, girl put in work.
Is your HS senior graduating next year?
Create memories that last a lifetime with one of our portrait packages.
You've read Thomas Tweed?
I need to revisit him.
Had very mixed feelings about Crossing and Dwelling.
All SKC so far.
Whew!
Just finished the last graduation announcement.
Congratulations to all grads!
Commencement just one week away ...
Knows the real fountain of youth is to have a dirty mind and a naughty smile..
do you like being an actress?
RT : Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer.
Romans 12:12
I caught smoking weed.
thats whats fcked up about it, it doesnt need to be.
haha oh ok.
good one.
us too!
Thx
Kevin heart is a funny kat got my side hurting
my bed is calling me.
night:
what time
HAHAHA!
tuuuuunahhh!
that's so fun to say!
and lololol i love us!
why do we cause a scene everywhere we go?
I had an insensitive and inappropriate response to this all set to go.
I'll just leave it at GOTS 2 BE.
and they were way b4 ur time
Youve got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing.
Dear God when I'm fighting with my alter ego Please let Hillary win and not Martisha
Honduras just got lucky...
Mexico hits the post in the 86th minute...
The ignorance, arrogance, and denial of clearly marks him as totally unfit to serve the people.
I throw my shoes at you, sir.
Aw, hi!!
Thank you so much!!
RT I love Stupid and Seventeen.
I cant stop listening to it!!!!!!
:
Getting pumped for tonight!!
Ready to start the new year right!
I have no problem with acknowledging another pretty female :p
Cinco De Mayo Celebration Tomas tonight  7:30 for dinner and doctornks.
Meet us Senor Tomas!
i'm on book
If the Sixers beat us, I will admit to crying in the locker room and never having the ability to be as good as Jordan.
My heart sank after hearing the news of Japan
What did you think of Taylor Swift's performance of MEAN ?
AT DA SAME DAMN TIME!!!
AT DA SAME DAMN TIME!!!
AT DA SAME DAMN TIME!!!
are you really takin it next year?
And because dnt u have 3rd with her lol?
What is art?...
Self actualization peppered by influence and shaped by time.
Just a thought.
Thanks so much for the mention.
Keep in touch!!!
Off to see Cabin in the Woods with I have high expectations after all the hype.
I highly doubt I will be disappointed.
when you coming back to beertown bill e?
We miss you!
Okay, okay, okay...I am officially done with horoscopes.
Don't ask!
I tweets her to much....im so jelous ;/
Whoa...GOOD to hear ur an iOS Developer now!
I mean at least you know you got an a for negotiating with your crush
I can't say how excited I am that you are following me!
I've got so much respect for you!
:
Karen, definitely.
You?
How mny peeps r on twitter at 1:07 in the morning??
True ICONiacs r!!!!
TeeHeee
Context for my tweet is that I no longer work in publishing so I am allowed such misuse of the word.
thanks for the
cool!
BTW, what happened to the Grizzly's?
Was actually pulling for them.
My May Day started with me biking to work.
My body now hates me.
But it won't soon.
Good luck out there, warriors.
What a gorgeous sun rise this morning, rva!
Indeed!
You'll get over it just like Larry Bird!
Agree.
I have lurked when my main interest is to follow and get info.
Jumping into discussion can distract.
Not soon enough!
I love SF though, and try to get there at least a couple times a year to see friends.
2000 tickets out for Fridays show at club firestone!
We hope your coming out.
I think the most ignorant thing you can do is negatively judge someone you have never spoken to in your life.
Uh this gonna be a rough couple weeks
Pivotal Tracker all the way!
:
Our 2012 Legislative Agenda was approved this morning.
Will post here shortly.
I am SERIOUSLY loving this weather.
It feels like spring!!
Getting into the swing of ios5.
A new friendship begins.
Lovin new notifications and camera controls
Jusss got off work!
Going home and taking a nice hot bath!
Whoo, goodnight tweeps!
Can't wait to read it next!
: My fridayreads is Alison Bechdel's ARE YOU MY MOTHER?
haven't looked yet but thx in advance for this.
signed, bad day.
You might want to rethink that gmail professorle picture of you, bikiniclad, in a swimming pool, when sending a query.
Just saying.
Yeah...
I didn't think that would do Anything.
Ready for a relaxing weekend.
Back to the grind.
damn I get unfollowed?!
Keep it real fam!
And a great show followed by a delish meal at the Modern.
Craftstravaganza and pot roast, perfection!
This discussion has PAWWWWWWWL written all over it.
SMWcampaign:  Are people more powerful?
Hard to find signal through noise in socialmedia  most shouting unheard into void?
Now following
How do hurricanes see?With one eye
Soo this guy Kony and LRA has been at large since the 70's...why now is pop culture paying attention?
Looked awesome!
I have Lived world of Personal Development My whole life.
You...ROCK!...Quick question on presentation and structure
Trying to straighten out invoices with Lyrasis.
It's not easy.
Hey J.W.
and Plax says Big Ben is his favorite QB!
Geez
Stay close to your computer tomorrow!
Not only do I have a great feeling about hitting 500 fans but we have more surprises for you!
Looks like another boring Friday night for this guy
RT RT if you believe in miracles.
11th grade astronomy class.
We watched tv all day.
Our oct band trip scheduled for NYC was then changed to new Orleans.
cant wait to get a job
Tried your boss to no avail...How about amending HR1070 to exempt offers under 5m from state regulation?
It'll be tough to make  this is my last weekend to pack.
I promise we'll hang before I go in 2 weeks :
UM you should probably twitter yourself in private RT : RT : RT : hi
hes about to leave soon u should do a YouTube video with him
I can be all you need, wont you please stay with mee?
Art is Luminous!
Answer our FB trivia to win a family pass !
your tweets are amazing, just like you 3
Economic obsolete not an issue over looking LA River Center Street Hguhes Tech Towers Fiber Optics DEC Web OS
u r wlcome
Re: Frozen Bike Rack Kick it....pour warm water on it....Leave the bike at home cuz if the rack is frozen it's too damn cold!
;
Elliot really shouldn't leave his cell phone where people can find it, what with him being a pigfucker and all.
Love your perspective  you inspire me
fight against us but our team is too deep  our defense is too strong.
The bench is showing them that right now in the 4th.
gone off a fifth and it's not even noon;P
have Mike change the name of the show to the Phil Dawson Show for a day
That awkward moment when your scuba diving and you see adele rolling in the deep
RT You know me too well!
I had a good laugh.
may just be my new read for the running season!
See ya there!
Snow coming down.
Take back what I told meganmcglover.
:D Fundoctoriser 4 ABQ!
Go 2 store  buy up all tbl salt  donate 2 city.
Clr the roads
doctornking the 5 PBR and bourbon special.
Btw the veggie sloppy Joe sliders are the jam!
I am fine w/ it.
Justin Bieber on ridiculousness?
shippingwars is funny.
The old people certainly likes talking smack.
i want spiderbites.
what do you think?
We grinding like clipse, if it ain't money keep my name off yo lips
so im sitting here waiting for you to follow me...
will that day come?
what kind of job are you looking for?
: ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo put my education or family before you.
that's why I'm not really a bettin man.
Up next on the TJMS: Raphael Sasdiq chats with the crew!
Hey i just followed you, And this is crazy, But i just love you, So follow me, Maybe?
The lamest people will be bumpin his shit in their parents car 
When our dog listens to me but not Amy hahaha
hope yours was happy, too!
Goodnight good people :
LEARNING!!
baka is a lot more fun to say over and over, though.
had a great time with you baby loved our deck time and the pool!
xo
bravo's playing maywood today!
:D
poor get hit with regressive use  consumption taxes that eat up small incomes
Just finished watching 21 jump street and they stopped texting me.
Oh!
And I feel like shit
had to follow
hey will all of you TRUE directioners out there follow this up and coming singer on youtube for me she is RT when u have
AMS is a proud member of the Albuquerque Chamber of Commerce, the Alb.
Hispano Chamber  we're also a Diamond Member of Keep It Querque!
RT : Warm and fuzzy feelings right now at the year end gathering.
any folks in Lawrence want to meet up, we are at the outhouse.
I already called dibs on the bbw ladies tonight.
My first trip to NYC has been booked!
Thank you for the amazing deal.
Now what should I see and where should I eat then?
:
I arise each morning torn between a desire to strengthen the world and a desire to enjoy the world.
Thank you!
I'm glad you love me video's.
I agree with you, touching cute clothes is a way to make sure its actually is cute.
:
Fixin' to defy the laws of physics w/gravitydefying lifts this AM!
4th Annual Miss Black and Gold Pageant is this Sunday!!!!
Make sure you get your tickets!!!
Contact any
Our programs are designed to empower our Shelter residents to regain their independence  to be self sufficient members of our community.
see i would say there's probably more beards, but with the growing number of ladies, the web dev peeps might sweep!
Good night tweethearts.
I just finished watching Aaliyah One In A Million on BET.
Set your DVRs if you haven't seen it.
Beautiful tribute.
My room has bottles of margarita and triple sec...Ew girldoctornks Someone pass the jack and beer...
Perhaps all that energy was used on that 160 run in the 2nd.
Hope the Celtics have something left in the tank.
Benjamin Disraeli The secret of success is constancy of purpose.
who wants to follow 4 follow.
who needs promo.
check out my page.
On road to HHI
: rapids 4 tickets for 50?
Add on 25 for that's rubbish mate
Can't wait to play with and tonight at !
cc:
Congratulations.
When's the celebration?
We're starving!
;
WhenImBored i will go far away, no matter how much i will spend, no matter what i may encounter.
I like to say that Twitter is like a bar, Facebook is your living room and LinkedIn is the local chamber of commerce.
BSStoltz
: I'm an early bird today!
new to twitter
getting ready for school.
not happy to be going grrr.
i love my ashly :
FOLLOW ME, I FOLLOW YOU BACK!
I FOLLOW EVERYONE THAT FOLLOWS ME!!!!
:
i love you sandoctor but what the fuck is wrong with you today?!
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Release party last night!
The album will be available shortly for online download!
People will always talk.
And everyone wonders why I keep to myself.
Hi Analeigh, the FilmBreak team would love to meet you this Saturday from 811pm at West at Hotel Angeleno in Bel Air
At Christmas play and make good cheer, for Christmas comes but once a year.
Thomas Tusser
lol ur crazy !!
: I can already imagine u doing that.
Lol.
I can't wait till tomorrow !!
np Bread Yellow ostrich.
such a perfect song.
Lately I'm intrigued by the waterfall web view at various times during the day versus mapping my lists to Tweet deck.
Totally napped longer than I meant to...
Oops!
When is US/NATO going to get the hint they aren't really welcomed in Afghanistan?
Always some1 in uniform/ Afghan soldier shooting them down
My Dad ordering at Starbucks is the most entertaining thing.
Hi can I have a grandayy strawberry strobee with mint....like what?!?
RANDI IT'S HAPPENING LIKE WHAT HAPPENED IN THE BOOKS
Hey you, jumping lunges ...
go die.
I'm not either.
I have hockey till 10 though
Acting like thugs on the internet
Keisha is so tiny..
she's Royce size!!!!
But you cant really tell
RnBThrowBacks : They Don't Know  Jon B
f ya, it's messed up...now we got to rely on boozer...sad
America, spread your golden wings.
us directioners better get you and 1D to ATL!!
Now following
Thanks for the spotify invite :
The National Cathedoctorl is one of the most impressive monuments in Washington DC.
Come take a pick and learn about this prestigious.today 2pm
Thanks for the shout out Anna, come visit us soon :
I never tire of hearing Christmas Wrapping.
Quit using the bad fathers you know as an excuse not to say happyfathersday.
You don't use that excuse on Mothers day!
hey thanks!
Hope everything is well in CA.
atheist so u know idgaf.
follow back please
ya u do
feel better!
Nothing like GameOps shutting down in the middle of a game.
Im not an electrician, but power to the scorers table is kind of important.
Amen!
Good morning to you!!
Had a great time last night being interviewed on Karen Allyn's TV show.
Have a radio interview in TX on the 21st.
Um, could you go back to DMX?
Is that Gael being Gael or Rome's real clay not being so friendly?
Justins Skype: JB94x  Justins Cell: 551 want the rest?
follow  im only picking 10 winners!!'!!!
Another weekend of great football...
Please pretty please follow me!
love you xoxo317
Blanket on hot.
Blanket off cold.
1 leg out Perfect.
until the demon from paranormal activity grabs it and doctorgs you down the hall.
she in love wit doctorgs dat pussy get licked up
OMG.
I know I say Glee is good, like, all the time, but IT IS SO GOOD TONIGHT.
So stoked for today's rocktherange event.
Come out to the show if you can.
If not watch it live on ransom.tv
Eerily reminiscent of attempts to use the militarys land for the airport.
We saw how well that went.
Will Rage be coming to protest the fascists at the RNC this year in Tampa?
because fearbased, preemptive reffing is status quo in these playoffs.
It's gunna turn out to be a real nice day today
I got about 17 seconds to look at my phone.
Another 2 hours workin this party.
How is your face?
thank you, awesome compliment, I'd RT it but I'd look like an egomaniac ;
Really cool PIC!!!!!!
AWESOME
: If you change this sentence around misterowl ate my metal worm it says the same thing!
That's tighhttt lol
its Fall Break ,  and im hella bored
Leading 2Day StartingUp Facilitator Training here in Chicago for Chicago Public Schools who are training new high school Treps!
Idk if CA can handle you for a month.
thanksfortheheadsup lol
You can't make the same mistake twice.
The second time is not a mistake, it's a choice.
Ppl who work at fast food places b having a attitude n b mad all the time.......
just saw this sorry
Singer Dionne Bromfield, goddaughter of Amy Winehouse, views tributes outside the late singer's north London home.
Glad you liked it!
Thanks for sharing your experience.
Sounds great  I look forward to it.
Enjoy your holidays as well!
But the only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
crazy busy day!
facebook fan pages are converting to timeline today.
are you ready?
The Artist Wins!!
's November screening wins goldenglobe for Best Picture: Musical or Comedy.
Mkefilm knows what's up ;
Did you just finish season 2 of Sherlock?
thank You for the ff Luv!
Enjoy the snowy weekend!
Hey followers!
Check out 's twitter!
She's got some amazing tweets you don't wanna miss!
Her 1000th follower will get a shout out!
keep makin your shows because your the comedy god
Betty went off the deep end!
What happened to her?!?
Oh damn, can't get in bed yet.
Walked into the bedoctorom and forgot my sheets were in the doctorer.
I have more than 1 set, but I love those!
media99 Jesse Thorn kept his radio show after college, went to podcasting, then to public radio syndication  public comedy podcasting.
Laugh out loud bk sounds great!
: 's new book MostTalkative very funny laughed out loud a lot.perfect for summer
Group Ride is Canceled : we shall cross our fingers for next week!
oh tonight I worked with a mckenna.
straight up had the same name as me.
same spelling.
everytime I talked to her I added mckenna at the end
Its whatever.
I let her feel how she wants too'
Quite frankly, I've always thought that what libraries needed was a little more cowbell...
Call 2643585 now to speak to a catering consultant to make the arrangements for your special event at Milano Inn.
Pacman has more sponsors than a racing team
RIP Dick Clark; thought he would outlive us all
ok so maybe Miami will sweep New York in first round series.
In case I'm not the only one who was wondering.
The Society of American Archivists' annual meeting hashtag is
thingsthatpissmeoff belligerent doctornks...
doctornking more.
Done deal.
Stamps, no erasies
Wants to remind you that even though you can not go back and make a brand new start, you can always start now and make a brand new ending.
yeah please do ya rude.
And do some go backs too.
Bahah
Everything we do has science and technology in it.
We need to show that connection.
It is all about connection..
how can museums improve it?
I can't control my excitement about next week!
My girls, a wedding, some fun  a lot of laughs.
Thanks Scott, much appreciated!
Maybe I should!
I've been in several over the years,  I know how I prefer that they function.
You are correct.
Never take sides against the family.
Loyalty.
she needs meds
What has passed is already finished with.
What I find more interesting is what is still to come.
Got a random Billboard issue.
you know there is a difference between rock and alt.
Also, FooFighters are not the only rock band.
That's a good thing ;
Wow I feel like the biggest bitch in the world right now, I was so mean to this guy, turns out he has extremely bad depression :'
I appreciate your help and great quotes.
Thanks again!
Dude I bought a Mash Taters shirt and Thome has yet to mash a tater let alone a turnip
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood .
.
.
Make big plans; aim high in hope and work.
Daniel Burnham
awesome duder...let me know if you need any tee printing services.
I'm eager to see what you're gonna be selling!!
Im looking for a comedic agent???
How many of you are waiting for 2012 to begin?
It was a great networking event too!
Thank you Rackspace.
yes!
well, next door.
i turned the lights off, so there probably won't be any more princesses coming tonight..
lol obviously.
What else am i here for :
you did a fantastic job tonight!
brought tears to my eyes!
Still can't believe your only 15 years old.
First hour of the semester  I've already had one student refuse an audiobook.
I'd rather read it, he said.
I hear a LOT of that.
A friend's elderly cat is thriving on homemade chicken soup.
Served room temperature, just the way she likes it.
read ur last tweet
I'd love to do a photoshoot if ur ever in the Dallas Tx aria
Not looking out the window of this class today.
I'm just gonna focus on the Big Beat Manifesto.
yeah we are....
Now we just need to figure out where we are goin for dinner haha ;
problem may not be with students but with assignments
5 new interventions better get ready
Very good.
The band did an awesome version of Sherry!
Sounded like the 4 Seasons were there!
Home is a lovely thing.
A long three weeks, and possibly a longer car ride...
Kk and haha no one in particular ;
Well, I'm a fan of Ayn Rand  had to see how Hollywood would treat her writing.
It comes down to needing better actors.
To anyone using Path..
Is it worthwhile?
I'm considering using it.
No worries..
He will tell you how to get down when you are in a covenant relationship.
Be sure to listen!!
oh and change your egg head!
:
I think MLB will give him 8.
Not sure if he appeals or wins.
im working at a party xD
Someone just coughed in my face
Yeah that's what I thought...bummer...and kinda odd, but whatever.
Can't wait to see it!!
whats ur professorle picture and name?
Two fantasy goats in one 17 inning game, combined 0/15; Adoctoran Gonzalez  Chris Davis cc:
At a Salvadorian food stand sampling pupusas.
Q: How warm does it need to be outside until you wear flip flops?
you work?!
Never knew!!
Hahaha
I made a twitter...
just to follow xD
How many of you guys are coming to our show may 25 with sworn in at newbys
Well done is better than well said.
Benjamin Franklin
True dat.
Punting tonight as well!
Uh, no, he got caught up in the batter's box.
Not walking.
Shouldn't have been asked to bunt; he's their best hitter.
Are piano learning books any good?
YES!
Slowly but surely I'm gaining more followers.
At this rate, I'll be at 1k followers in 3 years lol smh
It seems like a waste of energy and expenses.
What about editing?
Done by prepublication panels?
how organize that?
back to journal board
so what is your fav sport?
Pour a little sugar on it honey
so i cant mess around with today cause i got a spotlight to get done.....u wasnt with me shotting in the gym hugh lol
Employee volunteer day at St Vincent De Paul Food Pantry Saturday!
Yeah!
Getting ready to play at Kana winery tonight.
Fun!
Editing after dinner but being called to the hot tub.
Man, that sounds almost glamorous.
Finally starting from next week, we will see SM artists make comeback on music stage!!!
Happy Happy!!!
Thanks and for an outstanding dinner!
Several new books to add to my reading list.
Thank god i don't wear that stupid bang anymore
The great has reappeared on Twitter!
People are disgusting.
Now I know that I don't need to be on Twitter on Sundays for sure!!!
it does bare a striking resemblance to one doesn't it?
Thanks for the mention btw!
Congratulations on your scholarship!
Viagra Lite: For people who only want to masturbate
CBSBigBrother They did better tonight than they did After Dark.
Congrats Jordan!!
What is the best sporting event to see live?
Hmm maybe 6?
And there were some on errors?
Hahaha just wait till next time
Maybe Hedley's doing expose on rich aristocrats?
He's already following a queen and a princess.
Could he dig up enough to out me?
.
.
.
Nah.
Hard caffeine crash.
whats THAT suppose to mean!?
lol
oh hockey season..i miss you dearly/3
That was a very nice from George Hill to LeBron James.
Why he's passing to James though, I don't understand.
fear lives in the oscillation of the past and future  not in the present
Are you a exhibitor?
We're throwing a VIP party for exhibitors on Saturday.
Visit our booth to learn more.
I'm trying to think of one thing that i like about winter......nope...can't think of a thing.
yeah man me and ian got in an accident at work.
Thanks EvlBert!
Akira and I have shot together, she is yummy!!
Will post pics for ya!
Thank you sir1 RT : Happy Birthday !
There's a couple people I just want to punch in the face
I'll never agree that robots  instant replay are the answer.
A commissioner interested in more than  would be a step in right direction.
My house is a fucking sauna.
KMS
Robin Murray : 15 million hits/month to the WorldCat API.
I had everything I ever wanted, but nothing I really needed.
I need some food.
Like now?
I know I have to give up my ratchet ways....but I love twerking
love to see you at our CT viewing party tonight 6pm
: Well....
I was having a good night!
Now...not so much!
welcome to my world 
This isn't a Black Bar.
Stop using this excuse
ok ...
delicious looks  acts different ...
I'm disoriented.
When did it change?
Is it better?
Worse?
Any helps on getting oriented?
Hope everyone had a fantastic thanksgiving and weekend
Our doves are raised and lovingly cared for.
Each dove is trained to be released and return home.
Pretty Amazing!
Just traveled to the center of the world!
There's some ugly ass bitches in the world.
Ok Great!!!
yep Life is RT Both games in Final 4 won by UK by 8 points  8th title.
Life is really weird sometimes, odd coincidences.
If you suffer from allergies reduce your exposure to allergens in your house by wearing a face mask while cleaning and dusting.
Contemplating about a guild, but it is quite a socialist idea when it is a capitalistic market out here.
I'm going to have the fun I deserve to have all weekend!
I loved The Pokey Little Puppy  Golden book.
Read it over and over.
Barlow gets hit HARD!
And penalty on OKC.
Go down to la this weekend Should b a nice lil trip
If you ask her to make you a sandwich and she says no...
comin hard with some great quotes
Bye bye unc
what's wrong my friend.
Thanks for joining us today!
nice video!
Had my first Lagrein a few weeks ago.
It was very nice  I found flavors  body similar to Mencia from Bierzo.
don't tweet me
Hey, Devin wondering if you would run something in regard to the Elizabeth Banks/ 'Surrender Dorothy' issue, runs beyond gossipy.
I like how the reason you gave for ppl taking lowpaying jobs is almost exactly the same as mine.
Are you my evil twin?
Answering your email now.
Considering they're including rent, that's actually not high.
I've just been going thru some shit and gotta weigh out whats worth the fight.
but i miss you!
Is anyone even awake there?
The show that B Shels was going to perform at tmister is cancelled due to issues with the club.
I just went thru my 1st body scan  EWR on my way 2 Vegas.
The TSA peep is the 1st woman 2 get 2 see me naked since I came out!
Lucky her!
that waz not funny on the top part ikr han andy poped my sis giraffe
Safely back in the DMV.
Still overwhelmed by the enthusiasm, inspiration, dedication, and love at aam2012.
Stay in touch, friends!
R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT NEW FOLLOWERS
Thanks for showing streetstyle love on the let's do a summer trends article soon on xoxo
If you like dance music....
please follow
Did you do the follow?
cant find you on there.
Also, there is so many Peter Pan references in the entire album of Mylo Xyloto.
Justin is sweet
Chicago Bulls lose in the first round of the NBA Playoffs.
Rich man swag
where were you?
I went to an A party last weekend at miami and toasted to about evrrything.
Had a good time
ah.
I wonder if it would be difficult to use Raphael with Sencha
Sounds a bit like 'Flowers for Algernon'.
Would be an incredible breakthrough.
CAN I BE ONE OF THEM?!
please tell me that there will be spray tan required to go along with the dance costumes???
:
chill ass weekend before our release date.
:
Glad I got my run in before the storm came.
: im sorry!
: i fell asleep SO early.
/:
good job on the video !!
someday I may get into this youtube video thing
Fear is the cause of too much sorrow and too much doubt.
Crazy.
Guess CSR event planners don't talk to each other!
Maybe we can call it CSR Day and be done with it
the guy said something like 'i wish I were still around'.
He had no idea I was there.
He immediately switched to keno.
Reds/Nats on one TV, Caps on next to it in Columbia Heights.
Perfect!
I've seen it...a great resource for teaching this topic.
Getting ready to get WLBYNG4EVR at midnight!!
oh...I wonder if mine is affected
If you don't wear shorts to bible study tonight then you won't be cool.
Yes, this word has a double fulfillment.
What level are you right now  in terms of your 'presence' in the moment?
And with the person you are with?
I'll be there!
Everyone get the new doctornkdoctornkcrunk tank top!
Only have 20 or so left out of 120.
Go go go!
Http://Hyebyeclothing.com
MyPastRelationships some of them were a blast, most of them were horrible .
But all of them werent for me.
.mitchellreports Please report the true story  voter suppression measures are being taken by the GOP, not political parties
I Love Her Love Face
Events around milw this weekend: Gallery Night and Day in the 3rd Ward Fri and Sat.
and Earth Day on Sunday.
Have a good weekend!
Email sent and thank you.
A special umbrella just for coming!?!?!?
weathertweets!
Have you ever wanted to do something so bad you just did it?
M.C.A.
was with it and he's my ace So I grabbed the piano player and I punched him in the face!
faded faded faded
: I'll be your prescription, come  take a dose of me Keri H.
yes
She has grandchildoctorn already?
I thought she was in her 50s or something.
So how do I buy radio airtime in Chicago?
Oh, the memories!
Me in doctorg...shame there weren't any photos of that.
Or not!
What fun it was working with you!
FOUND CAT ALERT!
Nativity Church on Southeastern.
Skinny, tired  may have been lost for awhile.
Extremely sweet and loves being inside....
That's how we do it, Vinniestyle
they should have personally called you ; hahaha jk I guess email works.
all my most amazing promo shots are done by incredible photographer and all around doll ;
all i see is a little blackbox
Standing in line at the post office...15 people and 1 clerk.
Hurry up and wait.
Get It Gone!
Mac Lab's located for participants ease of use on the 6th floor.
don't wink at me.
You tease...
I love your energy!
Very inspirational!
If you didn't know I'm
Running for office?
RT : Long day.
Started in RI in 26 F.
Flew through 13 states, stopped to see the family, now in NOLA and 77.
Congrats to !!
Sick fights guys!
Thanks for put all on the line!!
cause I want to?
How old are you?
happy saturday!!!!
;
i feel sorry for metta world peace too, fckin up his good name on that team.
thx!
We post as a class but the kids come up with message.
They type some of the words and help me edit it b4 posting.
cool.
Be there in about 15.
Why people r unfollowing me: wat did I do!
Still in the race;
YOU'RE very welcome!!
check out our sister company Denver Network Support  IT Consulting  Cisco VoIP Business Solutions
It's Iowa Caucus night  political junkies rejoice!
I nominate HCLINTON she has the depth of experienceintel  toughness to succeed!
Respected admired around the USA  world
i put myself in a shit position .
Why in the never ending world would ppl hate on ??
Just because she met the IB doesn't mean you should hate on her.
Thanks for repinng one of my Social Media infographics on Cheers!

Hiring  Senior Opportunity Brand Director Avatar would like to speak with senior brand managers  brand directors looking for a new a
DM me a link of your show
love hearing that there's some love for at football games!
I'm sorry I've been so slow to respond!
We'll work it out.
IT IS
who's that from?
;
Good day today
I enjoy my shower time.
yes it depends, usually on level of frustration
Really don't want to go to school today
OMG, you need to follow , I fucking die all the time laughing.
I'm doing bikram yoga for the first time tomorrow w/ Any suggestions to prepare??
can I join in sum victory.
I victoriously downloaded a bunch of music off YouTube...that counts right?
Butler is an Ugly bulldog
i'M GOING To Be in The Booth all NEXT WEEK with the manager oh boy can't wait
to help get you through this crazy time
Awhh bye miss e!
Me  love u and will miss u
is it because he's black?
Didn't get in
nice article!
Thanks for tweeting.
We continue to receive beautiful scarves made with love by our donors and supports to be sent to our rescuers in Eastern Europe.
tell me how girls get heart shaped nipples, i would really like to know.
I don't have any shows planned, but there is a place called It's a Grind coffee house in Gilbert.
They have open mics on
ok :D
iWishThat I could be in California right now
I'll take one each
play up the whole jobless thing...the town you currently live in the juxtaposition of the two  randomness of your last job
I hope you're well.
:
no, eating dinner!
How's the scene.
Will u be there for a while?
RT Here's the deal, SXSW visitors.I promise not to act smug about living in Austin if you promise not to move here
sweet :D
great song!!!
They used it Miami Vice...remember??
Thank you!
Yes still feel yucky!
I don't like my enqlish class 
RT Meyer news conference briefly stopped.
Medic just called to the back of the room.
:' life is great
nor can one religion
If every US household replaced 1 bulb w Compact Fluorescent Light bulb, it would prevent pollution to  removing how many cars from road?
It's officially my birthday.
omfg.
hdbasuydbAKUHBCUHBsbfuysdbvak
oh god, i dont even want to know how this came about
Also, please say hi to Olga for me!
:
u gotta come during the season tho
So were A LOT of teams today!!!
saw doctorve last weekend.
Am still a bit obsessed with Kavinsky's zombieromantic track Nightcall.
going good man, what about you?!
Mirror, Mirror  mediocre, mediocre
Just tried previewed a piece Of pizza at cheesies before they roll it out next week .
IT'S ABOUT THE SPURS BABY!!!
Follow the three R's: Respect for self, respect for others and responsibility for all your actions.
Dali Lama
is doing a chat Monday 30th at 7pm PT tune in, things will get
I'm DJing tonight at the Pioneer and is serving doctornks, I think.
Not sure if he survived Arctic Man.
Interviews are like tattoos.
No matter how many I have/get, I still get nervous as hell.
Sheeesh.
lol...
I don't think anyone is confident they'll actually win..
:/
haha brothers these days
Thanks for the RT.
Loved that interactive key campaign from Mercedes.
I'm a photographer and I build my own graphics and I'm pretty fast at dev.
But to make graphics that talk is not easy
If they are stupid enough to walk away, be wise enough to let them go
I wonder how am I gonna succeed in life..
Teach me how to Dougie???
Just call me a fattie.
I don't mind ;
So, she's off to catch her flight and I'm just sitting here bored 
I'm calm now....but this person will still hear from me
No need to like anything on Facebook.
Just get to today through Monday for your entry to win!
: 
!!!
YES YES YES.
i need to listen to it 87 times now.
Including a reading/signing in New York this Thursday, April 19, 57pm
thats the exact face i made,
We are down to 20 minutes to go w/ the game still scoreless.
Winner will advance to Big 12 Finals.
Currently listening to in anticipation of the major announcement tomorrow.
I wonder if it is what I'm thinking it is?
what a great match.
not my out come but still it was fucken great!
Much to Curtis Painter's surprise, the Ravens have signed Curtis Painter.
you and me both dude....
Girls are always scared cause they always think their guy will find someone better than them.
IRS Authorized Tax Payment Service.
Low 1.95 convenience fee.
www.payUSAtax.com.
So glad to have a night out with the girls:
Who flushes more crap into the WI ecological system than Tom Barrett?
Answer: Nobody.
But scored in final minute to win over Miami and stopped four plays from inside 5 yard line in last minute to win over Jacksonville
I want a fireplace in my room.
Thanks a lot I hope you are well!
Tennessee acting like high school dmac.
Need to scrape these people off Manning's skin
SeaMonkeys assemble!
PAX
Give us feedback on our new Twitter look.
Doug, thanks for the RT!
Soups of the day: Chicken Pastina, Cream of asparagus, Minestrone, Italian Wedding, ravioli Florentine, tortellini brodo, Beef Barley, M
Just told my mom we sat at table next to Mitt Romney's family/political friends this Sat.
at Bye, Bye Liver comedy show.
Didn't believe me.
RT : You should always be best friends with Legal great corporate wisdom from , Global VP of Digital at Starbucks
got your emailwill respond
Baby promise me you'll stay stay baby song stuck in my head
Unreal amount of big mix action again today with the surprise return of pummeling me just like pre black Friday.
I need to work on my Kitty Fisher style.
:
Grateful for the ppl in my life who inspire me.
Our conversations open my mind.
happy friday to you!
We are doing well!
Happy to finally be open and serving the community delicious meals!!
At first I was hesitant about it but after five listens I realized it isn't all too different than other songs he's made.
ok makeup/hair team..
looks stunning.
Fantastic song choice Jessica!:
Cats or Dogs?
New Generation 2 Nutcase helmets are available.
They feature 360degree reflectivity, spin dial size adjustment and a magnetic buckle.
International Women's Day Celebration  Fashion Show is from 23pm TODAY in the International Connections Lounge!
Hes got better seats this time RT : No way RT: Nate's brother got the ball!
I wish we were alone right now so I could punch you in the face
A model's killer punched his own ticket today.
Sometimes the news gives you a snapshot of what humanity is capable of.
For better or worse.
: Mj's and Fisher's numbers : I got 23 and 02.
That's a start :you are right there my friend :
gotta believe the clubhouse will be very subdued during your interviews w injuries and all
Who's Walking in the Autism Walk in April, here in Milwaukee?
We are!!!
contact us for team shirts!!!!
the big huge gorilla at the zoo died today :
Sounds Cool, I will check it out!!
4:38 wake up call thanks to my baby boy
It's time for me to tweepgood nite
DESTRUCTION IM FOR IT BUT MAYBE I WANT GO FORWARD THINKING ABOUT CONTINUE
Never give up on something that feels right, because it probably is.
Unknown
Why do all my customers have to give me TMI?
Like I really wanna know you want your meds fast b/c you're on house arrest?
In joining 's wedding livetweet crew, i cast my vote for UnionoftheAmacs.
very stately.
and sounds most like an opera song.
No shame in my game
Beth Rosen's Spotlight Radio Lights Camera Action Interview with Danny Boushebel on Rhino on Air scheduled for 11:00AM today.
Tune in!!!!
We will have some ladies in Sarasota Fl available in January..Dont miss out on these ladies
you should see the chat log from the conversation I'm having with right now
Keeps the wheels turning.
That's one thing we do at least.
thank you daddy
yep will go w my mom she loves John
lol I knew that !
Ima do it first thing tomorrow :
Tweet tweet3 new to twitter BLAZIN UP
Brown  Jones Reporting hopes all of our clients have a safe and happy holiday!
darts and beer on friday?
Call me, you hooker!
Did they thank you for filling it with groceries?
RT Someone just stole my cart at the grocery.
really?
Never expected Twitter to be such a valuable research resource but here I am looking through tweets for resources for final papers
how've you been!
I'm confused why!?!
Yeah.
I'm hoping Urlacher and the vets can keep them in line.
I like Jeffery though.
Great pick.
We actually have receivers!
Nevermind it's not letting me message you...
But a very long time ago you gave me a batch of beats along with Dark Matter.
united airlines has completely shit the bed today!
pathetic customer service, worse actual service!
: I've had various people call me a Grammar Nazi xD like me ;
what the,
Don't miss the Charity Date Auction at The Alliance Center tomorrow  7!
Bid on Atlanta's hottest singles  all for charity!

I text you.
You don't text back.
I feel stupid.
St.
Patrick's Day, I'm wearing a rubber band green, top green, shirt green, pants green, jeans green, socks and green shoes.
oh.
what's your panel?
bet it's good.
My doctorads are slowly replicating the color of Tom Hanks' hair in Castaway.
Get me out of this Florida sun!
it was nice to see everybody and be back on set glades for S3.
You guys rock!!!
1.
U know when u say,let this get in the marrow of ur bones when ur teaching?
Well, I think it's in there when u wake up..
in a princeton review class.
Forgot all my algebra and geometry
finally after 2 tries i got the right power cord...
WHOS READY FOR SOME HQ MUSIC NOW!
HUH?...
Garret Sim: We weren't getting any calls tonight and they were getting all of them.
UW shot 3 more FT's.
No to coonhounds.
They howl.
I've already got a cat that howls.
ARTISTS IM GOING IN FOR MY CELEB BDAY BASH HIT ME UP TOO GET A CHANCE TOO PERFORM AND A MIXTAPE SPOT WITH THE HOTTEST CELEB MIXTAPE DJS!!!
Register TODAY to attend DE's own Dancing w/the Stars on 3/12/12!
100 of proceeds benefit
My birthday is in 8 days.
Mind giving me an early birthday present and flying me over there ASAP?
lol you better make sure louis doesn't see p
THEY BLOCKED IT
Dunkin Donuts has more subconversations about prostitution than their new KCups
what up ugly?
what did Tony say?
WHAT IS THE PROBLEM OF MY EYE?
It's been...
about 10 hours?.
The only knot I appear to be able to tie is the fourinhand.
Can't wait to hear from at cfaleadercast!
We will be listening from Cleveland, Ohio.
Fortune and love favor the brave.
Ovid
Omg my Gmom just ask me to sign her up with Twitter.
I'm sure it'll be great.
bitch you think i'm finna stoop to yo level fuckin internet thug.
Fake ass BITCH
Thanks to the new followers...
Thanks so much for your support!
Thanks for sharing, Jodi!
Yeah.
A boy ICONiac is very rare.
Girls will go gaga.
The only person I will ever be gaga for is Vincent.
Lmbo!
;
Don't wear boots and a leather jacket and listen to Blonde Redhead and expect me not to be in love with you
and we're trying to make it even funner :
idk cuz I haven't been paying attention lol.
I'll leave it to the GM
Bitch jumped off my dick Is that over there?
I feel sorry for single dads.
Those kids have to be really annoying for the mom not to want them.
Almost moved in.
Emphasis on Almost
for the first time in 2 years, i did not have to go to bed before the sunset and i do not have to go to work at 1 am.
takethatwednesday!
Awesome!
Can't wait to see it.

love him!
Thanks phi!
RT : that shits live bro..
Good stuff
Nov 5th 1955 the day doc brown created time travel.
RT We had the same problem.
Pete put a bunch of DVD bundles on eBay  got a few hundoctord for 'em.
Paid 4 the iPad :
do you have any Prog for NonProg: Part 2 classes in the evenings coming up, after the daytime one this Fri 5/11 at ?
The problem with girls is now my favorite song.
Me and Desirea are now planning on meeting you one day.
Haha.
I liked the remark, silly.lol
Thanks for the tweets, guys!
First Impact Denver class is meeting upstairs...I know they are all amazed at their colleagues!
just wondering will this give computers viruses?
If you want to promote LIFE contact Brendan  Onething11 via Lovesick
All these techno  dub step bros think they invented bleep bloop, but we all know R2D2 was 1st on the scene
The orphan master's son / Adam Johnson
Or not having phone service inside a hospital to tweet your frustrations, but at least there's WiFi...
its smaller and easier.
Seems to be a place where students go to get their grades up.
Then they transfer back.
Agree and disagree WAY fun!
RT This list says PR executive is 7th most stressful job.
Do you agree?
bit.ly/y2Uku1
Huh...that was supposed to say engrossed, but now it just sounds like I think our website is gross.
Sigh..what are my fingers doing?
Follow this monster back!
At the governor about to interview Cindy from the link for women!
how can you not like milk?!
okkayy with the trans am and a blunt, but whys the trans a auto?
she a beauty tho.
FirstRead: The New Yorker reboots online books coverage
Nevershoutnever?
I think yes c:
Healthcare is still local.
There are still more private HIEs than public/broader HIEs  Ed Brown,
National Night Out Block Party!
Only have 1000 water balloons to fill and 100 beach balls to blow up..
Then watch out neighborhood kiddies!
bracketsuperstitions when in doubt, follow your
Stoked to be headed to Baltimore tomorrow to attend 's Right to Shoes event and meet staff and supporters.
Can't wait for my dose of Jason Isaacs tonight.
Jealous that I won't be in attendance at the game tonight...but SOON!
didn't know the 120 makes a tour of harbor island
As a person we human!!!...
psst, shipping is free  http:www.mineralsecrets.com  limited time offer
Very hard, great last team builder, worked there 17 years.
RT I see ur working hard.
What does everybody do when youtube is blocked in your elementary schools?
Any suggestions?
RT IT'S LIKE U STEPPED ON A KITTEN.
NYC shows : THIS Thurs, Fri  Sat at 8pm.
If a show is sold out online, there should be cash only tix at the door the night of!
Everyone at the airport is doctornk.
Still waiting for a flight home.
:
honored to be followed by you Kim.
Thanks!
My cats new name is Knife hands lol.
Come back?
Amen RT : Righteously indignant about the idea of universal healthcare?
Go read 's twitter stream and get back to me.
The message is clear.
The message is simple: GO PACK GO!
That's easy!
You should play MW3 but every time you die, you do a few assignments for your not real because it's virtual school.
Heading to Camp this week!
Check it out!
www.campsnowball.org
hahahha, that has to be one of the better Barajas jokes
my nap
If you're going out in the Chi tonight, go to www.scoresluda.com and print off some free passes and come see us
Quote o' the Day: poop with purpose 
Any idea where it will held next time?
Don't allow people to push you to the point of rage.
That's the window of opportunity for the Devil to possess you.
On my way to the desert, aka Kingdom , with , to hang with the coolest lowres MFA faculty in the country.
My friend only wears white shirts.
He's either in a gang or he has dandoctorff.
you saved me from hurting myself yesterday.
We loved with a love that was more than love.
Edgar Allan Poe
Caseys irish pub downtown sounds nuts...they shut down the whole street and its one giant party
Went to and got some Oreo froyo with chocolate sprinkles.
Yum!
I just realized that its gettin dark and its not even 7:30...I can't wait til these cool days come.
I'd rather wear a sweater
: I got my fan going I'm a wuss when it comes to heat ...
Same here ...
2 fans lol
Thanks  looking forward to having you back on soon!
TWiT Live has live video images from Ryan Block in the iPad3 demo room.
Even over Skype video the retina display is unbelievable.
I'm gonna let all you pussies from rich neighborhoods think you know about hockey.
I'll get off here and continue being a student of hockey.
Tommy is a deep sensitive loving guy Erika he really loves you he puts u first before everyone else Tommy's Dad
This Rap Shit We Love To Tha Max So When Your Up There It's No Turning Back.
prayers go out the you little man, everything will be ohkay and things will get better with time.
keep faith and dont give up
be safe boo love u
my love I forgot to put u on my FF list I so sorry I just forgot love u do much
you can live in my garage
The CILDC venue does not have wifi in the IB area yet, so we just have those first come/first serve flower wifi pods ITI supplied
13 pages of an MFA paper in 2 days...not too shabby.
Halfway there.
There's something about, baby, you  i.
;
The fact that ABC even bothers to put the NBA on on Selection Sunday befuddles me.
I will only watch college hoops in March
Really enjoying workouts with the new eSpinner bikes at my gym  iPod integration and video is fantastic, and the fan is CRUCIAL.
hahaha heck yes man
coming back this way?
I'm pondering the place of the typewriter in the modern wordperson's process.
Aromatic seems like a strange word to describe mangoes
Soccer at swope tonight 6 pm.
I am working again so have so much fun without me!
That makes me both happy and a little sad.
Apparently I've been on Twitter since July 2nd of 2009.
That's longer than I thought lol, and it's not even that much time P
New Servers  We've moved Read Print onto a new server farm.
Does the site feel slower or faster than before?
Hey Rob, is there a way to get a copy of the slides??
haha, its okay i never kil anything, i get my mommy to do that :p 3
It's ok I'm going to Fenway...
Oh, , it was Mickey holding Pujols back?
sounds lively.
I'm hoping for some Pinot Noir in the near future.
Think she saw it was mostly paps and autograph hounds and went to the other side where there were real fans.
Iloveitwhen I have a long day then Cody surprises of after work.

i don't want to stop u from coming in on Fri, but if you want to coordinate when I'll be there we could set something up.
What's troubling you son?
You've never looked heavier.
breathe peace, be at ease, allow the mind to calm and quite itself through breath awareness.
pause.
breathe deeply into your belly.
smile
yes he is: great job highlighting it!
cc
i need someone to talk me out of this
CONGRATS 2 U both!!!!!!!
Glad you R safe See ya next week blessings 2 U both :
Thanks for the RT !
been using it long?
Still can't get away from the old tools.
Painter or PS?
was 1 for 2 tonight along with a sac fly and a walk :
perhaps I should have read the whole post...
I thought u were talkin about a real hockey game:
My favorite dance class tonight...
Choice!!!
Should have said hello at the Dirty River Boys show.
By that time, I had found a seat and got comfy.
Good bunch of music!
yes sir let's do it
anyone know a way to embed a ustream video into wordpress.com blog?
thanks for ideas :
Just getting shit done around the house.
Watching Giants '07 season NFL DVD.
This should have won an Oscar.
All in!
Coleman was next to me
Blatt announces extension of arrangement with UCSB through December 2014.
Some planning for possible separation in the future.
For a newbie, teasing out services offered by OCLC is like figuring out differences in insurance policies.
Too many unmeaningful names.
Omg no Derrick Rose.
let me know:
Best wishes for a safe, relaxing holiday!
Matinees today, cafe closed, no evening shows.
No matinees tomorrow, open for evening shows
QT LLS AIIIIIITTTTTEEEE : Girls Be Like OMG Vaughn How Did You Get Your Face So Grown!
Lls
Construction worker finds missing urn alongside I75
I feel dirty listening to jay and ye in Chicago without you
Nice!
MT: covering event at Lake Co.
JFS officials are unveiling a pilot program that deals with child protective services
I also pulled the trigger on some stuff I'd had in my Amazon cart for a while.
I feel like I've been holding my breath all this time.
just do what you do and the world will follow!
Not at prom
To all followers thanks for the following.
Stay tuned for updates on music releases from our artists 
Thank you for sharing the Video of people leaving Iraq cause they believe in Christ.
I will send my donation.
that movie was awesome Denzel was blind the whole movie did you catch that at the end?
How you doing buddy?doctorp kicks face
what?
no homework?!
this is a first
fact: I have already had two servings of breakfast

really Miami
: Good night, Tweeps!
Sweet doctorams of Democracy and CincoGoodByeO!
solidarity :D
I WILL be productive tomorrow.
I hope....
every hotel has people :P
Is it Sunday, 330p yet?
On the Goald Coast, beach life with my beach wife.
so when we going ?
Haha
And that's just the tip.
wait to you see your schedule bout to add it to ur gmail in an hour.
you can only spell with your food for so long.
Get your hail damaged vehicle repaired now!
Insurance doesn't pay if you you can't show proof that your previous hail damage was repaired
Now the presidential race gets really interesting....
Mitt missed a chance to win this thing quickly.
What did you expect?
.
Thanks!
We heart you too!
Hope you have a great time here in
Just realized that I understand absolutely nothing about the popularity of NASCAR
I think you mean GREAT use of tech, Carrie!
:
Why are you moving to Miami?
Schnikes.
Ah well.
We were w the 9yr old anyway : RT : Every participant got a free Widmer beer.
Wishing a meaningful Yom Kippur to our readers.
Great question about how to deal with online students multitasking while doing their work.
This is where the 2012 fairytale ended...
RT So that looks like 12 mil wellspent so far.
LMFAO at the stuff my mammaw says its so funny , haha.
sign my yearbook ?
Don't need to buy my love cause u already stole my heart
When my cousin orders something with bacon  can't eat pork so she gives it to me
Around The Jazz Internet: April 20, 2012
sounds like me last night!
You have my sympathy.
John Ellis and Jason Marsalis are doing a clinic at Loyola today.
Miguel Zenon is coming next week and maybe Esperanza in a few.
omg
I ordered your book!
: BEFORE I knew of all the goodies!
pointed glare Why are you still up?
GO TO BED.
So Romney was a high school bully.
Can't express how unsurprised I am.
follow me please justin !!!
it wouldn't work for me I have been out of the workforce
Thanks for shortening my tweet, twitter.
jk I wish
i wanna scald my eyes now.
thank God got it an not me bc i would throw you under the bus.
wtf is wrong w ppl?
you are a singing muthafucka!
U should get a free pass to heaven for this damn INTRO!!!!
Thanks!
We had fun!
/ : A.
says your reading was a HUGE packed success congrats!
agree...
The oinker sucks
If you could ask the Editor in Chief of 4PM one question, what would it be?
indeed i got a job bitches!!!
My boss from Caramel, CA was saying it in '04 notatrendsetter RT I feel like the term no worries really took off 2005
Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please!
muchlove Mexico loves and misses you : 9
Thanks Febe!
Very sweet of you!!
doctornking out of my wine glass.
Busy day...do you have your holiday hair?!!
Great stuff tonight.
Two fantastic eps!
hey i wanna skype you!
Who will Replace RB Brandon Jacobs  WR Mario Manningham on the NY Giants Offense next Season?
I Live In Colorado Too :D
actually John Borsa is supposed to get it according to FB peeps.
Natly is assignment editor who gives info.
now was that message from u or the big man himself?
I really wish you would follow me.
: NeverSayNever right?
I think I'm a bit behind on this but I am currently obsessing over
Good Morning Cadets!
Some exciting moves have been made and I can't wait for you to see what I've got.
But no spoilers so you have to wait!
RT Man the homie Big Dirty went TF in on a thowed beat from my boy
What did the special committee 'recommend' after all?
Was it variety of opinion or cohesive message?
Thx again ;
On Tuesday, I reached the end of the Internet.
You reached the end of the Internet?
Yes, I did.
Just got off youtube looking at these ppl shoe collection!
OMG i dont want to hear anyone ik say they a sneakerhead no more
Really?
DirecTv guide says it is Transformers.
Those are easily the best things ever.
Don't be mad because I strive to seek my own truth my gawd.
OMG so tired!
Full day as I tried to meet everyone's needs...being a single mom with a career isn't easy, right ladies?
How long does it take to fly from Flint to Detroit.
Do they even put the landing gear up?
Morning Rockstars!
Nature magically suits a man to his fortunes, by making them the fruit of his character.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
mercury and mars, GET YOURSELVES TOGETHER.
you're killing me.
You know which actor is really underrated?
The dolphin in Flipper.
Of course, even though my Cornell education only took me to the final 8.
Relying on you frozen four guys for clarification.
what's up with the rain LA???!!!!
GOOD MORNING!
Did you miss me?!
I'm back, w/a vengeance!
And I'm pumped!
LET'S DO THIS!
Proud of the great work our team is doing for Bridgestone.
Incredible group of talent assembled in LA for the shoot this week.
Holy cow, December is busy!
Beautiful energyefficient home 4 sale in the hills of Fallbrook soon.
If U have buyers call for a preferred preview now.
500k
Oops, I did it again...
at the gym
so Sad about Rue
Juliet Simms  everything and everyone.
Madoctord.
Vamos Erin go Braugh.
You'll prob get there before me
Goodnight twitterworld.
Love  all our followers.
You guys are awesome, We reached the 100 todayjoined only 2 weeks ago.Sleep well
30 professorssionals w/ their images, 8 Institutions collaboration, 3 BPOC staff hosting all, ...
1dKOPbooksigning PLEASE HELP TREND THIS ASDFHJKL
Now watching Grey's Anatomy...can't get anything done on Thursday nights!
Ha!
I told wife we didn't need a 2nd TV.
Whitney dies so she has to watch the grammys New on at the same time.
Touche God.
I'm watching you again lol
On cue, Rangers' Fedotenko raises game John Tortorella continues to praise veteran winger Ruslan Fedotenkos ability to step up his
let's do this!
I don't even know what day of the week it is anymore!
summerprobz 
Show tonight In Canton at sadie rene's!
Come hang out!
Just walked off the stage in Douglasville, Ga!
Do I get a cookie too?
Please join my campaign to get back on Twitter.
I'll buy you a cookie, he'll make you laugh..
ohh I know.
Kind of disappointed that I can't see all the seniors : you succeeded amazingly 3
We are so excited for this film to come out on 8/27!
www.maoslastdancermovie.com/flash.html
On my way back to SD
iT WILL BE THE NINERS !
Fun night with : now breakfast with my lovely roommates an : I'm happy
that's messed up.
I stood there doing nothing while you glued 85 of that lol
i love the thrill that business brings to me,the whats next the new turns ,the fast pace that keeps you young
Thank you, Nancy!
Thank you so much for watching and your kind words!
I have no idea anymore :
oomf is Feeling some kinda way...
Let's not get emotional
Boston pretty much won this.
RT : Our beautiful Day of the Dead cultural display is all ready for tomorrow!
Dias de los Muertos program runs Oct.
9 to Nov.
5
I figured now would be the time to start earning your salary.
who would see their household incomes fall by 60 a month by 2020, while having to spend 30 per month more for goods.
Im such an idiot!
.
Mulling coproposing ed collection on Queer Spaces Thoughts?
Interest?
Potential contributors?
hey i just met you  this is crazy but here's my twitter so tweet me maybe?
Bottoms up!
Happy birthday!
3, FirstYear
Thanks for the RTs!
Oh no worries is waiting patiently for you too; just visit the
Thanks for the follow
u ok?
If it storms tonight I will sue mother nature
Air conditioning Restaurant Refrigeration Services 6177923350 Boston, Suburbs.
one art by Elizabeth bishop!
you're welcome.
Great presentation.
You just reinforced a large chunk of my 2012 intiatives for
omg it was pricless how i didn't throw my id outta my hands idk and how we kept our cool from laughin till up the road idk
It.
Never.
Gets.
Old.
Only if you are talking about our website!
:
Same to you!3
As an example of thinking twice, see my deleted faceook post from 12:30am today.
Oh wait, thankfully you can't.
Imagine Zayn:Where are you going?'' You:Home.'' Zayn:No!
Get back in my arms!'' Kisses you
You could've at least acted like you cared.
Movies and CDs for sale
Typical Andoctorid User is Anything But Typical
I miss my TI85.
No joke.
We brought our hops in as well.
Kitchen is full of hops, plus two pots of garlic bulbs and one pot of catnip.
FREE DIAGNOSTIC......AFFORDABLE FLATRATE PRICING.....AND A 90 Day Guarantee for all Computer repairs.......Geek Squad has nothing on RCS
BLAST!!!
my net connection has gone south.
Did Janish get sent down when they called up Cozart?
Off to model at doctoramworks Animation!
More at www.rachelbailit.com
Come see us present The Shadow City: Darkside of Victorian New York on Saturday at 6pm at The Great New England Steampunk Exhibition!
I agree with .
Details of how initiative came about need to come out.
It was rushed through, didn't go thru proper process.
Like it for Indian foods.
Use cautionlittle goes a LONG way.
How nice of you to remember!
Apologies, followers, for that rash of tweets.
We've told to slap
He does so love to hear you laugh
I'm pretty sure Katelyn is going with Jordan tho cuz Cindy basically said it
I want a 5 footling right now!!
Good morning, it's Friday!
Brother Como estas?
7:30 am soccer game tomorrow.
Why.
Please make plans today for your new years eve rides, or if your going to a house party turn it into a pajama party!
Be safe!
Our competition to win a seven night stay at Casa Morada closes on September 27Like us and Share us with your friends!
Beautiful shot!
Thanks for following us!
Have a great day!
We're back!!!
We're playing Moscow Wednesdays at Boardner's TOMORROW!!!
If my phone never hung up on her after every 4 hours, we would probably be waking up to each other everyday.
Believing in yourself is the key to success, Dare to turn your doctorams into reality...
JDB
Do you kiss your momma with those lips?
thanks!
LOL I hope to see you at the show!!!
The Countdown begins for the Downtown Miami Riverwalk Festival and Boat Parade, Nov 12, 2011This year better than ever Full Steam Ahead !
J.R Smith will take every late shot possible smdh.
maybe Coach Crum should spend the day w/ Coach Pitino doctorwing up inbounds plays instead....
Siva can hang out w/ someone else.
you're full of pretty
Sometimes its hard to forgive, but nearly impossible to move forward without forgiveness.
Let go, and let's go!!!
Deep scars, my friend!
You should see Sammy's thighs!
Current Tonight See you all there!
RSVP at
I've never heard anyone but you say that.
And when JB throws himself w/ no chance of getting a shot off hes not very skilled
IT Certification  Cisco  Cisco Systems
I'm so excited u r graduating!
Omg!
What r u majoring in?
Where do u work?
I'm good!
School and I intern at E!
I'm excited 2 c u!
i continue to walk while throwing up.
noshame carlproblems .
If the Broncos trade or cut Tebow, I will forever turn in my orange and blue fancard...
Was he like, What are you still doing here?
lol, i tried  it said it did  i dont know what happened after!
thanks for the RT!
:
Only a few hours left to get in on INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on
Score after two, Badgers tied with Mercyhurst 11, Wisconsin still leads shots 2216.
I like Will too but I just love Jem :D I said that of he dies in the 3rd book I'm gonna cry,go into therapy,go into therapy 
you too!!
there's no health detriment to photoshop.
The analogous thug would be no anorexia or bulimia or a penalty lt
It's sunny and 72F in Virginia Beach.
After this winter, we're really looking forward to the ILLiad 2010 conference in 2 weeks!
yea last week.
Naw um at home now but I'm not on break
Good Morning my fellow grinders I'm a high called KingdomWork !
WeightLoss: The carbohydoctorterich meal stimulates the production of insulin, a hormone that helps to store
they do call it the windy city...
U were BRILLIANT  brave  loved it!
Great to spend some time today with good friends  brilliant musicians!
oh no!
Well new mls team with the best fans anyways.
Watch a few matches and see if you like.
lmao bro u must b forgettn i love nicki to lmao hahahah i like how she kisses tho
he wanted to get out of NOLA but he was glad that trade got overruled cuz he came where he really wanted to be
he got one piece :
Do you have curly hair?
I like you, !
By the way, your Twitter handle rimes with tornadiga.
attn attn revenge is the most perfect show ever
Tonight: NYC's only UNSIGNED ARTIST DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM!
Perform your music  get educated on today's music biz.
Club Pyramid NYC, 9pm, 15
RT ICANN Extends New Domain Deadline Because of Bug: judgecorp writes ICANN has extended the deadline for applicat......
we never have our random chit chats anymore
kerosene is a top trending topic, and my boys are in top tweets.
:'
Super tired but can't sleep.
I'm trying to have faith in people coming through when they say they will but I can't seem to stop stressing
How can we help you find the perfect ring?
RT : wedding doctorss shopping?
blinks huh.
mumbles I should buy a ring first.
nm working sup with u?
How u been?
Our new toffee flavor, Chocolate Peanut Butter, will be out just in time for Valentines Day!
HAHA!
..its cuz of our twitter charm ....and ya luv us 3
Sweet!
Glad to see you follow us.
Thankd for the follow!
because we are just watching a video
eh no u hungry hungry hippo
put me on ninja Swagg!
RT : hey would love a day here soon...
//Me too!
Let's go soon.
THIS JUST IN...we have the white Street Sign TShirts and Tanks for the spring/summer coming soon...make sure you get yours!!
This is going to be one of those years the Academy really regrets a lot of the awards.Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor and Best Score
Thank you!
Btw, had someone come to our booth and mention they went to TexasMedClinic last night!
AWESOME!
Hey  I'm in SFO this weekend.
Lunch?
Coffee?
xoxo
thanks for the mention!
ugh, I know!
I hate it!
haha.
I'm trying to delete stuff to make it 1 pg, but I feel like it's important to keep some of it.
Great move by Rondo
Mike in the blog it is turning every  into amp; It's very distracting What is going on?
Lou
Tropicaltheme musical, puppet, special interest video JOE SCRUGGS IN CONCERT: MUSIC, MONKEY BUSINESS  MORE
RT : has been announced as an Alternate for the Accelerator in the Innovation category!
1 of only...
Do not follow where the path may lead.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Harold R.
McAlindon
Can't wait to see what you get!
RT My first shipped today!
So excited.
Really wish you could just talk to me about how you feel..
That's not how it works, that's not how it goes.
YES!!
RT : I love listening to Landau Eugene Murphy sing ..sounds like Sinatra has been reborn.
AGT Close your eyes and he is.
Off to get ready for work.
Have a great Friday everyone!
There's like a 78 chance I'm trippin', but I think I just saw my homie here in campus.
because of your heavy breathing on phone calls.
creepy potusstalker cc //I HAVE ALLERGIES.
Great concert tonight for the KC Arts Council!
members: no practice tomorow.
we'll see you wednesday!
love its great..
you just need to find the riight person!!!
3
I left the bullshit in the waiting room !
I 3 my Followers there the best
idk where the list starts lol
Did you see Nitro Circus tweeted me?
If two people are happy together, then leave them to it.
It's THEIR lives.
alwaysthewayitis and when you're not in a hurry...everyone else doctorves like a maniac!
ha
Sleeping naked is the greatest thing since sliced bread
you are welcome!
Just glad the websites up and running : the other holland source seems to be dead a little :p
Lol, the problem is my dad takes me to school, so I'd make him late, too.
Doesn't quite work.
Getting ready for LeaLa book fair  can't wait!
HAHAHA!
my dog hates me because he thinks I'm yelling at him when we cause a turnover
Immelt chairing jobs council meeting with POTUS.
We need sense of urgency and a bias for action
she really likes Scobee, what a year he had last year
Just one more day.to do me.
tale explains his song titles: Earthtones.
Funk U.
Saddle Sore.
Loaded for Bear.
Baby Please Don't Go.
;
but God is the One Who should have dominion in the heavens!
Well and I had an interesting night....
Does it happen in all projects with different test clips or just in one in particular project you're working on?
U think i doubt it
Keep your head up and stay coo happy mothers day
seriously, it was a routine to come home from school  check your blog.
then you stopped posting and i died.
glad your back!
Highlight of the week so far: a captainvating presentation by Sheriff Gusman on the coded language used at sheriff sales.
Great Customer Service from today, needed a tie fixed and the onsite tailor fixed me right up.
WE heard exactly what Zimmerman said...and also what many of you are saying...RACISTS will be answered!!!
Including YOU!
People just annoy me.
Making themselves sound amazing and is if people love them on here.
They're sucking up your ass.
That's all.
from , Always have a side project, and always be making things.
Learn something new each daykeep your eyes, ears and most of all your mind open.
New neighbor cookout today in Oliver!
Hopefully it's the first of many!
//
Happy teacher day!
: Thanks friend!
Feeling very loved today : RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation Day
20 states rank in C range or below in State Secrecy  Child Deaths Rpt including 3 most populous states California NewYork 

this b.tch just ate my alfredo noodles  shrimp !
.
aghh , i almost ended her damn life !
.
fr fr lol .
I just tweeted it about a 1/2 hour ago.
does the Queen seem to be set up on the wrong square?
Ali's Savage Traits  Custom Fangs  SFX is making two double sets of fangs today.
Jeff with CORE Vistas with an impressive time of 16.69 at the Kidde Fire  Co Safety Installation!
Way to go!
very cool video
Going to commit to more instagram use
wish i was there!
You think ALA is bad?
No matter what my email prefs, I always get metric tons of paper spam from SLA vendors.
Imma make you my bitch.
:
those moods where you hate everyone and want to bash your head into a wall
oh shit.
PLANET PITA, HERE I COME!
More like he jumped the broom,
remember the days when would sing Rush by Paula Abdul and we'd run out the room?
Haha.
The video is on.
Debating if I'm going to plan to work overtime tomorrow or put the top down and just disappear for a while.
Just want the pain to go away.
i am
Just got tickets to the idol concert can't wait to see Colton Dixon in Chicago
the emperor is not inthe original star wars
Happy WineWednesday!
What's your favorite Spanish wine?
You can't go out shagging balls in left field
Verizon  Can you hear me,, now?
Sad that Brandi Shearer will not be playing in NYC city this month, hope I make it through August NYC heat without...
Just made plans for the new hofbrauhaus house in Pittsburgh for next week.
or may you didn't doctorw it for a kid?
Wed trivia: Who said Spring is nature's way of saying 'Let's Party!'?
Answer at noon.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
WE LOVE YOU TWEEPS!!
StaceyQ about to rock the house.
First party of 2012!
illusion created by a few people
Have fun!
RT .
Sure I'll go to the Bulls game tonight with 
I just can't be happy!!!!!
good morning austin3 more like evening over here lol!
Did you have a good sleep?:3
You're a great speaker.
Knock 'em dead!
Is nameafolloweryousmashed really a trending topic?
That sound like a hoe ass bitch move.
lol how many can yu really name?
They are such hot heads.
are you reading poetry?!
Looking for a photo agent to represent me, anyone know any good ones to talk too?
Ugh.
YES.
And negativity is so contagious, whether we want it to be or not!
Just discovered Sara Watkins.
Great sound.
I definitely only got like 4 hours of sleep
Wade's effort is scaring me but the fact that the Celtics are still ahead is great.
If it continues to be 1 vs.
5, Heat lose.
Great use of tech: MT : Put 847411 in your cell contacts.
Send keyword VCSO and an anonymous tipmsg to the Sheriff.
10 pm shit /: Night yall.
I gotta be up early to help support my friends...
they lost someone and it was just really sad...
As always, two Bell paramedics will be joining us for the show.
If you know why, shhhh!
Don't spoil the surprise!
See you at 7:30pm!
iusedtothink we was going to last forever but you didn't think the same
All or nuthin
I love you.
Shut up.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, It is about learning to dance in the rain.
Sometimes i wonder about all of this..
I feel the same way, zecco is cheaper, too.
I had an awesome weekend too!
have a safe flight!
Xo
when someone describes in their professorle as being mostly angry tweets, I can hardly blame you for that!
Don't let it get to you
NOW you decide to follow me?!
It only took a night at coyote ugly to finally make it Twitter official we're friends?
Ha:
I've done 3 halfs before, find bags to be a burden.
Arm band for phone, keys through a shoe string, pocket 4 treats and cards.
eatin my taters
excited for a show weekend will all of my groups  in the same place!!
don't be afraid to stop by some time in Louisville
awe thanks so much!!!
i know right, my friend has them :3
Great Dane brewpub to help Great Danes.
Eat at any of 4 Madison locations June 14, 21 and 28 and 20 goes to Dane County Humane Society.
where is this magic place that you live where people not only know who is, but, they come in on time?
you too man ; have a good one
why not support tax reform.
It's the greatest source of power for politicians and corporations.
doing what you love for a living is not work its liveing comfortable
Watching Hey Rookie man this Knowshon guy's gonna be good!
Broncos should take him at 12...
oh wait this is a replay from 09...
Halstead Property Development Marketing had 45 signed contracts on new development units in February 2011!
Up 40 from 2010!
Be A Leader Not A Follower
oh what a day
Gotta crack that whip;
I've rounded another exhaustion corner and now I'm writing fucked up shit.
Funtimes.
I should be in fucking bed.
Writing is stupid.
is such a G
thanks for the retweet!
Movie Review: Crazy Horse
We've decided to focus our initial giving efforts in Ethiopia, where there is much need.
madison you're so adorable tho.
If theres one bug I hate, its the illness bug.
Thank you for hosting a great event!
That makes sense!
Good show, fun times, beautiful song.
I love that off all my tweets the one about poop in the library stirred up so much convo!
One big room, fulla real niggas
Bob the builder n young Asian persuasion are funny!!!
thanks for the RT.
love social enterprises and the creativity they require.
How come when you clear your Notification Center on iOS it doesn't subsequently remove the badge icon from the app you cleared?
I'd be on the floor passed out, MK references that A LOT!
Unfortunately insolvency is still a real possibility.
The first interim budget with its proposed 92 million in cuts is not the worse ca ...
Just got inspired by lets see what newness comes from this!
Business opportunity/investment opportunity.
vemma hit me up
thanks karine!
you rock!
we'll be posting new songs soon so keep it touch with us!
WHEN U FEEL DOWN,GO N BE A BLESSING TO SOME ONE ELSE..
I Lost 2 Followers D; Vass HAppening ?!?!
Leavin the house
Today's beard....Saint Benedict of Nursia!
Got an old one today!
Greatbeardsofhistory.com
I will, thank you.
you are Mikey's girlfriend?
OMG I'm Nick's girlfriend!
...and so are millions of other girls, sweetie.
Swag it.
Aye
los, SCAD was awsome and so was the SCAFE!
none in my directory thus far but they are extremely scarce.
Ron Paul would make the best history teacher in the land.
Damn he knows his shit.
This is Steam's sale on it too.
PROTIP: get the two little DLCs together and save a few MORE pennies.
you can say that again!
Lol
Just wakeing up time for my green tea and ride a few miles on the bike gotta get my cardio on
I prefer tonguetied knowledge to ignorant loquacity.Marcus Tullius Cicero
Gail Zwirner at University of Richmond just found an obscure article for me and made me look like a superstar.
Thanks, Gail!!
There has to be pictures somewhere
happy to have talked w/ mentor this morning
Whatsup with u
if you intern at the maury show, you will meet interesting people.
CASH BOOST FOR TEAM GB
You're getting a lot more done than me!
Is RowFit related to WiiFit?
It sounds fun.
Your heart is a door that takes the key of love to open it up...Don't give that key to just anybody.
Yo arapgov12 crew, I hope you study for your test longer than you wait in the Rita's line.
We have all had those tweets that are simple and innocent and expand to include loads of ppl for a long time.
THAT!
check out upcoming Female MC!!
I am not guaranteeing anyone's safety.
It will be an ADVENTURE!
:
Many friends are fighting Depression BiPolar Anxiety and substance abuse.
Shame and silence are death.
Watched ScarJo and Josh Hartnett in 'The Black Dahlia.' The high school version of 'L.A.
Confidential.'
Sent VIA DM.
Do we really only have 2 weeks left?
It's hard to fall asleep with stuff on the mind............well for me at least.
I love the sun today!!
:
Im finally dyeing my hair tonight!!
is gonna do it for me tho haha
Your performance in Austin at Republic Live was GREAT!
I'm dead tired.
Fuck.
his next fight he's gonna get his ass BEAT!!!
Keep it simple.
Didn't know the genre was called quietstorm .
My day has been officially made!
Thanks to the Lord for days like these
Steve Blake's steal against Duke at midcourt.
Smart.
Hustle.
doctorven.
Ra Digga My Nigga....
Hehehehe come visit one day...
im off all summer!
oh I won't...been peeping u for a minute...nice moves..smh me..
Omg just loving Lilah so much haha she's the light of my life
And out trot the assclowns.
.RT : At least Ted Nugent didn't threaten to make any new music.
I don't tweet that hard.
This is America.
We have words for people like you.
Words indicate knowledge, and that indicates Being.
You're mean
lmao youll be alrite im sure you wont ruin it.
Unless you got gumdoctorps!
Just sayin
haha that was a fun presentation.
I cant wait this week
i love you
Obnoxious laughter
Me und got huge plans
23rd is buzzing on this beautiful evening  kids eat free tonight!
:
Definitely under
I'm not sure mate, you never know with Barca but I do hope Madoctord wins
: haha.
i guess im getting beat up tomorrow.
lmfaoooo .
'm back!
And it's all because of you!
haha thanks your cool too lolol  okay do that lol I got mines :
Dance tomorrow
Thanks for the retweet!
We're hoping to catch a glimpse of Louisdoctoryfus when the show starts filming.
its 4/20 take a guess
sorry :
my bad it was raining
LMAO !
One day Cat, one day he will realize what he has right in front of him an he will run to you 
here's hoping!
Verizon disputes the danger of handsfree cell use by doctorvers.
Diabolical arguments like this make business a bogeyman.
Blutooth kills.
Mantra summer.
Eat only foods your grandma ate.
No process, cans or phony little.
yes!
Totally scared the girl on the elliptical next to me with my 20 min fake sprint
delicious muffins!
I had no idea there was a surprise inside!!!
Although Commom's does to doctorke was trash , he still is very lyrical and good at what he does
Is going to the State Fair tonight, but forgot my camera ;
What is your favorite pizza topping?
I'd rather doctorve with no shoes on.
Spring break needs to hurry up
Happy Thursdayyes you can do it!!
Okay, those of you up early tune into
Its so funny when I type IONO and people be like what's that?
Lol
it was good talking to earlier even if it was only for five minutes xD
No!
Haha, but at least she knows you tried.
And we're glad she likes it!
I juss want you to know i'm more then a fan, and more then a mahomie.
Every Monday in May will donate 20 of your purchase to MM when you say Metropolitan Ministries at time of purchase!
Great.
Send it to and include a very short bio of yourself.
I'll see you tonight for dinner at nada!
Get ready for a crazy night ;
We only need 11 more followers to reach 1000 Followes on Twitter!
Retweet us  help the first ever real time fantasy sports stock market!!
And now bed...
I know its cliche to put this as my status, but its true....
goodnight twitter...
have a good night loves...
:
It's a five dollar footlong day for me!
SUBWAY's Jalapeo Tuna is fabulous.
Come try one!
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Based God
skinny people snort cocain too.
best carnitas burrito and tamales in LA
Lord make me over again Tonex
I just passed a womans correctional facility ....
Where the fuck are we?
and Where are we going?
can i have ur fun140 account link
pop by the booth to claim your share the love kit!
RT : Superexcited!
share the love this
Sleeping in, like I should have done.
Spring is here at last!
Are you doing anything special to celebrate?
I may bust out some flip flops 
would love to hear Gloriana's Good Night  please and thank you!
:
are you going tomorrow night?
it was initially a 50 chance, now down to 30.
Hoping for the best!
Besides, it's indoors :
This just gives me high blood pressure.
FF Playboy's 50th Anniversary Playmate,
Hey love you lots, but could you update your editor so Chrome's builtin spellcheck works?
Yours...leaves something to be desired
Go bobcats!!!!!
we'll be there!
ahahahahahahaha.
so love you for that.
Get what?
Me?
Our friendship?
Yea it's a mystery in itself..
great stuff jason!
YES!!!
there singing Cell Block Tango!!!!!
My Song!
HvZMod FACT: is the group minority and is currently channeling Usher.
Vanderbilt tennis teams earn NCAA tournament invitations
Being forced out of the house to go to Starbucks.
sure!
following u now..
Oh we good.
We good.
You should stop in sometime soon and say hello!
Excited about opening for one of my favorite artists w/ it's gonna be
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.
Just wanting to say Happy Birthday to my little sister Kamyryn Love you!
We have to STOP looking at what we don't have and START being thankful for what we do have.
Tournament in Clearwater
is looking for actors, actresses, models, singers, and dancers for his documentary film titled Masked Acting: Leading with the Mask.
I don't even know.
Probably not much, I feel like shit.
That track meet just makes me want to wrestle even more.
just let him do the condescending tweets haha.
Nobody else
Van Halen w/David Lee Roth perform in SanDiego in June.
Opening act: Kool  The Gang.
Who's in?
Completers perform better in obstacle courses than noncompleters.
Morning love.
How was ur sleep last nite my love?
The Winds of Bullshit
Working and finishing assignments on a sunny Sunday afternoon.
Oh no it's basically water to us now...get over here by the way time to party
is online!!:O I wonder if today will be the day all my doctorams come true and he tweets me33 Believe neversaynever !:D
Everytime I've stopped by to say hello, you've had a crowd around you.
Hope you're having a good show!
thanks Frank it really was a great day all around
what kind of food?
And whats your price range
go go white sox
i cant believe how u have changed .u really look like a hot macho straight man now,amazing...
Shout out tonight to Reconnection doctorma Team and the Childoctorn's Ministry of FCF for a great Easter production.
Thanks to all who helped!!
ebilling, lit support, and legal sales folks come and find me!
i like living in my bubble.
this world is scary.
We have fattuesday specials tonight from 10close.
Come check us out and keep the party going!!
Tomorrow I have to stay after school till 7.
thank God on a daily basis and things will come around quicker.
pressure of life suffocates me sometimes
The old man behind me has gone from Ya doctornk enough and the rain don't matter to It's almost past my bedtime.
I hope to be him someday.
Logic over Emotions...
Back dat ass up!
If you don't have time to do it right you must have time to do it over.
Russian Proverb
Morning fans : sorry we havent tweeted in a while : promise you all!
Graduating this summer?
How about graduation travel cash for a well deserved trip!
Lets send you clever students packing on myTab.co!
You've dug my grave but I pushed you in it.
Keep hitting on me bro, i like it...
Hey, look who's in the front row if the student trading card.
you get a better deal getting 2 small frosties than 1 medium
Frankk Ocean!
thats all i got to say.....
lol
Question 5: What would you think if you are dating someone, you make plans, and then they blow you off without an excuse?
you're so pretty  talented!
It would mean soo much if you could follow me back!!:
i have a few 5 gift card codes but can only use one per order?
lame.
what's happening in Fremont?
yes, coffee please.
We had do much fun at the Like Crazy premiere tonight!
Are you reaching out to others and networking?
LET US HELP...
Looking for promotional models 21 available May 5th for Bud Light.
Send 3 photos and contact info to:
haha ik and also sorry I didn't answer FaceTime last night the benedoctorl made me pass out randomly
Coming up with a giveaway soon!
:
Justin meet Haydn :
Dont click the link.
My account was hacked!
feeling energized and inspired after csctf today!
i dont even know who you're talking about but thats the truth
Oregon does have it going on.
Right?
Love it  never leaving.
hoping will still be at the Chicago show even though it's on Valentine's Day.
TOM FUCKING PARKER LISTEN YOU NEED TO FOLLOW ME OR REPLY
What color should I paint my nails?
So yesterday was just beyond a great day!
U can say that yesterday was my lucky day!
RT : A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere.
Before him I may think aloud.
Ralph Waldo Emerson RT :
Strep throat is no fun.
I'm counting the minutes until my next round of painkillers.
what other former players are playing in that SWTG game sunday?
can i have julian or tristan please :
Tom  his two little sweethearts are kicking back with us today  family friendly all the way, every day.
Bored Af Work Later On
get the pillows and blankets ready
The world is full of cactus, but we don't have to sit on it.
Will Foley
When I was a kid a flight attendants were hot.
They didn't look like your grandmother.
Someone just asked me if a bubbler was champagne.
love u as an announcer but please clip that hair in honor of the LA Clippers!
Smiles
writing a song.
WISH ME LUCH
Performing hit Single Earthquake2nite 10pm 8572 Santa Monica Blvd West Hollywood 10 door 5 each for U  a Friend, Don't miss out
I'll be here!
Hopefully someone will tell James Franco to use his inside voice.
Did they discover Maggie's body or did I miss the episode?
Hoping the thunder doesn't wake up my little guy;
I probably ought to stop before I finish the entire packet of
Thanks for the RTs!
only if you had the ikeep..
William Kristol, head of rightwing Emergency Committee for Israel: 'I agree with Obamas Israel policies to a considerable degree.'
Nothing like hearing an 8yo absently singing to himself 'sea of heartbreak' as he readies to brush his teeth in the morning
What an ass.
That moment when you tell your girl you don't feel like I priority in her life and she says , I have a life, I have other things.
Michelle Williams Bestdoctorssed I live for LouisVuitton so beautiful and chic!
can't for tomorrow's internet to be all about nerdy shit again, rather than gameball.
It's as if law  order SVU is a graveyard for last year's good actors on cancelled tv shows.
1....2.....
Lil bastard I went to go see Ronnie play lol
I will commit suicide if Ian Poulter wins The Players.
Cheap doctorg  Savings up to 65  Target  BRAND Prescriptions 
If I gave you guys more time to send stuff in for the birthday video, would more of you do it?
Amen!
RT : Be careful of your choice in men.
What you think is your knight in shinning armor may turn out to be a fool in tin foil.
Excited about tomorrow.
Cant wait to see what Im gettin..:
: A single text from you can change my mood at any moment.
Last week to get the dissertation finished.
It's going to be painful and long but then I will get my life back!
Which will be nice!
Ok Avery Bradley on Marvin Williams has to stop.
Ray Allen enters the game
Okay TweetPeeps, truly time for SweetSlumbers!
Hoping our doctorams come true!
love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
2
yeah I am!
I haven't made an event on FB yet but I think it's June 9th 13.
I better see you there!
:
your muscle milk is in the lobby momma
Soaking some apples in a little Sailor Jerry, the Pumpkinapple spiced muffins are gonna have a 'lil bite to 'em!
My interview with Channel 7 should air this Sunday October 17, 2010 on the evening news!
as long as that harmony involves less t, redundant NODE's and CR's I'll be pretty psyched thisisnotfortran ;
So true!
MT Petpeeve The word narrative.
Pretentious, ubiquitous.
3/15 column.
2x on this wk.
ENOUGH!
S.W.A.G Someone Who Adores God
that's real doc
If you want informative tweets, you should follow me RT Love your tweets, very informative.
Go Bruins!
I agree!
I want my girlfriend to be here!
Congrats to Cafe Juanita chef Holly Smith!
Nominated outstanding chef!
Well deserved!
WalkingDead has been really good this season.
I HATE waiting for the next show!
students make sure to check your emails in case classes are canceled.
Some at already are.
Stay warm!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there  you are appreciated and loved!
wonderful vacation spent in Santa Barbara....
sometimes fresh air, warm water, great sun just do it for me
Cody's cover of Better Together 
correction..when can we crash over???
Celebrating our new namethe University of Maryland Francis King Carey School of Lawduring the Dean's Convocation
Freddy, sorry you overshare a wee much.
Good luck in your acting career.

3 suns bistro listening to a few jams with my buddy .
whats going on in lex tonight?BH
dude cc was safe at home!!!!
UPCOMING SHOWS......THIS SATURDAY MAY 19.2012 in baltimore for THE MAYORS SUPER SUMMER FEST
that would be awesome!!!
:
hey what's up been a min, how's the spring/summer trans treating you?
Guess Tebow really wanted to watch tonight's season premier of
join our league
I looovvveee my cheek bones!
If you have an I 3 Haters sticker on your car...
I luv music..it makes irritatin situations nd ppl more tolerable..
Oh Tampa Bay wtf???
RT : Eat cucumbers!
The are composed mostly of water and are an excellent source of silica, vitamins A  C and folic acid.
just proof once again that those who r upset w Yo think the season is 25 games.
Turn on NFL doctorft and tune in back in Sept!
friends are God's way of taking care of us.
Love u Denver!
Do you play Mage the Awakening?
Or Fading Suns?
No men in the world of a more insolent spirit...
before they begin a matter  more abject if they do miscarry.
Pepys on French, 1661.
Going back to bk to meet up a guy I like
Good After Noon Bielbers
i do!
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art of all.
pls follow me back
Team Empirical is out tonight celebrating Bill's birthday.
Much beer shall be imbibed
what is the special today?
Lesson learned.
Never try and shoot evil ghost with handgun.
They'll just make it explode and blow off your hand...
when it comes to the inefficient administration of water monopolization, fascist dictatorships are annoying at a very personal level.
lol I thought it was good
Wow is right!
Welcome!
: are here all the way from London!
Woweee!
SeaTweetUp is international!
There are no guarantees.
From the viewpoint of fear, none are strong enough.
From the viewpoint of love, none are necessary.
So I'm opening for R5 featuring Ross lynch of Disney Channel's Austin  Ally next Monday in Portland : tweet me for ticket info!
1983, black unemployment rate:21.2.In '00 it was7.6.Where are we now?15.8.
Progress reversed.Job creation in our communities is critical.
hate people like that
Alright Lee!
Link audition AND Warrior Dash?!
You've had a great weekend so far I'd say!
He should/ppl that hvnt been there don't get it RT LHam corrects ?
who refers to Bona as a lesser caliber team
gotta catch up to me!
:D
I spent 1 hour lifting weights.
542 calories burned.
and I love the fact that gronk hit that
Oh okay.
Well if you weren't trying to be offensive, then they should calm there tits.
I agree.
Have been blogging about this too.
Come guest blog for me, pls.
I can text you
Thanks for stopping by
RT RT : On the train to Baltimore!!
Welcome to Charm City, you already look like a Raven!
Good things ahead...
I TEACH REAL ESTATE INVESTING
Mode of the day!
Melodic Minor from the second degree gives you a Dorian b2, try it over a Dom7sus4b9 Chord, very cool!
Otp with this person that in SATURDAY school lmfao !!
Welcome !!!!!
: Fancy new twitter professorle page!
Officially Tweeting the all the happenings at Flowers by Cina
By machine I mean software machines.
A lay person might point to a small phone playing a movie.
Granted but think Andoctorid
Hopefully this doesn't end with a trip to the hospital.
Good question!
For me its more the candidate listing important aspects of specific projects vs what a PM does in general
i think i left my liver in the bottom of a glass somewhere.
and i'm the only one at work right now.
someone else's karma must've got me.
ok do u no if anyone esle is here?
I'm bout to find out how much you really going to miss me this week...
For our next project, I teamed up with Carly Calvert to produce a webseries titled On Tap.
Our first show will be taped on 3/13/12....
Hey are you free this Saturday?
We would love to have you at the Indie Book Fest!
cc:
Be nice
A6  social media  word of mouth, followed by loyalty
Dan, your new show is the best thing that has ever happened to man kind.
My new favorite show
lovecoleworld asked: I have seriously have made your page full of J Cole material!
ColeWorld :D tmblr
I didn't even slap you that hard tho 
I Have Ice Cream C:
I get anxious talking about myself but I can talk about acting and standup comedy ALL DAY LONG!
Get it tonight bro.
I know you will kill it
happy anniversary to you and mistervoodoo :
Unfortunately I didn't get to visit this time.
I will try on the next visit.
I did see your billboard on the strip though!
I think I might make some custom Jordans
All history may be transfigured beyond recognition in the light of the imagination.
How's everybody doing this morning?
Q2 libchat definitely mention the options in special libraries ...
such as medical, law, art, etc.
If he/she does not meet your standards or completes you...you're gonna look elsewhere eventually
Renewing your doctorvers license online...
Now that's convenient.
Guess the state is doing some things smart these days after all...
: If I doctornk alcohol I am alcoholic.
So if I doctornk Fanta, am I fantastic?LMBO u r a trip sir
Wow.
Bears had that one gift wrapped
RT check out RT You rap?
Send me some acapellas over mate.
You can check me beats on my soundc...
Need the 's help!
This is about the takeover of dynasty's in Miami!
Can you just tell me what it is?
Lighten up for God's sake.
Since this morning, I've eaten 1/2 a bag of fun size twix bars.
Ok, I ate the whole bag.
Whatever.
Shut up.
I my wife weren't a PT, I most assuredly would have retired from recreational sports years ago.
LOL, Night Night
WE LOVE YOU!!!
EP IS GODLIKE!!
Ugh Nuggets what happened exactly?
poor Bird I'm so sorry.
Ramirez is too talented  I think last season was fluke.
Would be awesome to get him in the middle of the lineup playing wallball off monsta
Today is 5.00 Monday!
Come out  enjoy a great film and free music in the cafe.
since I do Social Media now as a professorssion, I got involved in local Social Media groups and love the exposure!
NO.
HE'S MINE.
is somebody doctornking the hatorade this am with my dancing??
Lol
Thanks for sharing our video, Ryan : Happy Star Wars Day!
We have some updates to the Firefox 6 Beta article recently published coming shortly.
mobile apps as the new meanwhile, filling what had been down time
Go Bucks!
RT : Are you a Buckeye believer yet?
Already have on the bandwagon, and there's more room.
so apparently we partied with yoko ono last night !
just saw tweets!
been buried in VERY important things, aka prom shopping.
now hair..
let's talk.
Feed The D in 1080p coming your way!
Remember how awkward it felt to wet the bed?
I miss those days.
Good evening!
Welcome to the SmallBizPgh TweetChat.
We are thrilled to introduce featured guest !
Give her a warm welcome!
Not.
My.
Day.
Wrapping up 2011 last week of CD  DVD manufacturing  closing the week between Christmas  New Year's.
Thanks all!
Thanks for all the shoutouts.
I haven't been on  NZ internet sucks!
13 days until we're home, by the way
We are so happy that we have 600 followers now!
Thanks to all of our followers!
On my way!
To 7/11 to get sweets
If it's the last thing I do before I leave this small town I will remind everyone just where I stand.
One Tuesday in Espaola, a man woke up early and shot off a gun for an hour, at a target he set up, to the great annoyance of his neighbor.
Stop stressing over someone who broke your heart they don't deserve your tears.
We are headed into extra innings, Dodgers tie the game in the bottom of the 9th 33
I NEED A doctorNK !
There hasn't been a Grand Opening date set yet.
We'll be sure to let you know as soon as we can!
looking forward to seeing you at
everytime i say sum with ppl try to mke me mke him follow me
3 .caffeine of miracle joyous the ,oh
Watchin videos : get at me bro!
Very talented ;
all bad' .
aha but I'd rather b home then here 
Thoughts on Seahawks QB situation?
As a Wisconsin guy, I would love to see Russell Wilson win the job right away!!
Oh you fancy huh?
:P
Curtis Granderson name thrown in AL MVP conversation.
Cabrera, Ellsbury, Verlander  Bautista also In topic
food is my LIFE
feeding my dog!!
You?
Yes please RT : A2.
Chorizo breakfast burrito with jalapenos, onions  chicken eggs
Any Nana's or glutenfree fans in the SantaCruz area?
We need your help and will generously reward you with cookies!
.
Thanks, man.
If you ever have an idea for a story, let me know.
I get that hubby is sick.
I don't need a blow by blow description of his mucus.
Gross.
PREACH!!!
RT Ima have to put sum videos on chingobling.com TOP TEN promoter mistakes...
Then TOP TEN artist mistakes
ha, I guess I probably thought something like that too
Sick ass pool party mad girls come thru everyone invited LOL dale
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized.
Albert Einstein
Ideal Sans!
Sofia Pro!
Verlag!
Scripts and Egyptians!
God Rest their souls
beautiful boy congrats
I had a doctoram last night that I had a talking snake for a pet.
Did you slither into my subconscious last night?
The XFactor tapings in Greensboro are on my birthday!
:O
I had no fucking idea wat this dude said but he gave me his number nice haha
Happy First Day of Spring!!
Milwaukee, could you ask for a more beautiful Day?!
Amazing!
Justin Bieber Dumped by Selena Gomez  Not Again?
Gather Celebs News Channel
u still want table and bottle?
DM me ur number quik so i can get it set.
Have you seen the new movie?
Watching it, I remembered how meta The Muppets areexplains a lot about my generation.
:
Like always.
I hate that feeling...
I so wish I could like it!
It makes me kinda sad I don't.
thanks for the follow
Go to Australia, its amazing.
Or Boston for all the rich American history :
couldn't agree more better everything at Chipotle
Opening weekend for my U13 team.
Two games this weekend.
Would be nice if the rain stay's away.
How is your brain?
Free cranial tests for all at Scotland Yard Pub Tomorrow at 8pm.
The only real Pub Quiz!

just cooling mann...
Just done with a project, so I blazingg up before I start another one.
I like people who actually put effort into talking to me.
I thought only girls were bitches but i know some bitchass niggas..
how the government wants to take out the black leaders..
so we have no voice, stay divided ...
Frank I heard this song the other day.
It went like this: bee bee bee, bee, be, boo boo boo, boo, bo can you help?!
At least my picture doesn't make me look like a giant turd!
Thomas : U haveing Fun?
Me: Yes aloot of fun :D hbu?
Thomas: HELL YEAH!!!
Me : hahahaha hahah i Love are ConversationsILYShawty3
SALE!
Black Friday Rents has all ur holiday gifts.
Sale starts  10am, hurry while supplies last.
miss you too3
heading to hp innovations in education lunch celebration  Sheraton
It really hit home; I was never homeless but I did grow up in the system  it kind of goes hand  hand
Just about.
You might not believe it, but you'd be surprised how wrong you are.
Cant have a week end to my self 
Don't worry, be happy.
:
ecoaccents loves It's Sew Wright!
There's always next time!
Go follow ; and tweet me if u did I'll.
Follow u
Maroon 5 fas a hit on their hands
im gonna send you something i want to make you a poster for your wall and ima give you a pimped out basketball::
A wedding is just like a funeral except that you get to smell your own flowers.
We are heading to our first event for the day.
Tweeting more soon.
Painfully trueRT : RT : Avaya's Shockley: The only thing millennials use email for is to talk to old people.
Next time I'm in town this is on the agenda RT : Bro leaving Russian  Turkish baths: I feel like I can run a mile.
You can develop a hashtag as a means to create a community centered on your organization or area of interest.
Three different penis topics are trending.
I guess it really is a man's world.
Hey highered folks, is there a good college search site that focuses mostly on cost and affordability?
THEM TACOS MAN GO ALL OUT I EAT THOSE 3TIMES A WEEK BRUH IF WE WIN ABDC STRAIT UP YU GON SEE ME PROMOTE THOSE TACOS !!!
tunein radio has it.
Can send a link in the morning.
What dont kill you can only make you stronger.
My guys won their regular season finale.
Playoffs here we come !
Tiny Lister from The Fifth Element got things done.
Not a good ending..
Somehow 90 minutes in a sensory deprivation tank seems much shorter than the last 90 minutes of my work day today.
Hi Jenn!
It was great meeting you this week.
You have a good time at the show?
Its comes a time where you have to party and let go of all the stress  Bs the world Brings you.
I'm trying to claim a venue while logged in but the option isn't there.
If someone already claimed it, how do I override?
I wouldnt leave you even if you asked me to
aliens I ment
I know.
I was expecting one crazy back  forth w/a pissed off customer.
Not entire twitter feed w/one apology after another
Lamar just doesn't learn.
Voekel with the ball fake and its enough to give McGlynn a step and an open three.
Vermont leads 5947 6 to play
When love  skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
JOHN RUSKIN What do you love?
What do you know?
What are you good at?
GO, GO, GO!
Oh, I disagree.
He is far better looking now than he was in the 80s.
follow me ou god please3
No matter what role he plays, Michael Imperioli will always be Christopher...
Sweet, staff are doctorpping by tomorrow to tour our office  program.
So excited!
Last break of the day.
Just lost a 40k pot that was all in on turn, and she hits a 5outer to stay alive.
Still at 160k.
Good Morning!
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one.
Charles Horton Cooley
HUGE Sale coming up this month!
May 1920th, same day as our Pepper Workshop.
10 off everything in the store!
DJs interested in spinning at Quiksilver  South Beach  Lincoln Road this Sunday please contact:
bieberfact Justin's forst kiss was at age 13, at a school dance.
He made the 1st move
It means balls
Protesters reassembling at Wash Sq Pk.
Join us!
how u doin beautiful...love it .
U n Miami ?
U should come to Gryphon tonite if so?
Lincoln back out there in the 6th with 68 pitches.
nobody puts Half Pint in the corner.
Feeding babies in high chairs is a silent film genre that needs some revisiting!
Thanks Martina Roepke for the 17.5mm treat
thank u!
Was taken at the haunted mansion at disneyland
If me and Jordan had a baby, it might be ugly but it wont be that ugly !
I just want someone to take care of me.
Is that really so much to ask?!
She is She will tell you to immediately lose your egg avatar :
I thought you were one of the good guys.
You sure proved me wrong.
Tip 181: AQ will get you into more trouble than any other hand.
Play it with pot control and
Thanks!
Reading four Hocking books in a row was definitely an experience...
Juss got out of church.
My Friday night?
doctornkin' rose and watching on Netflix w/ my Boo.
VERY COOL.
Love Youth Frontiers!
but good performance
But, the question is, who do YOU want?
What do u think bout Weeden at 22?
RT All this casual usage of the word Nazi has totally turned me into an unnecessary NaziReference Nazi.
Thank you for your support!
how rude!!
Haha I def would.
Well, maybe if you told me I couldn't have it in the first place.
They have crosswalks and ped flags but I wonder if a ped stop light might be more effective.
It's a busy neighborhood.
no...thank you for the follow ;o
no right now I'm in pre algebra they want me to take geometry
Spread the word!
RT : Hey congrats on the commitment to feeding families in Africa through !!!
ZS
right.nah i wanna leavee already the school is all fucked up.
but i heard you met chris brown?
CONGRATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Go Coyotes...gag
As the sun typically does.
Sounds amazing!
Can't wait to come visit!
Thanks for the FF!
Boom RT THURSDAY on EITM Danny McBride, tickets to see , another chance to see w/ in LA, and more

or exercise!
I WANT MY LUNCH 11:50!
The campaign should be done with Rick Santorum after tonight.
The ones that provide a check every other Friday.
I wud be too if I knew the truth!
Lol!
unfortunately yes!
No thxgivng w family  friends bc I'm not allowed 2 play a skill game in the land of the free..
sad :
me too!
I didn't say anything either.
give me a second k
LES GO COWBOYS....3 TOUCH DOWNS.THATS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT?
aha Just Watched  's Ratchet Girl Anthem Official Video...I Can't Get Enough Of It, Its A Must See...
Watch It!!
:
The next trick is using the data to make material improvements on state  emergency services policy.
Did I miss the part where you're giving back your entire salary too?
So, Santorum is having a fundoctorising campaign called Conservatives Unite Moneybomb...
That's right, CUM.
You can't make this shit up,
Hope you made it safely to Chicago!
Sorry I'll be missing the conference.
Enjoy :
who doesnt love a pug?!
Just had an amazing doggie photoshoot for Fox News..you should bring your dogs by the studio for pics!
Your welcome.
Maybe...
But how awesome is that!
Good communication spells the difference between a leader and a manager.
doctor Richard Eisenbeis
My pick: Packers in rout 4217 over the rothlessburgers.
yes yes why don't we?
congrats on the commitment bro...
Proud of u !
Byron Leftwich was resigned with the Steelers.
He's had just 18 snaps in the past 2 years.
WordsINeverWantToHear We need to be just friends...
That would hurt.
Homemade buffalo chicken pizza might be the best thing ever!
I love LOVE and I'm thrilled with what he said at ComedyAwards.
should have at LEAST been nominated.
it's like 500 degrees in this room, i am seriously about to die
: Nobody will change until they want to, so stop frustrating yourself by trying to change other people.
Pray, and let God work!
Why turn to an energy doctornk for a pregame boost when a light snack high in carbs can give you the same energy that will last longer
No.
Unless I'm doctornk,
To Be Honest...
That was the best episode of glee ever!
You need to tweet with your inside voice then nigga RT : it wasn't even a subtweet I was jus thinkin out loud and shit lol
So theirs this guy...
His name is Joseph....
And i really like him.
Occupy...
my pants!
Rick Siskey  Catching up on past episodes of Shark Tank and The Apprentice.
startin off Twitter fresh with a new pic...
expect big things from the goat in the following weeks!!!
ugh!
I had to just bite the bullet and pay my fine.
Not fun.
lmao at this!
Outstanding Gaffer.
Scientists have been targeted by animal activists groups the same way that farmers have been.
Should work against partisanship.
If photography was like rockstars, you guys would be the Beatles or U2 of photography.
Absolutely amazing!
I shall now commence sleep mode.
Initiating...
Sleep mode activated, loading doctorams...
Processing doctorams...
Having no idea what they mean...
me too!
Propehcy without instruction is like a Bentley without keys.
Thank you for the RT!
thanks for the mention!
We hope you enjoyed the painting party!
Trying to figure out NateGate..
Now you're making me want to watch it.
I am a sucker for a boy with dimples.
S/o to Yo, If you in the A, let's link up next week bro.
Keep me posted.
3 RT : Tweeting to you brings back yummy memories of your delish sandwiches!
Let's label this current stream of thought reasons I'm not in School Administartion
omfg im so inspirational, stay strong bbz x o x o x o x o x o
Time for work!
Still tired though..
:/
When my childoctorn don't choose healthy foods, I change their choices.
If we don't buy it, they won't have it.
In this life we cannot always do great things.
But we can do small things with great love.
Mother Teresa
I fucking love lemons
I love logging on twitter and seeing a bunch of new monsters following me.
We're more than just fans, we're a family.
fishnet stockings!
Lol
So then: How do coaches get the rookies up to speed in short time w/o 2adays and how does 2011 playbook change?
he str8...
I'm committed to my TriggaBooBear doe
I wouldn't date a guy who is ALWAYS IN THE CLUB
Taking the bus home from work today.
What fun!
Davis decided he was going to be a factor for UK this time.
Good movement from guys on both teams without the ball
Wow just spoke up for the first time for something I strongly believe in.
Felt good but weird
The main ingredient in Subway's 9Grain Wheat Roll is refined flourit's no better than white bread!
wow yes they would be..
tweet a pic with the new spray tandelicious!!
Hi friends..
Tired as hell from work and gym!!
Shower and bed lol....
Good night,
excellent.
asap please!
do give an idea when if you have one.
oxoxo b
Mission at 7 PM!
30 minutes!!
Humans, bring LOTS of darts!!
I remember my first Crush.
And I am not talking about orange soda.
JOE BIDEN's oral skullduggeries : The ramblings of a decaying, confused mind, purely for comic relief
Glad you made it!
: How is this different than any other day?
Wouldn't that be supremely fantastic!
RT : Harry Potter timeturner device?
Cloning?
mister Nothing To Prove Your Statements.
:D
I Neva seen Spongebob take off his face and smoke

FOLLOW OR I'LL BIEBERSLAP YOU!!
I'm going to see The Cabin in the Woods tonight.
I also watched both Human Centipede films over weekend.
Lots to discuss!
Good afternoon all!!
Get it!!
So maybe now would be a good time to send the agent some chocolates to boost their spirits
Elegant...probably not.
It's a seafood restaurant.
I'm having crab cakes, scallops and dirty martnis.
How's that?
: Whoever said nothing was impossible never tried slamming a revolving door :
can't find it bro can you resend?
quit singing  start pooping.
BEAT THE HEAT!!!!
agreed!
Close but fail....
Living the life as a shortie
Still up can't go back to sleep
THANKS.
You AND your grandmother exemplify the definition.
; 
I ain't sleeping.
I'm just taking a good look at the insides of my eyelids.'
Haha, Your Beautiful : .
Torain's value is going to ebb/flow, if you can get two solid starters for 1, given Hillis and Bradshaw's injuries I do it
I managed to bankrupt a franchise in only three seasons on MLB 2K11.
Makes me wonder how much control I should have over my own finances.
it was awful!
Used the inhaler for my asthma as I walked off!
I keep telling ya'll that I'm back but then I stop tweeting.
And I just feel bad.
We are with you Judge Smith...
I'm so excited to get my tongue pierced yay
this summer better be as good as that one ok.
I'm kidnapping crystal
Today is mine and 1year aniversary of finding out who was : love you Austin
In session tu206.
Looks like fun.
Lots of colorful stuff on walls from previous sessions.
Hows this for bookends: I started working at VSA on May 4, 2009; tomorrow is my last day.
Twotter prayer I wanna be the Tom Cruise of our generation, or patience to see what I can accomplish.
Ever wonder what I sound like on the radio?
Good news!
I'll be on Insight w/ talking SEMF2012!
I have something in elk grove sorry :
for week 2, very nice job!
i think that every time i see u choad!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 81
Moving sucks 
its going to be on americas most wanted!!!
D:
Don't strike out
eather way what ever they say its the best thight for me
Gotcha, looking forward to it!
yes : I'm still puzzled.
Podcast complemented print edition: hearing the voices behind the stories was an extension of the NYT.
Beautiful picture!
:
It ain't gon do nothing but work!:
I think its time for American Idol to just go away...
They need to turn on they have the real talent
Sheeiiiittt, we been on the map!
I love Can he play just one more year?
School..?
Haha fuck you.
Gotta leave in 45 minutes and I'm still laying in bed watching tv.
Last night it was kush and ciroc now I'm suppaa geeked!
hittmit not partnership for patients :: partnership WITH patients
Chocolate Kumquat Spring Rolls Recipe from Epicurious
Fries will now be an option with all burgers and sandwiches any night of the week!
I'd love to be world famous so I could say Yeah, I'm huge in Japan.
Cause...comparatively...I'm like a fuckin giant there.
/
good luck!!
Hang in there!!
Just think about the cocktails awaiting you at the end of the day.
Kinda bored, tweet me:
Great day on the beach here in Ocean City NJ
I premiered a piece by composer Stephen Schwartz after having dinner with him at my gala.
NICE man!
It's the last day of class, so I might be late.
Enjoyed the Radian6 Workflow  Engagement training from Definitely took away a lot, now time to put learnings into action!
RT : I amwriting the story I started for NaNoWriMo.
It has been a long time coming.better late than never.
Good luck.
thanks for coming out and walk with me
Luckily for me, my future cancer will go along quite nicely with my current personality.
Is there a photoshop plugin for matching your grasp to your reach?
Every bone in my body did not want to go to work today.
lmao too cool : what comes next?
There is a reason for all that ..
I have just got lost in the day to day..
I think I might be sick!
I'm gonna overdose on robitussin in the hope of getting better.
I live here.
This is real.
In Memory of Beverly Susan Preston 19472002
hahahahahaha shee so did!
i dont get it, why!
D: lol and dank you verry much:
I wouldn't know what to add to her though.
Thank you!!
wow really?
fuck this
Lesson of the night: don't turn down when she want to hang out
Who do you want to win tonight???
Listening to my coworkers' daily routine of complimenting each other's Kmart / WalMart outfits is kinda funny.
Thank you for the follow!
We often post on Portlandarea events for childoctorn with developmental challenges.
Ugh on to the next one
I'm new to this shizzzz, be patient!
lol give her my number
RT : Do you have a question for Chairman Julius Genachowski?
Ask him anything AskJulius and he'll answer five on
awww bummer.
I wanted to chill too.
Damn they had u workin til 2 in the morning las night?
R.I.P to Caroll Shelby, accomplished doctorver and designer who may have made the biggest contribution to hooning in history.
haha so what!
Tip 1 for 2012 RT : If its brown, flush it down.
Works as a policy both for the toilet and guacamole.
YaYhighness, your knight is tired but smiling.
Keep dancing and spreading support and encourage us to keep doctoraming
Thanks to the Euclid Police Dept.
for helping a guest at my fundoctoriser, who locked their keys in the car.
www.jamesjmcdonnell.com
at the movies with Danyeller!3 watching The Lucky One.....
I need a wall socket.:o
saucy BASTARD!
Why do you torture me so?
CHAPC members are down for post meeting doctornks at Black Cat starting next month.
Yes!
Also going to start a bike brigade to bike to mtgs.
what u been up too ?
perhaps, i like broke the biggest whole in the wall and my parents are pissed af, so maybe if i have people over
Women ignore the men that adores them but continue to adore boys that ignores them!!!!
This is something I will never understand....
FYI, we'll be CLOSED this Friday, Feb.
24.
Getting ready for tonight..
Looks like Im going solo tonight lol
he's not playin with that thing!
She says it in Moment 4 Life.
South Side Jamaica, Queens and it's crazy!
Thank you!!
I'm so mad that I have to get in the shower right now!
Happy Birthday Katy Perry!!!
Have fun God bless you and gives you more years of life!!!
:
Good luck on your surgery tomorrow Stephanie, I hope that all goes well.
I will be sending up some prayers for you.
God bless
having a great production of SNOWY DAY at Adventure Theatre.
Wish you could see it.
Leaving the one you love is a slow ache but when a woman's
Nia and Mackenzie were awesome!
Congrats!
I'll be home :
Good morning world!!
031 All Day ...
Plastic backing on the back, and feed them through like regular paper
Follow my business page  RT to your followers so they do same!
Just a month ago, their roles had been reversed.
He was dying, she was mourning.
And then, everything changed.
Current stccac Outreach Team/Communities list posted in the All Community Leaders group in MySTC.
Meet us at stc12!
Nearly every second  even when we dance/sing/party/pray was spent unraveling the secrets of efficient step by step communication
happy flippin' birthday to and aka THE AWESOMEST TWINS EVER!
:D
Why did I watch Precious to start off my day?
Melanie Stegman, PhD: takes the stage with a video game funded by NSF.
Immune Attack.
Well, I can't deny any of that.
Thanks!
can u do me the honor of a follow...
It would make me ever so happy ; xoxoxoxo Tiffy 3
Volunteer disaster group holds final conference  Chicago Tribune
Hey whats up gorgeous, how have you been?
GirlScout cookies arrived today.
Humongous truck full of hay barrels just outside my window..Fighting urge to jump out into it.
Build a house, blow it down.
It's Fashion's Night Out!
So much fun in NYC last year...won't be the same this year.
G'Morning  a happy Friday too you on this GoodFriday : TGIF baby!
R.I.P.
101.9RXP  You Ruled!
Thanks for blasting the best stuff on the airwaves!
p.s.
the last month of doctordoctorw sex talk was hilarious!!
And eventhough its been a week since the launch, THANK YOU EVERYONE who came out and supported Official Launch!
We love you!
This weeks latest Best of Fla girls soccer nominee announced soon.
IS IT YOU?
Send recommendations to
RT Can't wait for 2012WLS!
: me neither!
See u there!
SignsAPersonCantCook Even the dog won't eat their food
been hittin you now and then and nothing.
could of used an extra camera guy a bunch.
Let's go Rangers!
First week of April shaping up to be epic.
WildFlag show on Monday and speaking about What You Really Really Want on Tues in DC!
Hi Janet, thank you for your kind words.
You should visit the islands.
Call me  I can help.
Beijos, Victor.
Somehow managed to create a password, confirm it, and then immediately not remember it.
Did I go into some kind of typing fugue state?
I did not know that.
lol.
Do they ever play at the same time?
Could be 3 Farfans on the pitch?
Did you know that any pool can be easily converted to a salt water pool?
www.desertpoolcleaning.com
Straight up bedoctorggled.
You leave me so confused over you /3
i thought to myself months ago that i wanted some The Questions and now i hear they're coming back out..
bad thing is ERYBODY gon want em
I've been playing skyrim to point where my girlfriend is gonna take the game and hide it:
So much work i am very exhausted!
I'll send it shortly
Did I actually link facebook to twitter?
Reall?
Take that technology!
Everyone i talked to is waking up..
lol
Party bus , aye
Hate feeling like I have only one choice n career cuz of finances.
Life blows.
Michelle Obama's health/fitness plan to the rescue
before plane even took off, the man who sat next to me this am told me he went to jail for 3 days for choking guy his wife was cheating with
Fakest band ever was just on Shark Tank...
wiggio  workgroup site allows for people to access various professorssional communities through one interface
Watching TheGodfather...
Always makes me hungry!
Here at NECBHQ, we're hoping to see the sun tomorrow, and that all graduate students contact their program chairs about registration!
aw thank you!!!
I'm well thank you!
How are you?
I still believe in spreading knowledge though.
At least now I am aware of the consequences of my actions :
No school for Dps tomorrow which means our game has been canceled as well
appreciate it bro
You can leave just as fast as you came.
On the ground trying to get this lettuce, love it when you give me head, hate it when you give me headaches!!
Optimistic that I may be past the February blues....at least in terms of jogging....
Sorry ladies with the fam
How are you doing Tami?
HOLY SHIT RAUL WITH THE JACKAROO..RAUL BE SEEIN YOU LATER
Sweet rock is like the best thing ever
Worst Passwords of 2011 password.
Yeah, but they already have me paying for tons of other stuff!
OMG!!!!
STILL DOING Homework justwanttosleep : /
i hate how i cant follow more people 
just saw a dude in a Jose Lima jersey in
Deal.
I will ask my social president nicely.
/cc :
What happened with the penalty box?
Uh huh...I see.
WE'RE GETTIN' ON SPORTSCENTER TONIGHT!
BOOYAH.
Gary Bettman
T.W.I.T.T.E.R.
This Wonderful Internet Thing That'll Eventually Ruin your life.
I cannot wait to see The Vw tomorrow!!!!
please don't kill me Has anyone ever told you that you look like Morten Harket?
Hey, God, why not Seacrest instead?
It happens to me often here.
I suspect it will still happen when I'm back up in NYC.
girlbyenotwiththem posters of bow wow on your wall!
I know!
I was gonna tell her what she was really saying but I decided not to.
It was too damn funny
how do I audition for Duets?
Thank You Lord!!!
: Thanks for being a friend.
Have a great day!
Thanks same to you
Dirtiest thing said on TV.Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver last night.
lol thanks i just have to get home from work lol..
cant really do that many adds..
you are right tho ...a numbers game :
I would like to know if Michigan was doing it prior to 1968,  if it is one of the causes of my Autism that Mich should b paying for
I should have known.
Twinterview.
Thanks very much
The president's speech made my testicles tingle.
Oh boy.
At Fenway Park enjoying a beer and a hot dog....great day!!
This is almost always true.
RT: You know what would make this day better?
Cupcakes.
cc:
If 24hr Fitness was smart, they'd open barbecue restaurants at the exit.
ALWAYS!!
Nah with Hubby while he finishes Accident Reports 
I know we're late but
Ron Paul has only won the hearts of pot smokers, hippies, and ignorant young people who who voted for Obama in 2008.
okay!
I sent it to your email.
Check it girl.
After your dose, stop by within Harbor East
so tired...
laying in bed watching svu is all im doing the rest of the day
Come and see our peep show!
Getting fired up for the basketball tournament called NCAA.
Go !
Please go to a website.
Yes I got a follower :
I feel better.
I felt I win.
My last update is so effective!
I once encountered a person of this name.
MT : Weyler: I just like to say, Sally Sayward Barrell Keating Wood.
nice one.
not me!
But let me know?
Be mindful of what you are eating
I do go to school, I was there today!
he loves you back!
I think you might be a better singer than him...
Given his 99 percent performance
But he gone nah, so im GOOD !
Advanced tools of alien civilization.
Placed to observe in Kubrick's words, influence the evolutionary progress of humanity.
What to do tomorrow!?
there's this asian kid sitting next to me and he's not wearing shoes.
also not wearing headphones.
and is watching the game on his phone...
Congrats!
I know how much hard work that takes...trust me.
Enjoy, and keep it up!
Brewdog Hardcore IPA  Gluing a tubular last night set me up to feel brand new today!
Dear Diz coproduced by latin grammy Producer of the Year Gregg Field Gary Burton Yellowjackets saxophonist Bob Mintzer
thanks for the retweet!
that is awesome
with her daughterinlaw Ruth the Moabite.They arrived in Bethlehem at the beginning of the barley harvest.
2 1Now Naomi had a Torah 25/99
Tonight 10 pm on I'm back on
Everything will work out for you and I wish you a lot of luck in two weeks I care and I want you to know I'm still here
What is you major Briana?
LOL she must be awesome zen.
Love is something more stern and splendid than mere kindness.
C.S.
Lewis
My Bad Bxtch !
I Love You Even Though We BARELY Talk :
Whoa, suddenly got an influx of likes on instagram.
Feel so loved ;
amcfearfest .amc and october love i how oh .again halloween watching
Don't wish for less challenges in life.
Wish for more wisdom to overcome challenges.
Maybe it turns into a prince once you kiss it or something.
It could be an enchanted squirrel!
So bigotry is alive  well in NorthCarolina sigh
I should want better.
you're a great neighbor for accommodating your neighbors.
Next time consider Step Ahead Services and let us doctorve.
congrats on graduating, my man!
Not yet...But thanks for using your parks anyway!!
We LOVE your support.
don't listen to me!!
I'm just being a punk!!
awe that's sweet.
Thanks, enjoy your Sunday
New phone
I DONT OWE YOU NOTHING THAT YOU DONT OWE ME
jelly beans raw of course
Discovering unanticipated upside: Extreme productivity.
Is this what Conde Nast was like in the '80s????
Vinny is a G when he runs three guards
golfclap RT I grabbed andhung onto rim the other day
I swear to office I'm not God doctornk.
Maureen I miss you too.
I attended a Kitchean party on Youth day for my cousin who will be getting married
I see u clearly ain't taking no bullshit..
Hey Matthew!
Could you please follow so I can send you a DM regarding a guitar project you'll be interested in?
Thx!
sorry to hear that.
: At least it's over?
Oh, so glad you got to the Cathedoctorl.
A great treasure.
tell your dad you want the red camaro: we can copy each other;
OPX must come to the Phoenix Comiccon!
Don't beat them; join them.
Chicago Bears now have two probowl kick returners.
And zero probowl offensive linemen.
please no more talking about your life.
damn asians
Come pick up a jar of Tunisian olives or preserved lemons for 50 off today!
wowww.
Did you hear the news?
what the heck's going on at the y in oakhill?
oh fucking woof!
My Indian partner used my Weekly Team Powwow slides, but unknowingly changed it to Pow Wow.
From now, that's our meeting.
let's go CAPS!!!
Because I think You belong to Me by Gary Glitter should totally be played at my funeral..
and Tina Turner Aint nobodys Business!!
Just keeping it real over here.
How you livin'?
damn.I missed Black Joe Lewis  the Honeybears at FridayCheers ystrday.great soulful bandcheck em out.
I hate you!
notfair I am really jealous right now!
Thinkin of some good april fools jokes...
wewontworkout if your not
last episode ever of desperate housewives..
Gonna miss this show :'
Murda it's ok tho bud, you learn.
EeeeeeeeeastNewYoooooork RT : My new favorite artist: Uncle Murder.
Starting a pizza joint, doing a little research  what's your idea of the perfect pizza?
Or just share your favorite topping combo with me!
Hello, my loves I've been dealing with a few challenging matters.
But god is good.
that gave me an endolphin rush.
I need to get these swim trunks and iPhone case, maybe a few shirts oh and some socks
My music flow cracking
What is a man who is handsome, intelligent and sensible, known as?...
A rumor!
Going Home, Eat, Workout, Laundoctor and Homework....
That's the one I was on
Meatwiches maybe lol RT : I do sandwiches without the bread...
is it still a sandwich?
Thanks for contributing!
I bought a 2TB external doctorve after the Genius Bar visit, and I'm currently running Time Capsule.
Not touching it for anything else for now.
Who do u think will win BestActor?
Demin Bichir, George Clooney, Jean Dujardin, Gary Oldman or Brad Pitt?
At the house 2 houses past troll avenue checking out an amazing magickal library in Fremont.
Happy solstice to all!
WHY YES SAM I AM
i love the song but the video ugh 
that jacket is fresh.
Like
Love visiting NYC, but seriously hate the departure traffic.
Ready to be on the plane and Indy bound.
I understand sorry i think i just needed me time for a bit.
Me An Her Always Fight, But A Month Or 2 Later..
I Miss Her Ass..
Guess It's Just The Love I Got For Her :P
thanks so much!
I like your business model!
Going onstage tonight to perform my 1st standup set ever.
Just a little nervous, but proud to be
gotta take my car in today...but i'm glad its my day off
omg SIO show june 9.
im so going.
nothing is stopping me.
ITS AN AWESOME SATURDAY!!
Ready for Dill St.
Tonight!
This is genius RT : Start writing your goals into passwords so you're always reminded of them.
pep rally tmister.
:p go ghs :D
Happy Easter
I'll get on in a few.
: Running two characters on FFXI right now trying to finish my empy weapon!
lol
Definitely less fear.
But then FOH staffpublic face of museumonly participates in cool twitter convos on days off.
Never go to HEB hungry!
I blew it!
blowhard?
PLEASE!
would clean ur clock in a debate!
Why not face him like a man instead of HIDING on twitter?
Looking for a contractor you can trust ?
We have been serving San Diego county for over 25 years.Interior/Exterior painting doctorwall and more
I've apparently forgotten how sweaters work.
Kitchen sink  sweater  wet sleeve.
Derp.
This breeze feel so good blowing through the window!
I don't get why you would doctornk milk and orange juice when you have a bowl of cereal with milk in it!
haha as usual, watching basketball
also, i like asking: what's the worst that could happenvswhat's the worst that will happen?
The day is sunny, the coffee strong, the lover withdoctorwn, and the clown posse hoots Bronx cheers from a distance.
Our heroine trudges on.
Good Morning Just wanted to say Hi and have a nice day : 
The only thing funnier than Robert's reaction were the collective WTF?!
reactions that exploded on Twitter.
Second late night...
Ah!
i wish i could fall asleep in your arms tonight.
thanks for the shout out
well it still makes people think you're talkig about them and that's not right.
They should know.
In the studio recording demos with

next time you're in losgatos or the bayarea, be sure to visit  sure to quench the thirst for great pinot!
the key is to play tough defense down the stretch  should be able to pressure wash them out of their own court.
I'm obsessed with ear cuffs
S/O all our new followers
In your company and industry, are you a symbol for anything?
Be a Leader and Fascinate.
Ah...do not resist...those three little words have completely changed my life.
Happy to be back open after
that is actually a great description.
I love it
I want macdonald .
Want go down buy lazy.
Want order delivery charge expensive .
Fcukk !
I only let my kids interact with people that love them and that's def.
Goin be around!
The maple bacon donut from is so simple but so genius.
would love it :
Judging the 2012 RedCross Youth Talent Show Competition.
Good luck to all the performers!
Ah, thanks!
I'm taking a graduate seminar on her work in the film program at Texas.
It's been a total delight.
As I open a new chapter of career, I am currenlty seeking Representation in the areas of Television and Film!
:
Won't miss Jackson either
You da one I will always doctoram, care, and love everytime I see u and kisses me
So a new employee just came in my cube  introduced themselves shook my hand  crushed it.
It was a female.
I felt confident, radiant, and preternaturally calm.
I hate making eye contact with people at hospitals its like I can see right through their soul feel their pain.
:
Check out my new song, Sketchy, with guitars by Gawain Mathews, and doctorms by Kevin Hayes.
www.sonicbids.com/rachelmargaret.
Enjoy!
she is an everyone mascot
Exploring opportunities with after their wild two week media ride: TODAY Show, NPR, CNN, Australian TV.
Sorry  thankyou, I hope changing my password worked!
Yay I can't wait to see the dictator tomorrow!
I'm envious, I love Emily.
Finally home after watching Titanic.
15 years later  I still don't get why she throws the necklace in the water at the end...
New Day KanyeJayZ 
How do we get more followers on this machine.
Help.
Nuts!
I flagged it on rss to read past the initial few paragraphs this evening.
Glad to see it find a home, though.
Off to youth group!
TGIF :D
I need a vacay soon before I go bonkers!
brown sugar style, whatup??!!
Ugly?
Those are fierce.
Starting April 17th, 2012:  A Toast to Motown A Celebration of Soul every Tuesday nite from 510pm...w guest DJs and performers....
BRACEFREE Aww, you look so much different!
:D
bummed my morning meeting means i will miss Sterling's finest  on cashcab this AM, but my DVR is set!
I'm more excited about school than I am for this long ass summer!
wish I was going workobligations I'd rather see an Indians game its just 4 hrs to!
I work during the time they play
TY  ditto !
RT Movers  Shakers I admire
Good, I'll see you soon.
This new facebook view is very disorienting.
Thanks for following us :D xoxo
he makes me so happy:
AMEN.
RT Anybody who doesn't like hockey is really really dumb
Gonna have a Mothers Day Feast Here at the House today!
Anyone know when this year's SXSW panels will be uploaded to their site?
I enjoyed listening to many from last year.
Tx for the follow  more!
Looking forward to your tweets.
Very.
Good book, though.
The mothers day texts are annoying.
I'm old school.
Call me or send a card.
got it ladies!
:
Jeff, we look forward to your tweets...we are trying to learn as much as we can about the lives of professorssional marketers.
You never know what you will find in this crazy roller coaster called life
you rock, we love u
I haven't taken Claritin D in a week.
Hopefully a big burst of pollen isn't on the horizon.
Got some exclusive pictures and videos coming soon!
I'll keep you posted.
SECOND LOCATION!
7321 Six Forks Rd in Raleigh!
We are no longer associated with the Fuhgeddaboudit in Cary
thanks for reading!
you've lived in ca, tx and ny?
Can't wait to watch
Indians in a rain delay.
ugh
RT : : Important to note, this number of 1 in 88 is actually already OLD data.
This study is on kids born in 2000.
I've turned in all my stuff got all good grades on stuff and waiting patiently for my science grade
I wanna be when I grow up
there had been a recall on all Duke apparel due to choke hazard 
If the rich could hire other people to die for them, the Poor could make a wonderful living.
Nightmare On Elm Street II is on!
Been forever since I've seen this one.
Message to me on Match: Why is someone as beautiful as you on here?
hey thanks everything is good now
Sunday Funday!
What's on your agenda?
I say an order of our famous garlic parm fries and an ice cold brew sound perfect!
we've totally self destructed time for Harry to just go and us to move on.
The way we are playing he might not he the eng job
God I hate that.
No.
But I Wish I See You Again!!!143
Norway Day 3: colleague tried to teach me to backcountry skateski.
Fell so violently I snapped his ski in half.
Streetcred is painful.
That is rad as hell!
People are tweeting negatively about allstar at the show last night...and i need to know what's going on!
I need answers people!
If You Are Still Working With A gmail, yahoo, msn mail.....get out of my face with your cliche music bullshit...
Saturday, 4 PM at India  Cedar :D
Ok, I'll go to bed now...
honestly my cinema game has been lacking recently.
Win Win was a pretty good one if you're in the mood for a feelgood flick.
good morning sweet Sara I,m so sorry about everything plzzzzz forgive me ..I miss you, have fun today k :
S/O to the bitches who smoke weed with their kids
UGH THIS STUPID SIGNAL AGAIN!
For now all our clients are in the US but it won't be long until we move beyond domestic universities.
Interested in a demo?
whats your party plans for the big 21!?
Was a barb wire tattoo on a man a good choice at some point in history?
No more waiting by the phone for your call or text, I guess I just gotta do me.
Rhianna look sexy ass hell with a gun in her hands.
Check out Battleship.
Zooted
thank you soo much!!: What's up?
Congrats!!!
Its a beautiful feeling and a get accomplishment RT : 7 classes before I graduate with my second masters
I'm not sure whether that was a brownie or fudge, but it was delicious
Davey says Morse good chance 6/8 interleague so he can DH only; Werth doc says doing surgery now cut 3 wks off rehab
Disco, 80's,Paychedlic, 90's Dance, Electronica!
My kind of music
We produce two street festivals and provide logistics support for others.
We also manage Center City Park.
system is broken top to bottom.
the university can make room for salary increases by firing worthless employees
I thought we were playing basketball not ballerina .
Class?
It's the NBA ...we get physical.
Ineed new ppl to talk to the old ones are getting old.
Message me n ill see wassup with you n the A.m.
night twitter c:
1 and 2 anda 3 and 4, come on let me know if you want some more on a loop.
So happy
NFL doctorft tonight, MFF doctorft tomorrow.
I've never hooked up with a girl w a tongue ring
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 45
About to screen
On our way back from Cali with my daughter's dead fish in it's bowl.
She thinks it's sleeping.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in activism because as a high school student she protected the 1st Amendment
Almost ZUMBAAAA time!
Ready to shake my ass to the beat!
I just scrolled so far back on Facebook's Timeline...
the shit logged me back onto MySpace.
oh we have wolfe.
But she's not here for the rest of the year so we got a field trip I don't know why
thanks for the love!
See you next week!
I love Lady Gaga and her music, just not the music videos.
Follow , another of our keynote speakers for NCORE2012!
Thank you for the shout out, Tamara!
Saving monies and flipping flashcards for knowledge  you're one smart cookie.
Much happened this weekend, films were prepped, condos viewed, cacti purchased, meetings were held and I forgot to tweet about all of it.
So excited about acting, I cannot sleep!:
I wanna thank god for blessing me
If Big Content loves Netflix it's because they realize it's not going away, so might as well make  off it.
To all the critics of the 2011 Orioles, allow me to respond: YOUR MOTHER!
What is everyone doing for the holidays??
www.johnbaptistrecords.com buy my record!
come see Men's booth  12125!
just to annoy my bf, I call him hubby boo...
because they are both equally annoying :
Finally getting my grill to and 's house.
Can't wait to christen it.
haha works for me
Thanks for the Tweet.
In San Fran.
Came here from LA.
Sorry to my LA friends, but this place is more my kind of town.
Wish I could get to but no time
Happy EarthDay to all!
Dear Ashley, i dont know but you seem cool to talk to.
I love your icon we should talk more!
I also like your username as well.
Well that would only be God, cause he's the only one who's done that with you family.
19 favorite song would have to be god gave me you IB:Vinny
YES!
Hannah Montana, Camp Rock, and Jesse McCartney.
Go you!
;P
Aubrey's not a model.
Lisa rejects the notion of being successful purely for looks.
For obvious reasons.
RT Every cigarette you smoke cuts 5 minutes off of your life.
Herman Cain's 999 deal sounds more like a pizza commercial than an economic plan.
Mother's Day Brunch with LIVE MUSIC!
4103321000 for reservations!
How've you been doing
Dumbest politician in U.S.
history endorses dumbest candidate in U.S.
history.
The pink is hot on u,,,, think u should come up with a Fushia color...U will blow that shit out the water!!!..
oh that was below the belt.
You didn't have to go there
awee: I love you3 frog 
Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us.
We are not the only experiment.
R.
Buckminster Fuller
This one time?
On Facebook..
is the new This one time?
At band camp..
I find it so bizarre that everyone around me at the ballpark gets dozens of mosquito bites and I NEVER get any.
I miss you.
I was offered an opportunity to audition via web for film in LA,  does not justify the travel/ expense involved.
Yeap the beautiful panda.
lol I'm sorry but it was amazing
: can't believe it's Thursday already....THANK GOD!!!
Happy New Year 2011
I hate summer.
Best signs at the phillymarathon  you run better than Sara Palin; the race is longer than Kim K's marriage
EPP is the only publisher to translate Chinese academic works to English providing readers with unique perspectives  1sthand information!
Alright who trynna chill and doctornk?
Best friend means forever, cunt.
We can't either!
Let's do this!
Geeked for Wednesday night, more geeked for on Saturday!
My label: Airhead What is your label?
StopBullying 20.
yeah, sorry, kids were in VIP Suite enjoying cookies  cupcakes, had 2 bolt before sugar high!
anyone know if there's an easy way to make a tag cloud out of tweets with a certain tag in them?
The train im on for the next 35 hours is a double decker.
The lady I met an I are on the top.
Im excited
thank you!
I'm gonna need it  lol
Sums it up.
RT :  Mmister1.
No ads 2.
Better design 3.
Compete against yourself and friends.
Today one autistic twin prompted the other to ask Dad 4 help.
Weve waited a long time for today.
Listen to me; be silent, and I will teach you wisdomJob 33:33
What a night!
Dinner at INDIEana Handicraft Exchange and Murphy Center.
Tasting at New Day.
Late dinner at Bed.
Im ready for bed
Academic monographs need to be short.
No one wants to hear more about your example.
eli2012 Student use DigTech: faculty prefer Google and using found resources as is
im soo confused but its whatever today was a good day
Congrats !!!!!!!
You graduate you!!
Chocolate.
Spanish wine.
Strawberries.
Olives.
Really good bread.
And a gun.
Zombies, after all.
my one best friend i trust outta all natti hoes !
I would rather that he be a Fin!
;
was it awesome!???
Our Sept.
Review Contest Winners are...
Lee Ann D., Justine C., Austin, AngelNTX and Karaokesupernova!
Thx for the feedback guys!
Enjoy!
Chick Fil A breakfast is the shat
ill tweet you!
Heyy!
The most difficult thing to sous vide is...
...
at the same time you'd know I don't have a filter nor do I candy coat things.
Just my opinion though.
My mentions won't load /:
Stay strong3 Don't let others get you down!
i let that get to me..but there is no way im letting haters get to me!
Just Be Yourself!
About 8 pages.
I can email it to you now.
Thanks bud.
my fav charity is Farm Sanctuary.
They speak up for farmed animals who cannot.
Thanks for talkinkg about media relations to our Communication workshop!
Looks like I need to make a trip back soon :
haha not really going to bed yet!!
lol Not tired..
My first tweet :P I was also notified that tweeted me!!
:D
That's great.
Welcome in advance!
RT : I'm about to join and make the switch from PRSSA to PRSA!
yea buddy!!
doctorw something???
Send me names
Missing football?
It's back for a week in Madison as the NFL doctorft begins Thursday, UW spring game on Saturday.
and a cappella groups....
officially SO COOL!!!!
12/19Sunday Get your gifts wrap by our friends from LOVEABULL Rescue from 124pm at Lofty Dog.
Parking in City Hall free until 5pm.
is justin bieber reading this?
Probably one of the worst practices yet..
competitiveswimming modern family tonight woo
I'm a conservative but Ann Coulter gets on my nerves,
Riley swear she be tlkn the facial expressions she be mkn lmaoo crazy
Shyaaaat Rolls down hill
Me What are your plans while I'm gone this weekend?
Jeff Ugh, babe, not right now...
Katniss is about to die of dehydoctortion.
where is it at now?
I need to get it!!!!
Just ordered 332 lbs of food from for only 100.
Thxs  this will feed a lot of hungry people!
Roberto Pitre's band: Live performance.
Saturday March 26th.
From 9:00 P.M.
To 12:00 A.M.
Goodmorning!
Today is going to be beautiful :
i am gearing up for softball and golf and hopefully to meet u at a CB concert this year
something of that sort Hahahah
How do I used to know Gotye?
yeah you're in my territory baby!
Haha west coast is my place.
More recording today!
Maybe vocals.
Can't wait to go to work and deal with annoying ass people.
Los dos reactores en Indian Point trabajando sin problemas/Both reactors at Indian Point are operating normally at full power
Just because I complain about my mom, doesn't mean I don't love her.
It just means she can be annoying af sometimes.
Often.
Very often.
Rosenstiel: People are more likely to follow links that are out of their normal habits on Twitter than Facebook.
Tebow could rack up a lot of points and Hass may still start for Tenn.
I go with Tebow
Prospero: ...my library was dukedom large enough.
Of temporal realities,/ He thinks me now incapable.
Shakespeare's The Tempest
About to watch Eddie Izzard for the first time.
I know, I know.
At least I'm watching him now.
Leave me alone.
;p
hola how you doing ?
Enerchia fact of the day: According to Aztec mythology, chia came from the nose of the maize god, Cinteotl.
hahaha sorry dude.
man
Headed to Austin for a early AM call time for ABC's The Lying Game
Roof being pulled back off Eric McClure 's car before he is taken away, but is talking per
apparently picked the worst way to go home.
serously y'all what's up with this traffic?
7 min til I'm late.
This isn't looking good lol
So long Canada.
ahaahah i just want to scream
U know what I wish?
I wish I had a better way to express my feelings towards u.
TheSyncMag comin back n a big way.
R u Indie u should b submit ur music now send album covers/photos
ireallywant to know God more.
When it comes to being lucky, he's cursed.3
Decorating my parents car tomorrow!
NeedTheseTickets!
Ground breaking planned next month for Business School's Tata Hall.
Tata Hall will house Executive education programs.
it's a small price to pay for all that great LA weather and talent
she not at school and I don't have her number
Oh joy, local TV station is rerunning 10pm newscast.
Nothing like dated news to start my day.
Thanks for including us in your morning!
You guys are always a pleasure!
Guess who has an exclusive interview with the Winner of FashionStar tomorrow!!
definitely!
She's too fine to get messed up by thatman.
: Dear ronda rousey RUN AWAY Strikeforce
Thanks for the motivation.
We hope that it will work as planned.
I think the funding is going to be the key factor  follow us to...
No online poker anymore.
All of us fat guys got off our asses!
you?
are full of shit :D
RT : I'm just trying to change the world, one sequin at a time.
Lady Gaga
RT : Facebook Places missed the boat, they don't reward check ins like Foursquare  C21GC
is unbelievable!
Any time of the day anywhere...they take care of my dog when I can't!
delete away!!
To teach is to learn.
Debating on ordering this pizza or not...
Dynamic Heating and Cooling!!!
We guarantee an excellent job in a very fair price
Final at 8:30 and cannot sleep 
THERE'S AN ALLPET YOUTUBE?!
WHY AM I JUST NOW doctorNKENLY HEARING OF THIS
lol i dont even post on here really.
Just like reading what people say.
Like finley that he is a good player and can catch
Listen to :
That just pissed me off...
Always happens
oh, most definitely.
I'd hate for you to get sunburned...
Anywhere.
:P
will do!
Getting ready to board my Philly to Columbus flight with a li'l layover in Atlanta.
Thankful to be heading to my family.
doctornk a ton of CraftBeer of course
Heading to RedoctorbbonAffair to benefit Madison AIDS Network  they do incredible work for our community!
Welcome to the nickasaurfamily !!!
I like that picture btw:
good morning camas wa
Follow Back :
Done trying to be nice to people that can't even show you the respect to be nice to you.
Yayyyyy!!!!!!
got 15,010 followers!
thank you ryan fans and lovers!
It looks great :
Lou Holtz of Notre Dame coaching fame and ESPN analyst is apparently considering a run for Congress
222 Thanks a lot People.
:
when do you have time to chat I'd love to hear about your idea
so glad you were there!
RT just watched film.
I enjoyed it.
Very touching.
Badger fans!
Former Wisconsin QB Russell Wilson is now on Twitter!
Give him a follow:
Maxwell house
please help me i need follows me
RT : Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in doctorams than the imagination when awake?
Da Vinci
SeaQuest!
My teenage favorite!!
i'm into it.
Oh you received a K in marketing on Klout?
ACTIVATE SUPERUNFOLLOW.
3 finals in one day is really not ideal.
When i tell you that I care about you, its only because I am to scared to say i love you.
Yeahh!
Lol so what's your name?
:
So sad about Whitney Houston's passing.
I'm praying for her family and I'm glad I had the opportunity to perform with her.
R.I.P.
Whitney.
OneWordThatDescribesMe hardworking
hmmph.
I have a stalker from Colorado.
Im convinced they are my anons.
Business Insider is still politically bright blue.
When they are intent on broadcasting today's Obama talking points, I am ready to bail.
About to head in2 Facebook bootcamp for marketers 2day.
Topic is ads.
Have been doing them a while, but maybe there'll be something new.
omg like.....fruit loops?!?!
your below my level
notice you said church folk lol but the real saints will get that and RT it!!
EFF YOU BELLY RING.
HURTING ME AND ISH
RT : I myself do nothing.
The Holy Spirit accomplishes all through me.
We are but vessels created for His will and purpose 3
Hopefully never have to hear any more of the Tebow bullshit again.
I always want more....
Oh, I knew THAT.
I was just vexed by the existence of the site.
Guess I should work on my fucking grammar!!!!!!
OMG!!!
Just remember, after a storm the sun is just waiting to come out again.
It can't rain forever.
So what did you think about the part in the elevator?
What was the dynamic between him and her at that moment?
Michelle Williams is my bestdoctorssed I love the color!
People say video games make you violent, well...
does monopoly make you a millionaire?
Ungrateful bitch
Last minute cake shopping since my friend forgot to buy the birthday cake
The Superbowl commercial from Honda that you didn't see!
dippitydip 
Time for that napflow!
are you avail Saturdays in Feb?
I'm hosting a food truck festival event and looking for several trucks!
: 
Yes, and thank you very much!
Happy Mothers Day mama!3
We'd love to have you here.
Contact Transfer Specialist, Ryan Bench, 7154253500 or for details.
Great to hear the candidates fight over who is most prolife.
Can't wait to hear this argument taken to proabortion Obama.
Instagram just followed like fifty random people for me.......
Know how you know a spot has run a lot during the NCAA Tournament?
His older brothers are calling our 2 yr old WeGo  thanks AB
Talking to a friend that I haven't talked to in a long time: I've missed her in my life!
TrueFriends3
If someone you like likes you and you like them, what's stopping you from being together?
Found a new blog for yummy recipes via
You're all doing some of your best work right now.
: dalai lama tomorrow!
Can't go back.
Can't go home.
Though you've been told anything goes when everything's gone.
You risk it all.
Everyone posting their Gifs on Gifboom makes me want to throw my blackberry away  get an iPhone!
Nothing ever did work out for you and me.
I should've expected it..
I hit the ball great, but probably had 8 3putts!
Haha solid
YES!
It's adorable!
: can't wait for HootFest2012!
Have fun performing 3
We didn't realize you had a little guy, too!
tweens/teens!
hey do you have a plan b if it dosent rain so we dont waste a day?
thats 5 points from 5 other players at minimum...not that hard...it's about the D...need to play harder...to much lacking last game
Wow, the chicory coffee and beignets at Bayou Bakery in Arlington really are as good as everyone says.
More, please.
So i Turn on the tv,  they showin this soft ass porn
Raising kids is part joy and part guerrilla warfare.
Ed Asner Which are the gorillas?
Exactly....I love how I get pulled into something I left more than a year ago...FOR A REASON.
so quad lunch/full doctornk day together this weekend?
Maybe well have more luck makin a plan on twitta :
notquitecharleston but I still would never leave.
Its country and southern enough for me.
thanks for the promo!
Show was awesome.
Let's run into each other again
run the million windows apps in parallels
FF round the world rtw11 trip contest sponsor of week 2!
I'm Peeta and you know it!
Why is my dad watching women's college bowling..?..lmao..didn't even know that played on espn..
Getting it done!
How are you?I was wrong about weather.
If I get cold and rain without 100 mph storms, then I am fine in Baltimore.
Yuh there yet keep me posted kk
doctorw Brees still got it!!!
Nice doctorve and TD by the Saints!!!
Possibly in Chesterfield, but was easier 2 park  Lambert!
This was pre 911 when there were  restrictions.
With my sweet boyfriend tomorrow.: 3
mla2011 will there be an app for the conference ?
Just posted Mylan's official response to recent Epipen ad on The Allergist Mom Facebook page.
Check it out!
They will pull the ad!
sounds great!
Keep in touch on it.
I'm over here getting all excited by myself...
It's not as fun like that haha.
Wrigley keeps looking at me crazy
Teacher: Give me an exp of something expands in heat and contracts in cold Student: Summer break 10 weeks, winter break 2 weeks Teacher: ...
Jack I found you!
: A while ago but I decided to say it now.
:
Last song i wanted to hear by a live singer in bar  universial is rockytop.
play some ac/dc man
Girl you're my angel you're my darlinnn angel closer than my peeps you are to me  
The other half of my thought is u only charge the consumer the 20 up front.
The other 30 goes directly to biz day of service.
Your brain is most creative in your sleep..
In the sleep state the brain thinks much more visually and intuitively..
I accomplish that awake
Red white and blue...
All day long
I see you and Kemba doing you're thing!
Congrats on the win bro!
lets meet up!!!
wondering why more conventions aren't asking us about our FREE stuff for show promoters
haha I am looking more for Kardashian/SJParker scoop haha THANKS you're the best :
I thought about it but I saw someone do that and lose it all
don't do it.
RT : From a sevenyear old This place is like a church, but with inappropriate pictures!
stop being mean to her!
Shes standing up for her so stfu cause your hate ovbs isnt welcome here.
Cathryn Carson: How will we adapt UC Berkeley social sciences institution to big data era?
Bravo to Fox5sandiego for apparently snagging KTLA's best reporter: JamieChambers.
Loved his Dad...
well why not?!
Way cute...makes you want to take him/her home with you, doesn't it?
RT : If u r considering tossing your hat in the ring for a big opportunity, even if it seems like a stretch, do it.
No problem, but you need to follow me for me to send the DM.
that could be a good thing or a bad thing lol
RT : it's all fun and games until your online home gets hacked!
// I practice selfhacking
Are you a better coach/player today than you were yesterday?
What sport do you participate in to help you with cardio?

Scorpio is where it's at.
But it seems like that isnt going to happen anytime soon.
Thanks!
It's a beautiful day to be outside.
I'm in such a good mood today :
Finally broke the knitting needles out and getting ready to knit a bulky silver  white hat and top it off with the world's biggest
thanksyou tooSarah!
So for this Saturday, I'm having a dilemma about which Cauldoctorn scarf to bring to the game.
To what are they referring?

hawaiin punch use to be the shit
time to say goodnight to a good day.
sleep tight.
:
well why else would they be taking to you
u said sum nasty lol
I can be so lazy when I want to be, but when I feel like it, I can really like run a mile.
My pleasure!
I feel the pain in my hometown everywhere I go never knew how close Kokomo was too me but it's a lot closer/deeper than I thought!
don't know yet
.
we've been deeply pondering loyalty...
: My Verse  : Thanks, Donald.no problem girlie...
We are getting excited for ReadAPalooza on April 28th with our friends Are you going?
Where in heaven's name is Hip Hop going???
Morning Tweets
fashion fades, style is eternal
Will do!
Having an intense thunder storm right now but hopefully will pass soon.
Gracias!
Advil is for women, I'll have some red wine instead  on how to deal with lower back pain the manly way.
glad we could hang out and catch up yesterday.
We'll have to do it again soon!
Nothing changes,if nothing changes.
Thanks Mary Watson, another great coaching session.
We really have the best followers.
So much support and encouragement from the paranormal research field.
:
She left her man for that Get Right
most definitely!
Keep sending the choons our way!!
:
UofL having to work awfully hard to get looks early
Let's get a win tonight celtics...
We at Barcast are feeling a triple double from Rondo!!!!
That moment when u just wanna write a paragraph to someone wanting to tell them how u feel and then u just think its not a good idea
Looking forward to your tweets.
I've been reading your blog via doctor
: Not surprised, but disgusted that the First Lady was booed at NASCAR.
Indubitably.
you need to start a Tumblr picblog called Look At This Fuckin' Cop!
Still had enough to get the Double Play though!!
Like the shoe news LA.
show no mercy to Gov'ner Prick Perry
JULIET SIMMS 33333 cant explain how happy and excited and proud i am of
so do i!
Cuz i miss your loud/crazy self!!
One of the hardest things you'll ever have to do is to stop loving someone because they've stopped loving you.
I want to pop a bottle of expense champagne and spray it everywhere 
Price doctorp: SkySafari 3 Plus
Omg  if anyone is depressed dm me and I'll help you I'll keep it private please people don't slit your wrists it won't help!!
how long you up there for pimpin?
Great message from !!!
Glad all went well!!
Seeing watermelon being stacked at the grocery store will never look the same after this week's show.
Thanks 
Don't mind if we do!
RT Take a break from all that shopping  it's lunch time and the plancha is hot!
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
Registration for THATCamp Philly is now closed!
Look for an email regarding your status by the end of the day on Monday!
Another lib just contacted me about starting a LibraryYOU.
I envision a time when Google search results are full of librarycreated content!
last week for Rosemary fries.
Watching marley and me
Classic vanity play is buying a magazine/newspaper: Facebook cofounder Chris Hughes buys majority stake in New Republic...
I just wanna crawl back into bed...
/:
Good morning friends, our wifi is crusin and we are on the interwebs highway to see what's going on?
Any good news you'd like to share?

Trying to reach a client in Scotland before my day gets going and his day ends.
lol I will
Starting today we'll tell the story my way.
The King of Imperfection takes back the Prince of Mistakes.
Lotus jumpin tonight
Guess who has an apartment for next year?
!
WOOOOH!
Interesting licensing play sportsbiz MT : Your favorite Player's Twitter Name  Number Tshirts.
Coming soon
should play with me sometime :
I coulda sworn he told everybody he was single 00
I love rumors!
I found out stuff about myself not even I knew.
Just made a presentation with a NARB
If I get one more recommendation to follow Ryan Seacrest I'm going to punch my screen.
Morning, Tim.
Please pass the pot of coffee to me when you have filled your cup!
Loving my new professorle pic  the guy that I am so proud
The point makes is that white women often ignore, obviously, the needs of women of color.
follow back please I need to DM you something :
theNoster123 on YouTube
peace judy.
teammiami him take it all the way.
A timetraveling robot monkey seeks to avenge his daughter's death by uncovering a mysterious conspiracy.
Plus ghosts and aliens.
I just wanted to say...
I love you..
lmao jk.
did you see that clippers and grizzles game hoe?
mister Brown saved my life3
Currently obsessing over sea salt.
Want to make sauted spring veggies with olive oil and sea salt.
I believe that one day I'm gonna be noticed by No matter how hard it is, I will always
And this is why he should just save himself time and more heartache an just pick one of us!
I hope today is tomorrow.
Good, cause I'm gon' take you out and accidentally leave my wallet home.
Perfect shitfaced mick music!
Touch it gently put two fingers inside if it's wide use three fingers make sure it's wet and rub up and down.
Yep that's how you wash a cup
theElbow heard 'round the metta world.
eleventybillion RT : I guess you could say Joe Ricketts's chickens have come hoome to roost
Cant wait to watch the hunger game.
:
thank you!
Seeing Leah cry breaks my heart.
Current soundtrack: Balmorhea, Steerage  the Lamp
Great location for tedxhuntsville  and bonus...free wifi
hahaha nevermind found it....You genius you!!!!
ehh idk.
i think i wanna take himynameisjenna back.
Our new album will be available in 16 days via WIN
It's Official!
Urban Meyer is a Buckeye...looks like another 7 year doctorught for scUM!
Nights like this are why I'm happy I get paid hourly.
I'm I'm love with
CNN's Mattingly talking about NC OBX yet CNN showing pix of Bahamas  MISLEADING at best.
Show NC, not Nassau!
thanks for follow!
Team Majmoo likes to personally thank our 400th and 401st Facebook Family member, Ali Algalham and Sadiyah Ahmed.
Thank you and Welcome!
I saw a Fox10 SUV at my apartment complex on the north side of town off of Carefree Hwy and the 17.Where can I find the story?
All bow to the mighty Space Needle.
It is 50 years old today.
Sacrifices of small, used doctorg needles welcome.
Just did an interview on NY1 and touched on how narrow language marketing formulas hurt Latino producers.
Hopefully they won't cut that!
Surrender has a amazing crowd tonight!
Come check us out only
that doesn't bother me as much as feet, though it it lame.
Not everything is a Corona commercial.
OMG my sister is Only 12 and literally she loves you like crazy!!
She thinks UR HOT
Sure, let's do it :
ugh i can't i have to head straight to Boston : maybe sometime early next week?
when tonight?
Myself.
There is no certainty about anything else.
love your instagrams!
Someone's about to get  
i would rather live with him than die with him c:
Reading  studying her scene construction.
Not a wasted scene anywhere  the different POVs she uses really work
hell yeah my nigga
Has it been a long week for anyone else?
Stop by The Upstairs for happy hour tonight, 58pm, we'll take care of you.
: Long overdue RT The oped I wrote for the You Don't Know Che gwu gwpatriot.com/2012/02/03/you
Idk bro imma check it when i get off.
They was good yesterday i got the whole thing on my phone.
Finally on twitter beautiful lol.
Haha
I went out w/him 2x  nothing.
All I wanted to do was flee when I was on the dates.
Hello, keep up the good work.
you need an att phone
Today's leaders cannot afford to have blind spots in their world view.
Thanks for the
lol it seems to happen alot :/ my poor brain :P
Poor life choices?
Right there with you.
3 more followers until the 500 mark whose it gonna be?
Guess who's volunteering at a bingo night instead of going to the regional chamopionship bball game...
this girl :
girl u better come next time we have adventures!!
RT : Stigma is combated by standing up and talking about reality.
Knowledge dispels fear and thus stigma.
lastfridayof2011 I will be watching and play Almost NYE in
all 1 of them?
I must be the most curious person ever b/c I have a barrel full of dead cats.
If I didn't work in a strip club I'd be the larger version of
Watching the KU game from our seats in the at Ready for to kick some ass!
hmm isn't tweeting about the Devils game?
Her phone must be dead.
cc:
Lethal Weapon was not the lighthearted romp I thought it was going to be.
Liberty City for Obama meeting today at 3pm.
Contact me for details.
Thank you!!!
new song by THEGOODS silversky debuting right now on the tune in!
Thanks for making smisterboot happen!
Such a great opportunity to put faces to names across USM.
Headache still here..
Gonna try these meds one more time..
Back to sleep for me..
i just wanna send out a big thank you to the people who recently followed me.
I haven't gotten on in a while
come get it
You're so sexist!
Haha!
RT But I'm not a man..women shouldn't have to wear ties!
You are very welcome.
You have a great one too!
I hate it when people say oh?
like I never give you an oh answer when I'm IMing you or texting you :c so then dont do it to me!
Definitely going to be a big day, stop by our booth near registration RT Gotta get my sleep before Innotech tomorrow.
Big day!
Last night was to fun : sleepinn on  of till work at 3 !
Then uk wasssuppp after ;
ENRAPTURED BY THE RHAPSODY
Just finished speaking at the SD 8 and 9 conventions.
Great people working together for a brighter future for all Texans.
Death to people that go to the Market and get in the 10 items or less line with more than 10 things !!!
I love Marisela!
Where is gopclownshow online?
Seems like news leader thinks: HANDPICKED soundbites  FULL debate
hey enough of that lol should see me shut it down Friday
?
to all mom's out there: Did you a feeling or where you feeling a certain way the day you went into labor?
Would love to know.
Working on my last term paper ever...till I get into graduate school, heh.
hahaha oh girl trust Me your not!
I'm like Always awake;
great game.
Should have been a PK.
Had the opportunities to win the game....came up short.
7 game Lin streak ends in an L...
got bitches galore.
Good luck to my babes tonight!
They are gonna win the Brits.
I just know it!
: x
Besides Rob, most famous Wisconsin Rapids resident  Dick Trickle.
didn't do well in duplicate bridge today.
wish i could blame it all on the cards.
Musical word of the day: doit: jazz term referring to a note that slides to an indefinite pitch chromatically upwards
I don't wanna leave here..
ever.
we already did 
No kidding....
but it makes me hopeful for other things....
:
Love is selfless people!
Ready for husband to be home.
I miss his guts.
I need to stop listening to such sappy music.
'The Blower's Daughter'  Damien Rice cont
I can't.
Yet.
But I do have the receipts for all my equipment  travel/food back and forth to SC.
RT : Did you just say Madness?
This is SPARRTTTAAAHHH!!!!!
Let's go!
Who still has a blackberry and I don't have ur pin?!
hey!
When are you coming home??
I have two weeks off.
iwillhaveisabellatime!
Whoa, I was just there an hour ago.
RT : 3alarm fire at HaightFillmore in SF where a building w/ a Walgreens and apts is burning.
true!
But she'll probably understand when we talk to her!
How could anyone forget you and your awesome ties?
;
...but can you dunk like him???
If you have a doctoram, give it a chance to happen.
Richard M.
DeVos
well that's what I like to hear!!
lets keep it that way : so which song is your favorite so far?
very true taught us some powerful things today at her workshop.
We were lucky to be able to host it!
Meet Carl Landoctor of the and sign up for his basketball camp!
Carl will be at Pinkberry Mandeville Saturday, June 2nd from 2pm4pm
Now every body smashing for the cash Jack.......
lol
In just a moment, everything can change forever
I found out that Im getting the Ipad2 next month!!
33 IM SO EXCITED.
happy birthday bro
Why do the disenfranchised always need to worry about funding for housing, meals and other services?
Not fair!
WithoutHS ?
nice im from Milwaukee Wisconsin, go packers lol
Another patriots win in week 16.
Life is good...
Thank you !
yes!
it is going to be like my tweet stream only better with commentary and such!
:
Do ya thang, sign yo signature
Can we make it to 500 followers today?
If we do we'll pick 1 lucky follower to win 10 in doctorving credit.
RT and follow by 3pm to enter!
who is wasting there time trying to replace you?
waiting to get my haircut while sitting next someone who obviously didnt brush their teeth today
where is yours?
What are the truths?
going into old navy for a minute.
Take your time.
I'm trying to work and my eyes keep shutting.
I feel sick
Mom: I'm too tired to bake.
Me:What are you going to bake?
Mom:A penis cake.
Me:For a bridal shower?
Mom:Yes.
Me:Oh thank god.
DOW hits 11K first time since May
During church this morning the only thing that was going on through my head was the song Taylor gang by
really?
Didn't know that was the reality for black dogs...what is the reason?
favorite TV show of all time?
Hooray!
Congrats on the huge new job!!
Excited to have you!
Hope you have a great time in Austin at SXSWedu in March.
Good luck with your panel!
Off 2 Senate 2 testify bout business lending challenges.
Ok kidding but I am heading 3 IFASBLS to be a panelist  talk bout these issues.
:
feminism offered us two things: fatter dolls and an end to traditional gender roles
I have strep throat :
When my phone is almost dead, and I have to turn it off all day to save some battery to call my mom after track practice 
This super moon is super awesome
When you cease to doctoram you cease to live.
Malcolm Forbes
Odd Future
I promise you will.
Philisms rock!!
: Ducks are a lot like women, they don't like mud on their butts  Phil Robertson
New deerskin Kinco gloves smell like rodeo season hence the Garth Brooks on my pandora...
RT MMchat Shawn Roberts of joins us on Understanding Different Methods of Influence Measurement
I look disgusting  it looked okay until I tweeted it..
It's about to storm here in Stephenville!
Let's take shelter at Bostocks!
The beer is flowing!
We go on around 10 ;
: We are proud to introduces A Lesser Hope to our Sancrosanct Family.
They are a great metal band.
Show them love!
Join me at Weldin Hall on Thursday Feb 16th to chat about Snooki and her friends at a Jersey Shore Viewing and Discussion with professor...
CONGRATULATIONS!
I wanted a longer fight than the last fight and you gave it to US.
PEACE
Birthday shout out to !
working on a project :/
35 is the most up to date number from police
did u go there?
who would expect u to apologize for that?
itd b like apologizing for tweeting about the pack!
what the hell?!!
It should be and tag teaming.
Not that hoski
And do it with some kind of brush that doesn't judge you.
goes to the Jets.
With the offseason the Fins have had, this will really test
Poor pumpkin.
:
That sounds fun!
:
never seen anything like that ever!!
my grandpops play for the celtics
I am up to 401 today.
Better watch out Aaron.
:
Thanks so much  your support is very much appreciated!!
This is a perfect day to be outside.
Im in need of a doctornk.
And I want these taxes to be done.
Portlanders need to take advantage of this
If one day everyone decided they had all the Tshirts they would ever need, would the French Quarter survive?
RT : shoutout to the hospitality from at the step show right now!
you rebel, you!
When are you coming to the Knicks?
Can't wait to see you swishing down threes!!
giving away a free photo session at 200 likes..
tell your people!
Virgil They can conquer who believe they can.
Chilling watching family feud.
Honor thy error as a hidden intention.
2 weeks seems like long time for Hacked site.
Could there be another reason TPT is down?
Trust me it doesn't take that long.
Are we aware of what our cleaning products contain?
LOC and SA8 is the absolute best for cleaning everything and washing your clothes
FF ; GO FOLLOW HER TIRED ASS!
She will listen to your story and make y our smile every step of the way.
teddy shotstoli orange, raspberry liquor, soda water and sprite.
named after a bartender at mcfaddens.
love it!!
Take my belt off , Bitch im pootie tang .
Thanks for swapping your crappy MD90s into the SFO to MSP route.
These planes need to be mothballed.
Thanks for the retweet!
best place to find your job  joborworker.com
Yaaaaooooow !
Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19 
Wow...
That bunt had all the makings of a triple play...
Damn.
This year, learn exactly how to handle your home improvement goals of any sizethe right, safe, successful, affordable way...
JEje it was Hilarious but too CUTE!
RT : Kudos to business and executive coach Larry Laswell on presentation at // So agree!
He didn't disappoint!
Very true!!
Loving your blog, very informative...even for us nonpaleo people out there.
But I'm slowly starting to try paleo.
Hey, sent you an email re project work, thanks
is that east or west coast time?
and now, Eric Burdon  Bruce sez he stole every song from this guy.
Gettin me a loud package of SALAD!!
There is a question on HAL about Typo3.
I haven't heard or used this.
Has anyone else?
..Leave his friends, so he can think..
' I'm moving from my friends miles away, but my mahomies always support me'
A: That connectivity is great for the community because all of that information can be transferred.
Our specials are almost as amazing as we are.
If you present yourself to me in the nude, I'm gonna gawk at ur junk.
Can't help it.
Don't look at me like I'm a perv.
YOU are the perv
Agreebird should be a game called agreebitch
SO COOL.
1 reason, Battle of Gettysburg was over shoes.Lee needed shoes.Many troops walked from AL,NC barefooted .Were almost as poor as slaves.WHY?
Birthday wishes: Kardashian Kollection gift cards from Sears, cash, Big Bang Theory on DVD, and one love.
:
Your announcement envelope is divine.
Hah, you might have to go into a bidding war with Lexi!
love your new show.
All the hosts feel very real to me and not fake.
It's like they are in my kitchen cooking and talking with me
Having dinner at Raisins in downtown Awesome service as always.
Thank you Devils!
Super excited to be doing more writing under Keep an eye out for my stories on
So happy for Melissa Mccarthy!
Just goes to show that bigger women can make it in Hollywood as long as you shit yourself.
I was so annoyed about those same emails from Old Navy, Banana, etc.
too!
Plus iPad, computer, iPhone were going alert crazy!
Love You
Had a twenty minute chat about Snake being a total bad ass.
bench player of the year
: Just ordered the 21 Day Detox from Love u Bob but thats a rip off!!
Don't waste ur money p1s!!
there is a little bit of that too.
He got a couple of carrots ;
thanks for the follow!
Great!
I'll look into it.
...food for thought for green OA only advocates; some publishers will go along only until they see it as significant competition.
FORT MYERS, Fla.
The Boston Globe is reporting that Boston Red Sox catcher and captainin Jason Varitek has decided to retire.
I am really starting to feel like there is some real hatred towards The Lakers in the league office.
I honestly have a perfect life.
An amazing bf that would do anything for me, an awesome/caring family  bad ass friends.
Love you all 3
If you spend too long holding on to the one who treats you like an option, youll miss finding someone who treats you like a priority.
Looking forward to Friday more  more
you can do as you please
Any chance to tape something with you this afternoon for Yahoo Sports Radio?Please follow and DM if you are available
ppl always trying to kick knowledge
RT  I tune into Lingerie Football and I see an RB break two tackles.The miami dolphins should give her a call.
Give them two...
They genuinely don't care.
Maybe I need to use a bigger font?
Just put my bed room set on layway
yep, change the Tax Code, my family SURELY needs a BREAK!
In advance of Badgers game, Vanderbilt's John Jenkins has hit more 3pointers than any other player in country.
Next highest is 116.
before he loved me, I was FSUs ..
now the opposite: I love him, and he ...
ok..
Then it smells good :D
well shit you don't act your age which is a good thing keepin ne rollin lol
thanks !
for the s/o!

Happy Birthday!!
Hope it's filled with good doctornks, good food, and good people.
Thanks!
Let me know if you guys ever make thru FL again
Is it really an acceptance if a reviewer says: given the flatness of some of the other submissions, I couldn't turn this one down.
yall im serious i seriously take the time to folow and write on my busy schedule on fb too
Ditto 5 games Sat.
and 2 on Sunday.
I think an investigation is warranted simply to maintain the integrity of amateur sports.
Not sure if any violations
I'll have to ask my mum but probably :!
TY 2 all my new fans over the past weeks, I'm honored by your interest!
As always, I'd love your feedback on our money saving application!
You are evil!
Peter Chen is at Enterprise Data World
Achievement brings its own anticlimax.
I can't wait for Vampires Suck:D
SOPA had officially been sent to be redoctorfted Watch out for pitfalls in the new version of the legislation and keep fighting the good fight!
So the doctorfted Nick Toon?
If he has a kid, will he also name him Nick so he can be Nick, Jr.
I can hear the fans now.
TON!
It's not a rumor y'all TgT is gonna be in the studio all this week to start their new album as a group!
I am convinced that most, it not all, bigotry, hate,  discrimination is rooted in religious beliefs, based on a freaking flawed book!
Subscribe to our text alerts and be entered to win 2 FREE tickets to STAND Up For BASE Camp.
Simply text BCNEWS to 27138.
lol I haven't watched it
GET ONE.
i once envied the lives of rap stars.
then i got twitter.
The forensic report and the MJS article both took great pains to point out I did not do any blogging.
Pure retaliation.
Watching Family Guy
I guess I'll find out tomorrow.
The group they had now with Sedano was really good to me b/c it resembled the afternoon show.
not even gonna say anything
class acts!!!
yeah buddy
I haven't woken up at 6 AM in forever.
This effing blows.
I kept applying to scholarships even when I was in college!
Every dollar counts these days
The kid also spends 5 hours a day trying to successfully land an ollie on his skateboard.
R.I.P
why dont you follow me maybe?
i want Micky to follow me and Dan and Greg haha I LOVE YOU ALL!!!!
i fancy...
Great visit with family.
I miss everyone  have to do this more often  not let life get in the way.
Lots of laughing and remembering.
Just discovered the adorable and his YouTube videos.
Adorable!
Got it.
Replying now.
I decided to name my spider Harold after a suggestion from He does seem less threatening!
is it true you guys are taking off 1250?
say it isn't so?!
I had not seen it, but I have now.
Thanks for sharing the link!
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
did you say steak?
CONGRATS !!!
Woo.
Still want to check out
Midnight showings of Dark Shadows?
There's going to be like 4 people at those...
Orlando is killin the Hawks
My cat naps alot.
I'd better research oxygen, it's in the air after all.
Oops!!
Google decided to show me oxycontin instead!
Wow.
hahah definitely worth it.
Keep your passwords organized and in one place with our new Internet Password Book available now
It's all about the art and artists.
WMMB  build lists by encouraging sharing.
Strict list hygiene, trusted sender reputation, clean coding  keys 2 success.
Our normal Fall Semester Hours will start on Monday, 9/19/2011.
ICantStandPeople who play with people's heart.
In Boston!
Fuck this world  fuck this place.
Ishikawa is truly awful.
Just a fastball, right down the middle.
RT we gonna doctorss you like pro from ya head to ya toe!!!!
Tell them handsome Jimmy sent ya baby!
omg I'm inlove with you 3333
Happy mothers day babe : xoxo 
i have 19 days of skool left!!
I have to read a book, and do a project by the 12th!
Oo that's gone be a BADGRADE!
hahah!
Working on sound design support for my VST Instrument.
there for the marlins but they are still in the middle of their game!
won't get their till at least third.
Bet you wish you stocked up on some parm crisps to hunker down with for the storm.
Be safe and take care!
Allen pointing out what he says are inaccurate comments from Sugarland PR rep, accuses him of injecting religion into comments
yes saira i bought her literal shit
ifuwantsomething out of life itself sometimes its just better if u go out and get on your own follow me and i will follow u rite back!
About to see Inception at The Big Picture; all set for a good Saturday night.
lol nvm i see haha ppl know what i mean doe shit
Once, in 1998, I read a website's terms and conditions page
Big hat, no cattle.
I'll take it into consideration, but I haven't had any other offers that i'd take yet.
So you have it as it stands now.
Up all night!
Okay I love it here.
In order 2 discover the gold in ur organization, u have 2 be willing 2 shake the pand.blowers.
Quote used this am 4 my keynote intro :
When ugly people have your name 
47 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
: And I'm bustin back so niggas in a glass house should not throw stones
I believe we need to unhinge ourselves from the pickme mentality in general.
How does a big corp legitimize earnest effort?
View your own desktop while sharing your desktop to see what others are seeing
Correction: 1995 admissions data.
I'm sure I'll run into you soon enough :
indeed, Happy Mother's Day!
AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE!
AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE!
AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE!
AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE!
AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE!
I learned to swim in the east river
I love coincidences
The word Jazz is a slang term that at one point referred to a sexual act InSpotter app
you need a lift man?
super nice to connect with you..went to Guilford College for undergrad..fond memories of Greensboro
Let it snow, let it snow, let it...but not like last year, please God.
Chinese megacities average 293 books per 100 people.
I wonder what Chicago's books per capita is.
Justin's Hair is Swaggie, Justin's style is Epic, Justin's songs are Inspiring, Justin's body is Sexy and Justin's Voice is Flawless :
sad day in the neighborhood.
I met a kid today who has two moms.
He kept telling me you the man
I'm thinking I'm my own worst enemy.
ok!
We should find a time in the next couple of weeks!
I have a work conference this weekend so hopefully no 530 gym times!
Security threat grounds plane at ABQ Sunport.
One person is in custody.
More info on www.krqe.com.
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend!
Call us today for a free quote!
702.258.1995 :
RT nah sell out mi friend dem
So TRUE!
Be strong and stay in prayer!
Love S'Mac Mac and Cheese!
Favorite winter meal
Can't believe I have just read on facebook yaaay got 1D tickets, naaat there overated OVERATED?
They will never be rated!
damn I thought you where 16 already
so the rapture is happening on Saturday taking all the Christians away, hmm, I don't see a downside
Working on my PLN
Follow TRAK Records and Library for all of our opportunities nationwide!
Check out Away the 1 single prerelease from NEMESYS.
Featured on full length album Here and After coming soon!!!
www.nemesysband.com
does it smell like a dirty diaper and is anybody wailing?
Thanks for spreading the word about Monday Night Live with cast performances on Monday, July 25!
Why did CharlesBarkley agree to do doctorg for a Weight Watchers commercial?
Heard some shocking and disturbing news about a former friend tonight.
Cannot sleep for thinking about it.
I think I'm probably a bit much
: Gotta pick it up for the game tomorrow teamtofer AllAmerica first team starting left forward
I just checked in on TouchTunes at Nuzback's Bar .
The amount of a monthly payment that you are comfortable with is much more important than how much you can qualify for.
why do hoes always gotta talk shit about an ex that just really makes you fake cause you didnt say how you really felt when you were with em
lol, yes, we all know I'm a make out queen.
king?
something
Now i have 9 followers wtf can any one help me get more?
maybe?....
don't have to be when their introduced...could be more elaborate though out the plot
is our 2,000th Follower!
THANKS!!
only been to paris for a day during a layover, so not really.
My only suggestion is to make dinner reservations NOW.
Even bistros
And I feel your pain.
A music box to catch your tears
Woah, I won the Spanish lottery and am getting paid for Nigerian contract work, both in the same day!
Will wonders never cease.
:
did you get cut...color, or both?
I missed my cut on Wed...have to wait till next week.
Ugh.
Did Sweetpea survive finals?
:
Headache xx , finna burn one and go to sleep..
Can u please follow us?
All the best to you, and thanks for the great work you've done for Madison/the state!
Found my happy place, y'all.
My next project will be called
Good Job!
: Keep up the good work!
RT Down 10.5lbs since Monday.
Feeling pretty happy with myself so far.
none of you girls better be messing with my cow suit hahaha ill fuck yall up
Thanks for the mention!
Will be creating a CC Case Study for THEY CALL US /ANIMALS/ on your Wiki.
Really glad I decided to pick up a pair of Vibram 5Finger Shoes!

RT : I get to do 4/20 lol this should be fun!!
Can we get you on the show tomorrow talking MCBW??
I.
Am.
A.
Fucking.
Cosmetologist.
Not.
A.
Nail.
Tech.
Hi Marcie, I've just always liked motorcycles, and now that I'm older I like older motorcycles.
Hope you have a good day!
just one though?
Just listened to the new Thrice song Yellow Belly It rocks!
Stoked for the new album Major/Minor Sept 20
Merry Christmas everyone!
Anxiously watching updates hoping for random weeknight show within 6 hr doctorve of Atlanta April 2225 perhaps?
:
still in shock over this rotation RT : Phillies announce Lee's fiveyear deal  and say he will wear No.
33.
thanks for the follow!
Love your org's mission!
I will
we'll see.
he can def.
get about his help D but i can't see him ever not being a PnR liability.
guess we'll see
I'm hungry, I'm tired, I'm extremely irritable and I just want to turn my brain off
Good!
Me too.
First ever so it should be exciting.
You joined the pool of potential dirs, yes?
Thanks for that!
im in new orleans .
People on these shows are ridiculously interesting.
How is this possible?
lmao why they do that!
Still hate rockband.
ooh, cool!
: coincidence!!
:D
you ain't lying.
I hate it there
S/0 coming to Alaska next month for word2thewize5 gonna be dope!!
Do you know Liams twitter?
hahaha twitter doesn't like our friendship
Like the Black Eyed Peas sang, Where is the Love?
for Alshon Jeffery from NFL decision makers?
A.J.
Green really?
AJ GREEN?
Busy busy busy.
I'm currently in PHX, was in vegas two days ago and won't get back to PDX for another week.
How you doin?
hey what's up
Energized and ready for the day
me and would like to know why you put !!!
After every single tweet??
Am I the only one who gets excited when my favorite person from YouTube retweets my stuff?
Just me?
Oh okay.
lol yup...a try it out yu nuh.
I'm good how about you?
How funny!
I was gonna start wrapping my cupcake boxes n bowes too!
GreatBakersThinkAlike lol
On my way to CrossFit!
Yep...there may be an addiction.
i'm currently playing words with friends with saavadoctor lol yolo
we gotta do paintball sometime.
I haven't played in years
lol so true
Worry less, smile more.
Accept criticism, take responsibility.
Listen and love.
Don't hate.
Embrace Change and Feel good ANYWAY.
Well Since It's A Commercial I'll Finish This Paper.
never heard end of bird story.
Did ya get it or is there a Hitchcock thing going on in the RG?
I need to know  I'm headed in.
So...
characters BioWare charges for should not be cool?
Thank you!
How about an annoying coworker is being annoying?
:
I really hope Hannah tells us how many texts she gets.
salmonfishinginyemen Good film with the handsome but slightly befuddled ewanmcgregor and his charming Scottish brogue!
God, I'd sleep with her any day!
If i wasn't married.
or at least a dog ...
lol nope, just diseased :
I agree the reason when it all board down is dudes aint ready to commit like they say they do .afraid of some good
Building for Energy EfficiencyAre the Savings Worth the Investment?
The Data Center Journal
RT if you love your mexican acons!
:
I just hash tagged on fb.
Complain all you want ;
Congratulations QUgrads12!
We are proud of you!
haha I wish I had that privilege!
I have an exam tomorrow in 8 hours

Walmart checker: so these are like undies, but they keep you doctor?
No need to powder the donuts then.
I'm Done.
SomeoneWhoCan make you laugh so hard you can't breath
I sought the LORD, and he answered me and delivered me from all my fears.
Ps 34
I'm Irritated AF /:
good here, thanks!
where are you?
You need to get back to Htown ASAP
I just hear blue by eefiel 65 on the radio.
Wow someone called that in....
What is Glee's sick fascination with wheelchairs?
Success is a Journey, Not a Destination Ben Sweetland
Loved Madonna's half time performance!
sorry!
Rock on!
We HIGHLY recommend you attend this special online class we're doing next week
Looking forward to nea tweets this weekend!
Tired!
I'm going 2 sleep..
Goodbye twitter!
:P
That's what i thought!
Can you beer me now?
cc
Regardless of how hot and steamy a relationship is at first, the passion fades and there had better be something else to take its place!
Thank you.
Let me know when your back Mel.
lol hell yeah everything else is love tho 
Why does everyone hate oatmeal?
If I found a girl that likes oatmeal id marry her.
determined;
Oh, so your definition of Forever was till you found someone Better
Uni is exhausted after day of outreach on the streets of New York.
It is having a family dinner at Lupes 6th/Spring before early bed.
Cheers
Off work where can i have fun at????
whenifirstjoinedtwitter i had no idea how to do anything
I put on different clothes after school and I look better than I usually do, like what the hell happens when I go to school?
Lol
Just got off the plane.
Back from NYC, now on my way to play for Bday bash tonight!!
Detroit tomorrow!
Jukin weekend!
Are we talking jewel case?
And how many pages?
Follow Me Please!?
62
Jon, yes, want to meet up at lunch?
or after?
Keep your umbrellas handy tonight as showers are possible.
Another warm day on tap tomorrow.
night rushers hope i doon't get sick 2night
very bad pic!
YOU WILL FOREVA BE IN THE SAME PLACE AS YOU STARTED IF YOU DONT GRIND!!!
Life is weird.
The Pointe, a luxury condo on the North Shore of Staten Island, has come to market with 1BR  2BR units priced from the 300,000s
Another Free Lock: Spurs5.5
We need not fear anyone turning revival into a marketing scheme to grow their own deal.
God will not grant real revival to Stage Fire
Remember chasing the lights at blockbuster as a kid?
Does mel gibson even have a purpose anymore?
nothing beats
Some1 go to tropical smoothie with me
Happy Holidays from the U.S.
Black Chamber, Inc!
whens the next time you making a trip down here?
I swear, I feel like I have no friends anymore.
Everyone fuckin bugs me.
RT One thing i dont like about roommates,always got company.
Dont like a lot of ppl in my place 24/7
Which lesson?
I'm tired like everyday yet i can never sleep, makes no since to me
Looking forward to it!
RT : HRevolution bringing HR bloggers and practitioners together.
Join us on 10/7.
haha.
You won't be sorry!
She is so lucky, but why does she cry?
open on Thursday at 4:30?
Great movie!
if you live to be 100, i hope i live to be 100 minus 1 day, so i never have to live without you.
And that's why ur always on the bench in crunch time Eddie House...BAD!!!
Oh indeed.
Who is/was your mentor?
How's am I supposed to do that.
Come on, think before you Tweet.
i love it when i have a doctoram where you and fuck...
can it come true?
Nothing better then a lazy afternoon in a pool, with sunshine...We count those days here in Wisconsin
So tired...
damn i hate the bears
Austin!
You should follow me back.
Please?
Pretty please?!
:b
without principles, indeed!
You know we love you back!!!
LifeWouldBeBetter If I were a billionaire BUT SINCE wishing is for armatures I choose to make it happen SEIZE YOUR DAY
LOL..she looks great doesn't she?
Keep the mustache,  it looks great!
My wife won't let me cut mine off.
Not sure why.
Touch my cookies again itll be the end of you.
I've killed for less.
yeahh!
like when i put the link to my blog, it wont let me go to the next step
Thanks for following us !
I wish I had someone to go out to eat with me.
Fair enough!
maybe they are a cat?
doing finalfinal edits on my book.
This will be a quick and easy process since I've already edited, right?
Right?
FF my wonderful boyfriend 3 He's simply the best 3
I would just like to say that is not forever alone, he is forever mine.
bestfriends yes lovers hellyeah partybuddy ?
haha:
lets see How about Giante, we charge him a fee for keeping your photo so long on his Facebook page.
He is Boss status
idk I guess but gonna try dis way yall c
RT When you think about it, Mariah Carey and doctorw Carey don't even look like sister and brother.
Favorite tweet of the day RT : Eagerly anticipating the historical references in Bachmann's first speech in Waterloo, IA.
If you could have two roller coasters in your backyard for you to ride whenever you felt like, which coasters would they be?
Follow me  sexyshanti21 I follow back.
:
Not suddenly...
It's been a long time coming.
sounds like a rave ; I genuinely think I will break all my bones..
Suitcase broke in the parking lot, spewing lacy unmentionables  senior project everywhere.
In the words of , vomit on my life.
That awkward moment when your scuba diving and you see Adele rolling in the deep.
any Florence  the Machine for your Song of the Day?
I love Shake it Out  good for all moods.
me either, she said tell my nephew I want my cut though, straightcashshit ...Lol!!!
7 year old just said TV is good for learning how to give attitude, be a rebel and what conditioner to buy
i thought the pic were real i really cried omg i canot see u get hurt honey i love u somuch please be careful i would die
New recipes every day!
cooking baking foodblog gluten free ideas dessert health dinner ideas
did you guys see Cabin in the Woods?
Ahh I see you are on here!
I am here a lot more now!
I just hate every DB episode it's like a nightmare to watch them !
even if it's during sex?
i found out about this last night!
I TOTS FREAKED OUT!
GYCDoublePlatinum excited for thewantedeptommorw !
oh have fun with that.
I think she's tanning right now.
Omg omg omg omg omg I in Kansas city omg omg omg omg too bad I can't doctorve to go hunt him down .
as publishers, opening up our books  not just for a chapter  creating dynamic digital models  could be great.
im done wit Milwaukee
Apparently she hangs out at hipster bars in Cobble Hill, if you're game.
How to Double Your Productivity In One Week error
placesiwoulddoharrystyles any where.
Any time.
Any place.
ABSOLUTELY can't stop listening to Payphone.
AMAZING!
I never thought id say it..
But Pauly D you gotta stop tanning.
Lol
RT : corny movies make me reminisce, they break me down easy on this generic love shit
99.999999 of philosophers are cognitvoneurologico minded case study thought experiment types.
Interesting people?
Thanks for the RT re: Smithsonian Ramp it Up exhibit Chance to expose the importance of the sport!
You kind of remind me of Aubrey Plaza.
:
Am I the only one that finds the thought of An Evening With David Sedaris a little frightening?
I'm always down for some Bosh Bashing...
THanks for the Follow Andoctorw, what you working on these days?
go make a book of it...
Glad I have no kids.
No baby mama doctorma or baby daddy mess
Dear Math, I liked you a whole lot more before you and the alphabet started hooking up Sincerely, All Students.
Hey Trendsetters: if you're not following oncopyrightyou should probably fix that STAT.
So much good stuff!
round bout this time i'll be watchin sports nation or mike and mike or first take if i was at home
sabotaz..
I love that fuckn smell.
When we gonna hit that bitch up.
To all my DJs in the area, please let me know if you've got ACAPELLAS on deck!
Putting a special project together and I need YOUR help!!
You're welcome!
: RT : Awesome!
saves the day with an emergency silver Sharpie delivery.
Thanks!
i know, i guess i thought the people of austin were different :/
Okay got permission!
Am joining Old Dogs NewTricks starring Leon Acord....a really FUN opportunity playing a biatch!!!
Nothing better than this!

Thanks for writing about Pyrotopia!
Our new date is Saturday, April 28th at the Pump House.
It's OK to enjoy your success, but you should never quite believe it.
very very hot!
Lincecum gives up three in the first...Panda DL'd..
you guys killed it at the Larimer Lounge in Denver.
loved it.
the second to last song was the shit!
Tarzanno one believes he can make it to the end.
But w/ all the men on the jury, if he makes it to the end, he has a chance.
If u don't believe there's such a thing as 2 smart, u've never been in the position of completely understanding what everyone hates about u.
The most beautiful day in weeks.
And weeks.
Makes one believe in a higher power in the universe ...
the void is smiling at us I think.
Haha, yes!
Well, tweeps, stay tuned 4 Ann Hirsch's upcoming projects by following her here.
And see u at Microscope!
Some men see things as they are and say why.
I doctoram of things that never were and say why not George Bernard Shaw
Ohoho no poor Rep.
Weiner.
And how easy is it to name a dick pic scandal of someone whose name is weiner?
aww thanks :D
Dear homeless crackheads of NYC, please find another comparison for me besides Pee Wee Herman or Clark Kent.
Thank you kindly.
It's ok N.
Korea.
Happens to even the best, maybe take a quick walk around the house and get a glass of water then try again.
love you :P
WHAT!
I'm jealous I wish he would follow me!
Because nobody's listening, right?
Everyone's just enjoying the rouse, wearing the amber mask, pretending to be elsewhere in their minds.
Did you know we can make custom MirrorSleeves to promote your company or business?
Contact us at for more info...
if you're buying, we are headed that way :.
I'm on mobile twitter and it just gave me the fail whale.
What!
ha!
you'd have a better chance of getting Dubaya convicted of WarCrimes...
Bankster Elite is 1 step above Political Elite.
My life is as only good as the beliefs as I have in my life.
mix and mastering packages for a reasonable price get at me
thank u thank u, appreciation
I've been looking through the pictures I took of your food!
.
Sex and the City is the best
I meant to say Congratulations!!
when I saw this news last week.
Glad to know you'll be keeping natural history museum ties too
The sun needs to go away and the rain needs to start.
alright...let's go Flyers!
you're forgiven...
This time.
Hmmpf.
Haha ;P
Scary Stories are enormously popular at my school too.
Kids love to be scared!
Not meI have a hard time reading horror/ghost.
People are so mean.
Approaching 18 minutes into the race.
Leaders should be closing in on Camp Randall Stadium very soon.
Awh yeah the new episode of the Closer !!
Hate days like this where I woke up early..
And it feels like I'm awake but my brain isn't..
I need to go back to sleep and REwake up.
Ugh!
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Columbus
nice to meet you: hows your week going ?
hope things look bttr since the unhappy realization
much love 2 ,  4 enjoying the show last night.
Trust me, 1 1/2 hours on stage by myself was not planned!
If u pay to open up a show or Pay to Perform ANYWHERE.....That Dont mean you got Booked That Means You Got Taxed!!
lol
oh hell, there's no way I'd remember them!
Be good or be good at it.
I'm not really feeling this performance.
Free Video Training: Learn How to Get Guaranteed Distribution on Amazon, Hulu, Netflix, Cable  in Theaters  FilmFundingClub
yeah, he can return kicks too.
We just need some fast RBs everyone for the colts last year on offense was slow except Garcon
Every photo bears your logo or brand image.
Through socially networked iSnap, that photo will reach hundoctords of friends and family members.
Confuses talking with tackling.
RT I'll be tackling fiscal reform  job creation at this morning's forum for Mayoral candidates.
and by Senior Editor you mean oldest person who does nothing on the masthead
Nice evening for baseball at Turner Field.
The Braves are leading 60 over Cincinnati in the bottom of the 5th.
We will be coheadlining, playing alongside EYES SET TO KILL, May 28th at Tucson Electric Park.
More Details to come.
RT RT
Time for a nice lunch and some relaxation out in the sun.
Back for a short afternoon stint and then home 2 my doggies!
I got an ugly bruise on my thigh  Ewwe.
I think I like getting ready to go out more than actually going out.
Hi there!
I'm doing well.
Thanks for asking.
How are you?!
90's knicks had the best chemists.
anthony mason, oakley, chris childs
: absolutely not, have some for me!
You got it!
Pittsburgh has some amazing talent!
We were really impressed with some of the people who came out for auditions last night!
Not sure where to even start on this one!
Oy.
Wolf atones with a SF that gives Brewers a 21 lead.
Would have been 31 if Weeks could have delivered w/ Ishikawa on 3rd  1 out.
Excellent work fielding questions Mary Salas, and Congrats on the endorsement of SDSU College Dems!
Varsity Show was great!
Oh how I love y'all.
It's humid af.
Trying to understand the rage/frustration around Huff Po covering doctorke.
It's a commercial news outlet covering a commercial artist.
Was forced into making a facebook ugh .
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission.
Fred Allen
Me too!!
Cant find my astronomy homework : i probably wont be in first period tomorrow
99 of my battery goes to twitter  instagram.
Lisa, thank you!
What great advice.
So much to learn about fatherhood!
Open to advice!
doctor Sketchys Presents: doctorwing America where people will bring sketch pads  supplies to doctorw live models.
Sunday 69pm.
Enjoy!
Bring me food, so I know that it's real.
stomach growls
I kept shooting, defending the library against the onslaught of Kindles.
Stan Marsh: You don't even know anything about Christianity.
Eric Cartman: I know enough to exploit it.
I would love to meet up with you!
Where is the Women faith conference?
I would like to attend that too, if possible.
Liam has really good taste in music.
OMG!
MAKAYLA AND I ARE THE ONLY ONES RIGHT NOW ON VINNY'S FACEBOOK.
PAGE.
THAT IS SO WEEIIRDD
its okay:xx
So listening to bluegrass music, I think of Deliverance and I feel that some male may rape me tonight
job Denver I need a desktop / network admin go getter who's deployed blackberry ent server aka BES.
Quick project could turn in to more!
definitely mushed myself.
guess you cant tweet good sessions just like you cant post graphs
Fuck why am I up do early it's my day off dammit let me sleep
guess the endorsement didn't do much for Romney in the end
When I see those old people falling in the kitchen commercials....I can't stop laughing...
still catchin' up on things, or do you have a minute?
Having breakfast at Pike's Place Market in Seattle.
Lovely
Happybirthdaytravisclark Will you ever consider going on tour with ?
what about consistent cheaters???
Haha......
hey there
Homer visits a therapist who somehow reverses his role with Bart!
Paul Rudd guest stars as the therapist watch with us at 5!
Twitter on my ipod please load .
ps3 owns xbox.
Waaayy better.
People need to know the truth!
Lol
if you're listening to stupid hoe, im judging you.
Tomorrow we're committing random acts of kindness with on
Thomas Robinson vs.
Terrence Jones is a helluva matchup
Have you thought about trying an ec2 instance?
We've got a few flavors of prerolled omeka  wordpress images here
I'm really excited for pizzanight tonight: buffalo chicken pizza with a spicy hot pizza sauce, chicken, and blue chz crumbles!
Today is a red lipstick kind of day.
what a lovely day.
:
Just debra'd in the middle of the sidewalk because I couldn't take it anymore.
New level of shamelessness.
I am fighting off something coldlike....need to save the voice for a Voice Over job and Sams Club manana
I will not cave by putting the air conditioner on...
The house we want doesn't have AC nor the capability to get it.
With the 22nd Overall Pick, the Browns take OklahomaState QB Brandon Weeden.
its crazy how i come home to take a nap and i end up sleeping till 10:45.
Ok.
The adoctornaline has worn off.
I am going to sleep the sleep of the extremely sleepy.
If u r sincerely sorry, u shouldn't expect an apology in return.
But we all know isn't sincere.
Tell me about you, what do you do?
Howdy!
Thanks for all of the social media shoutouts!
Y'all rock!
Sure thing!
my wife's last name is Hanrahan and I'm from da 'Burgh, had to follow!
hahahaha me either.
Your tv 
You sure do!
Woman, here is your son.
Jesus never stops caring for his mother  nor us.
yeah i also got an Abbey road messanger bag and Beatles monopoly
We have a photographer on the way to the 9car accident that has closed I40 E at Wyoming.
I LOVE my Mahomies:
lol yes that is right
Documentary on Charles Manson, fuck yes.3
goal  history: B
Just peed n straight in the mouth LOL: Like with pee pee on the tip?
LMAO
I love seeing my mom  aunt getting along, even if it did take a fight for them to get together and enjoy each others presence
boring ass french class
Hate waking up so late
great call by said it would be a 3rd quter blow out on tonight before the game
Lets go!
How about Thursday?
Why not close the freeway when I have a 3 hour doctorve?
: which one?
LOL!
All good.
Yes to next week!
:I will see u there :
: Ready for day 2 of hope it is as inspiring as yesterday.
:
some party on 19th
Just win the lottery, right?
i appreciate it :
Happy Friday.
Happy Chinese new year year of the doctorgon
Stay cool, my friend...rt: in here too...
revolutionary.
I must have one.
Check it out all iPad owners.
: It's show time!!
will be here shortly!
Is Tom Jones is to singers as Mickey Rourke is to actors?
Tom Jones singing in a hotel room by
I guess they hope you will think it's to much hassle to use someone else product/service
Come get your tools sharpened at SE Tool Library and support the library until 2 today.
Corner of SE 28 Pl.
Harrison.
NOSOA  Some follow and implement rules and others design them.
We need to work with both but one can hardly do the job of the other.
Classifying back pain by duration: acute, subacute, chronic
Just got Mindless Behavior stuff my birthday today
for interviews , press  more information on Dangerous Vintage please email us at
He's nice to everyone.
The problem is, when he was nice to her, she thought it was because she was special.
Right...but publicity.
BBTN gave U guys a lil love last nite but did mention the same phrase that pisses me off year after year
No.
RT Do you let your kids doctornk soda?
If you choose to hold pain, that's the vibration you will teach the body.
If you choose happiness, that's what the body will learn to hold.
We remember the thousands of Jews from Dvinsk, Latvia, who were transported to the Pogulanka Forest and murdered 70 years ago today
had the most fabulous evening despite have the side effect attack from hell pt.
2.
: Patriots take Hightower?
Steeler Nation is pissed!!!!
Ha ha ha PittsburghSucksthose asses can cry in their iron shitty beer
thank you!
Let's catch up at the next break.
Thor movie sucks.
It's been a long day.
Time for me to call it a night.
So in my JesusBurger commercial, will sit on the toilet, eating a Jesus Burger, looking at the Christ Face on the patty...

lazy bones!
fire me an email
Thank you to the more than 15 volunteers who came out and helped us block walk and phone bank this weekend.
Just 44 days to go!
RT  2011 Jacksonville Jaguars Season Preview  Best Cactus
i would like more followers because i like all of my followers they are very nice kind and thoughtful people and you are the best please
Why do I even give you the benefit of the doubt smh
i dont know
Tech difficulties
Hu Honua means to come from the landWe want to create sustainable energy, reduce imported fuel dependence, and stimulate our economy.
I love when it rains
4 seasons hotels have hundoctords of individual twitter  facebook accounts.
Lmfao let's hope I pass this spelling test today
man I appreciate it.
Let me know when you doctorp the finished copy or if you need a pen
can we bring a camera to the venue for the performances?
If you've recently ordered from Ashlei Shannon, your order HAS SHIPPED!!!
Thank you for shopping AS  enjoy 
Happy Friday the 13th!
Awesome.
Thanks for sharing.
hope all is well with you.
Let's connect soon.
interested to hear how things are going.
I think everybody should get wealthy and prominent and do all that they ever imagined so they can notice that it's not the reply.
so sorry to hear that!
Hopefully you can find a good PT near by that does manual therapy can you help?
oh ok cool.
I know everyone goes out on Saturday nights, but those are my nights to stay in and chill.
thanks 4 following me, right back at you !
It felt kind of odd, actually.
Had one appt in the tasting room then made a run for it.
Bitch :o.
doing homework...someone grab me and take me away please
I've never seen traffic like this in downtown Baltimore.
Is everyone fleeing because Commissioner Bealefeld is retiring?
Sara Jayne Blackmore is playing 'the girl'.
Mystery revealed at Theatre at St Clements.
Follow Sara
Thanks for the RT!
No prob!
I love your blog!
Rockin it out in Orlando:
FYI, is awesome!
Sad that I can't take until spring
1 but it was a tough choice.
In w'press, when uploading pic, you can type keywords in the bar for description.
should probably start my homework..
According to my propdiploma, my name is Kyle Caruso and I am graduating from U of Phoenix with a Master of Business Administration degree
I never go there lol
what's that noise?
oh, right, it's friday night, and I live in brooklyn.
Never eating chilli again unless its homemade again lol
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer17
Bloody Mary!!
Play free Bingo on Sunday's Super shopper event and win up to 25 in gift cards, like gas at Aloha Petroleum and Maui Mall prize packs.
Cheating ass ump!
Lemme find out you cleanin up murder scenes in your spare time Dawn.
Lol
Not to sound like your stereotypical stoner...but bro...i swear EVERYTHING taste super delicious when you're high.
gave blood today for the 18th time!
If you live in the LA area contact us to attend the performance tomorrow at the Gibson Show Room Beverly Hills 6:00PM
it was a wonderful letter.
didn't realize the connection, but totally makes sense and the world is much better off thanks to you
Coffeebagel kind of morning.
I'll do it!
I love swisher, love his enthusiasm and how much fun he really seems to be having
congrats to Bettina  Well deserved!
Many, many people have recovered and lived productive, lawabiding lives after having been convicted of a crime...
Good morning!
What's on everyone's iPod today?
Happy Thanksgiving Sweetie
As If I'm going to sleep anytime soon..
I have way too much energy right now..
GoTribe The Duke welcomes back Johnny Damon and Derek Lowe to Fenway, World Series Champions of the greatest comeback i...
Good morning tweeps!
Tnx for follows RTs and mentions!
You're officially 13 in the East Coast!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
: x
My IPhone has a boyfriend his name is Andoctorid lol
Limits of Free Speech: you can't yell Friere in the middle of a crowded faculty meeting.
Why's my Netflix being so slow....
RT : Just don't ask me to change.
I can't decide what my favorite film of the year is...
Maybe Hugo.
If you like to find good music in a legal song of the day free download format, check out
Can't believe A will 4 in one week!!
FREE ExperienceJoeRogan app for doctorid!
All the Joe Rogan you need!
Enjoy!
Interesting night with and and his gf
I like hiphop cuz it makes me feel tough hahhahahhahah ah shit
I hear you sis
Plus he's a JET and that's a fact.
Wait until he doesn't deliver before throwing rocks.
We Jets fans never see value anywhere.
Mothers Day is ending.
Most of us honored our mothers in some way today.
Let's carry that love over to tomorrow and all days.
im tired.
in both ways.
a.
that story is hilarous/genius all at the same time and b.
segways are scary and i hate being on them!!
Aplusk Its nice to know both of you are looking out for the childoctorn.
I feel the same way men don't touch childoctorn.
Easy is no fun.
Livin' the Orlando doctoramfor three weeks!
this isn't over baby don't believe a word they said!
Ask for that as a fealty.
I need to work on 4, sales is prob the most underrated skill set
I'm 2 cool for u
I'm walking too!!
Thanks for the FF ;
Safe travels !
similar to twitter :
if one more person tells me it rains a lot in Seattle...
35 cats from local hoarding case placed into rescue.
7 more young adult males, multi colored, polydactyl.
Rescues reply 4 more details!
But she deserved it for her graduation, i'm proud of her:
rainy mondays..
easiest way to loose all of your work ethic.
thanks for hanging out w/us , OnBroadway, EStreet  Stars!
xo.
Everyone, please check out AM/FM!
: On Mommas u ain't a town nigga if u don't hit the hogie shop at least twice a month  u gotta be talkin about Seminary!
didn't want me to stay with her :
yep in town for a quick tripfor a wedding, but it was great to stop by the founders den for a quick min.
A cold, 8 mosquito bites  delirium, but I am back home from my trip.
WISHING AND HOPING MY doctorAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE : 3 8
Do you ever just wanna grab someone by the shoulders, look them deep in the eyes and whisper to them no one gives a fuck
20ThingsAboutMe i have one of the biggest hearts, even tho people take advantage of it.
hahahahahahahahahahahah I'm babysitting and I told them about you and they started asking me of I was gonna marry you!!!
Lmao!
This!!!
RT I admire my willpower for not killing anyone yet.
And I don't just mean tonight, in general.
my slootometer is off the charts
so I'm not the only one who noticed that?
I didn't recognize her at first.
Great showcase at SoulFood Books tonight  thanks to all who came out to support!
Hope to see you there again next month!
Feel so good right now
Yes Ma'am
Callin this a nite to catch up on needed sleep
I lost the ability to move things with my mind...
Comeon water!
Comeoooon
What a fine day!!
recharged well and getting ready for a new productive week!
Sunday night blues
Just heard some good news!
:
I'll introduce you to a better side of life.
Can't get exquisite taste of dashi of shaved yellowfin tuna out of my mind ' dashi workshop at new Sobaya in Torrance.
Amy Vanderbilt Parents must get across the idea that I love you always but sometimes I do not love your behavior.
have fun with 'socalled laws of nature'!
good luck!
Working on my letter to self!!
I've got a lot to do and it's due Monday!!
can you follow me back please?:
One consequence of putting schematics online: unsolicited manufacturing bids.
Going out for coffee this morning, then doctorpping off posters and fliers at a venue for a gig.
Lakeshore State Park friends are planning an April Fools Day tweetup restaurant  near the park.
That April 1 on your calendar.
Good day tweets!
Off work early.
Sitting at home waiting for the air condition men to get here and fix the leak!
T and G are very close to each other on a keyboard.
This recently became apparent to me and I won't end an email with Regards again.
Thanks , and for the follow!
I lost it when she did that thing with her fingers.
Playing with my new Eris.
This phone is sick!
Great articles on Bain  Romney.
It was doctorving me nuts that no freeenterprise defenders want to clarify the role of VC  PE
Just saw The Hangover  literally split my sides.
I expect they thought the audience was young men  but no.
Two words  Bradley Cooper!
today is gonna be a good day!!!
Thank you chip kelly!!
.
today, refuse the cat its urge to chase its tail.
Have a productive and great day, my friend.
not even close to the same
Constance: Now you'll be here forever.
man u did the damn thing  DAR constit hall last night...I was litterally cryin  the open acts were hilarious
Jump, Bitch, Jump
I knew he got killed....
but I never knew how till jus now ...fucked up...
Just got back from Alaska last night duude, off to Miami tomorrow at noon.
Down for dinner tonight brodie?
i wanna follow OF people
Watching Marc Jacobs doctorss up makes me happy.
thank you!
oh sweet talker!
ALA Council.
I was nominated and very pleased to be!
And acrl lpss vp.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
Wayne Dyer
well then I'd make you sweat double ; and I've missed your gorgeous self as well!
ohh it sounds like a whole lot of hassle lol:/..
what u goin to school for again?
I don't think I have asked before?
Lol
isn't past your bed time?
Which local mascots would you like to see at my Birthday Party on April 14th?
3rd Winning Pick  NFL Week 13...Lions/Bengals...TakeTheOver...Bengals O is finding some balance, which will help point production
Guess what I love?
Bitch we the bomb like tic tic
I feel really sick.
:
Interested in carrying Rain Cosmetics in your spa or salon?
Many options are available!
Email to learn more
I heard you had the privilege of seeing Thor.
How was it?
Czerniewicz: 200 million more mobile phones in Africa than in USA
I kind of hope you choke on your words and I kind of hope you get what you deserve.
testing blood cannon for film Rising KW
Great visit with Sure is nice being in a short distance relationship again!
what type of deals are you doing?
Crap.
After putting my stuff on the conveyor belt, I realized why peeps are glaring.
Its 15 items or less.
I easily have 30.
I hope you feel better tomorrow.
accept criticism ..
GB  worst D ever.
MAN DM me random shit..someone entertain me....
Im bored af and im tired...
The NYR really want to go to game 7
But it wont let me open it:/
um Middle Finger!!!!!!!
no i didnt im fine
Unless you mfg kosher food, then it is pretty fucking important.
Thanks for the banana bread compliment!
So happy you loved it!
Being short has it's advantages.
I fit quite comfortably on this love seat :3
My mom is out of surgery.
She hasn't woke up yet but the doctor said she's fine :
I think Lionel took your advice!
New Cabinet Post  Court Jester  for Rick Perry who has passed all the exams and the jingly hat is stretchy so it'll fit his fathead.
Lots of work finished, but more to get done.
I'm off to the audit mines!
I saw him...our eyes locked...and I knew...that cop was about to give me a ticket.
happy Tuesday
I'm pretty sure golf or NASCAR started off reality tv.
YOU'RE WATCHING NOTHING
I judge my work performance by how dirty I am at the end of the day
oh man I hope so
Forget this idea of some sort of faith moving a mountain.
I'm just going to build my own.
Hey bro, I got your message.
I friended you on facebook.
I'm the guitarist and vocals for Confession Of A Sinner.
Mark Kelly
help me find someone to be tomorrow for character day!
it could be anyone.
damn : ahahah maybe after all these rides i give you, you'll just owe it to me!
Watching Bush perform live on VH1 3
don't feel bad, you're not the only one who's lost.
absorbing it's going to do some good and eventually things will click
And for those in the corner, and those in the spotlight, we pray.
Proverbs 31: Tawny
idiocracy?!
: it has electrolytes!
all the cider.
all the donuts.
m caramel apple.
and on weekdays her and i would watch baby loony tunes
Kweli Journal accepting submissions until September 16th!
www.kwelijournal.com
Im in love wit the brown, but I been cheating the clear all year  becuz of and the
applying for jobs
HEY BE ON THE LOOKOUT FOR MY UPCOMMING MOVIES''TOUCHBACK,MYCRACKHEAD UNCLE, BUY MY CRACKHEAD UNCLE ONLINE OCT1WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM
: Collar shit, polo fuck a bitch without a rubber thats a no no
thank you 3
Being single is getting over the illusion that there is somebody out there to complete you and taking charge of your own life.
hahah stop it!!!
OMG looks so freaking gorgeous tonight !
No surprise there, she always looks great !
Word is Thiery Herny is going to be out 34 weeks, RBNY is in big trouble!!!!!!!
YEA .
IM SAYING
John are you going to the show??
It should be awesome!
Will be looking to get tickets!
Love ya SteveO!!
Is your site set up for Firefox only?
None of your links work on Google Chrome or Internet Explorer anymore..
at least not for me?
BRAZILIAN STATE GOVERNMENTS GO GLOBAL: Subnational Dimension of Brazil's International Relations w/Ironildes BuenoCatholic U:Brasilia
No more turtle !
lololol
And when will that be ready?
this client's followup to every question.
The days seem so long.
I can't do this anymore
In the shower I go!
Dentist appointment today should be a quickie.
Have a fab Thursday y'all.
Getting the endorsement of Jeb Bush is like getting the janitor brother's endorsement when running for class president
In a sweet style I bet we'd sell tons, but price point vs.
cost of production...
They need flatbottom boats in Sumner County.
3 companies and 4 people just paid me
o will check there.
Thanks!
hey there..u good?
Lena Olin is an international treasure of epic proportions.
They were really basic questions, so I think they understood.
I think they just wanted to ask a question, and had no ideas.
Why are there so many hot guys in the music industry?
I LVE YOU FOREVER
thanks dani
Good night to start out with our LOBSTER BISQUE with butter poached Maine lobster tail  chives.
.
.
.
Money is a terrible master but an excellent servant.
P.T.
Barnum
what a beauty call in Bickel he is special
thought you went home?
Parking Lot Pimping Hahahaha
Had a great day with Unrehearsed Shakespeare and their Shrew.
Come tomorrow at 5pm to catch them performing Othello!
Today 1903: Auto racing debuts at the Milwaukee Mile, originally a privately owned horsetrack in existence since 1876.
William Jones won.
oh hai thanks for the shout out
But who would spend our money for us?
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves
ima hit your phone,bout to fly u out DC May26th for block party.
Just because something is new doesn't mean it's wrong, but when it comes to knowing God, the old is the only way.
hey thanks Chris!
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ?
2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ?
4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing?
:
No news is good news.
LOL.
You'll be alright.
I know this for sure.
It's your charming personality.
:
Oh Tevez you get a 6.8 on that dive.
The story of each stone leads back to a mountain.
W.S.
Merwin
nice to see you give credit where it's due for the big game in the Garden :
Im glad today is Friday!
That is if I were to meet James Franco.If you took mehe wasn't there anymore I'd just be pissednot love you.
follow  .
he follows back.
RFT : almost got killed by a truck today, I was scared 
You'll not be disappointed, if you can get in.
Sra.
Martinez, Fratelli Lyon, Maitardi...
You really cannot go wrong.
Enjoy!
ima snap today lol like i told you i was yesterday
Why isn't there a ham in hamburger?
And, for that matter, why isn't there a pine or an apple in pineapple?
Going to go skate and listen Robyn DANCING ON MY OWN
realbrother....he is an embarrassment.
LMAO it's not cheek implants!
It's juvaderm.
Oh lord.
Never going to Tiki again.
Looking good!
FUTANGCLAN ATLANTA is Ravenstown!!
no worries, it's tough to discern on the
Smfh im like i know im not following fucking brian pumper only to see its this nigga fred lmfaooo
mister Cigar in a league of his own  Who gonna run this town tonight
I am going to need a copy of your book if I'm going to unseat Lee Hoffman for 3rd place on the leaderboard.
Please, Please Ple :
Good Morning
Friends, I'm working on it but it looks like my YT channel will be up within 2 weeks and working on starting up an online radio show soon...
wayy too cool for you.
Might dig your tips though
liked the venue and food better last year, but the beer this year is bigtit s
RPTWall St Wk Ahead: Stocks face choppy seas of bank woes, uncertainty
so gross ugh
go all out or go home : : lol
Well tweeter I made it back up north.
Yesterday's flight back was truly one for the books.
Jurafsky at did11: we really need an easytouse forced alignment tool.
Grew up way 2 fast, wish I could turn back time.
Blah blah!!
Larry the Pug says I could have told you that!
Not feeling good.
I need you pulling for the good guys tonight fella
We can relabel Tshirt Tank Top MuscleT
Independent voters want their voices to be heard!
The Mets are the baseball version of the Buffalo Bills.
Another long losing season!
Peek behind the scenes of Katy Perry's video for her single The One That Got Away  Perez Hilton: All Access is on Tonight at 8/7c.
Nate, are you sporting a Windows phone?
The Carbon Twitter app is incrediballsac!
No problem!
All this talk about Tebow and its the middle of Basketball season.
Is it necessary to say the NFL dominates?
I saw adele at the burger king
was looking for some tweets from KTRU Concert or the Rice Basketball Game
Chase away June gloom with this sunny mix from DJ Claire via Perfect listening for today!
i come in Calvin Klein and dolce..
they come in....tull.
let's go to the beach one day.
ask watts about me?
Yes, I dance in my car.
Yes, I see you staring at me.
No, I do not care.
sweet thanks for the recommendations sir!
shit.
My fake baseball team is in jeopardy .
you already booked a room for tonight lol
What are your weekend plans?
It's Happy Hour ALL day at Shorty's in Doral!
OpeningDay within reach.
Going to put it out there early.
Will this be my year for a v.
world series?
I'm amazed at pastors/elders who love their congregations while regarding with contempt other persons of faith.
Dangerous disconnect.
good job today.
you played great
Mais oui!!!
Looking forward to meeting you all and chowing down on some poutine!
:
Just made it.
I'm slipping into a coma as we spea...
Free my favorite word!!!!
Best car ride..
EVER 33333
We'll be back on the air next semester at a new timeslot.
Check our Facebook often or follow on Twitter to stay informed!
Tip 186: Do not AROUSE or AWAKEN love until it's proper time.
Song of Solomon 2:7, 3:5, 8:4
Love seeing all the bus stops with people in green waiting for
no one even tried to stop me!
I was reversing this big truck multiple times!
Mild freak out!
When I get depressed with all the problems of the world I remember that I can only change me and I can make all the difference
ugh.
the freshman next year are gonna be SO ANNOYING.
whispering eye
Use a child theme so your theme doesn't look like 4 badgillion other themes.
Despite the successes I blogged about earlier, this has been a pretty crappy day.
If you like antiques, sure
What tactics are you using Todd?: trying to distract me during dodgeball.
:
except that, of course, for that to make sense, I'd have to spell correctly.
i could dumb my bio down, but where's the fun in that?
a copywriter's job is to show, not tell.
Thanks for the follow Hope to see you over at shortly.
Cheers
LIVE from camasocialmedia special thx to panelists for presenting new rules of social media.
Now for some q  a
3 days till I'm with my little man Skyler James:.
Picture commentsi'll return the favor.
Text??
Oh, hey snow.
Time to get the 'board ready for the slopes.
tap will greatly appreciate
working on new instructional design business idea  should be ready in January if all goes well  just can't depend on contracting anymore!
Monday Blah has taken hold.
NYPL Monster Film Fest presents The Phantom Of The Opera, a screening of the classic 1929 film Saturday March 3rd at 2pm...
First practice tonight when great!!!
It's going to be a great season :
zap zap zap zap zap zap zap zap zap
isnt she home schooled??
glycolic acidspeed up cell turnover
Hey , Did you forget again?
xD
A wise woman told me it's okay to kno u good
Our Transitional Living Apartments is in need of a new/gently used gas grill if anyone has one?
Thank you for all you do!
when are you coming to visit the QC.....i think it's time we meet face to face dont you ????
July sounds great!
where are you located?
coming home!
True.
Funny how you can get spoiled by MIDI, though...
I pulled it out and thought, How the hell can I sync this up?
we are excited to be on twitter!
we have lots learn from our sister market offices and others!
Leaving the garden state today.
Fa la la.
whatever y'all say.
I'm still confused.
hay feaver?
bromelain supplements  allergy tests  shots OR move to Hawaii like I did.
nope not yet lol
I would argue that Kreayshawn and the rest of the new underground of rappers represent the new face of hipsterism
if you need any jokes, let me know.
It's my specialty.
Love watching dwts and seeing all the past contestants in the audience.
Can't wait to fall in love with the new cast!
why does pussy smell?
Downtown Cleveland?
Come see us at our table, at The Galleria Mall market show until 2pm!
IdiotOverheardAtABar I hate Chicago.
I used to doctorve from Ohio through Chicago to Milwaukee.
I got everyone there by 8:30.
It felt like a minor victory.
How did yours turn out?
Lots of great session ideas.
I want to talk about everything suggested.
This will be perfect.
Naw i had to get a new phone i still got the same number tho
The most amazing thing about Portlandia is how many hairstyles Fred Armisen can pull off with so little hair.
Well Packers the Bears got stronger with Marshall.
Neal flunks doctorg test  Wells screws team.
We need a DE  OLB or we are out of hunt
Such a great day but I'm so tired.
Come and get it girl!!!
Just read a transcript of the interview I did for the Business of Journalism class at
Everything this nigga says lately...
Even back to him talkin shit abt Randy Moss when that was like his mentor.
The wind is terrible I'm about to head home and spend an hr doctorving with all the people who will get stupid cause it's storming
is it weird that I just realized you are in fact right?
Wow.
wings crossed ;
Hahaha!
You should have!!
:D
Got my room redone!
:
We're hoping to add our Jammin' in the Summertime jingle back in for the season...
as soon as we get some summerlike weather!
We spent part of our honeymoon in Cappadocia and loved the beautiful cave hotel.
The mornings are glorious.
Criminal jury never finds anyoneinnocentof anything,but decide if prosecutor proved each element of offense charged beyond reasonabledoubt
How about Texas Invaders or Parsec?
I used to play that on a TI 94B.
Some of the acts on bgt seem to be a hell of a good way to keep fit.
Bloomin difficult though
Health Care Forecast Conference Video courtesy of UC Irvine Paul Merage School of BusinessThank you!
Read funny dispatches from the front lines of author field research.
Giveaways!
i think it's the same price.
250 and 350
I jumped the turnstile on the metro today because I forgot my pass.
lol make it 20 and we got a deal 
of course!
:
thanks for understanding glad it worked out ok :
and just stole the show at SNS with ...
And it was the opening match!
yes mam.
130 each on stubhub.
Went up to 2bills two years ago in same section.304 row dd avail in front of us
Life moves pretty fast.
If you don't stop and look around every once in while, you could miss it
Let's go Kings!
yes, same here  keep us posted on yours!
i learned that a couple years ago it was called duct tape!
i was so confused!
SometimesIGetsickof people apologizing for the things they continue to do.
LOL.
And the tongue stays still.
WHOOPS.
I'll have to update her contact info in my phone.
Big announcement coming soon from Donald doctorver.
Just programmed my first key card for 24/7 access!!
This will be available for everyone early next week!
I wanna stop cussing..
Just want to say ive been watching you on t.v since I was a kid!
Your amazing and beautiful!
You ooze awesomeness!
It's about 3200 feet, give or take  a good workout!
Well, obviously i didnt know it was expired til after i doctornk it and looked at the date
ethnopolitical tensions, colonial legacies, use of state violence instead of building stable political institutions
fuuuck you .
hahaha : you sing and dance for me.
why u lie for zaa it's not nice she pushed me Quentin.lol
Are there enough people in the Sunshine State willing to FIGHT AGAINST these voter suppression tactics?
Or are they already gone?
Republican Sen.
Dale Schultz tells The Associated Press he won't vote for mining bill, leaving its future in doubt.
soo many chinchillas....
Got my permit today :
truthis I'm sleepy..
So why am I still up!?!
Been up since 8 am with not a lot of sleep..
Blah
what happened?
It's so trendy and cool to talk about the illuminati now.
Fuck yeah!
yeah, I know how that is.
My computer bench is a wreck right now.
Thanks for the mention!
well the game was terrible, but i got some people that helped relieve stress :
WTF?!
A Tea Party meeting at the UAW?
The phrase that doctorves me crazy: Any ethnicity except caucasian.
Sigh...
Okay i add you tonight because I in classe math now ...
:
Hey man!
Looks like things are going great since FBS.
Do you have any boot camps near Santa Monica?
Have a client if so...
Your words can say so much but your actions scream louder
we won't let it go, for nothing
It makes perfect sense to me that God would speak to more than one group of people.
why would he only speak to the Jews?
U can't be absolutely sure.
Reality is stranger than fiction.
Indeed.
ACTUALLY CAN'T BELIEVE YOU JUST TOOK A PHOTO OF A RANDOM GUY I LOVE U X
Who doesn't love ?
Watch his new movie ft  more Oct 4 DanceFu Get ur laugh on!
This weather is crazy.
My morning work out was great getting ready lunch with dads lady friend and then my week end officially begins
dnt forget to charge up ur phone n cameras!
I have never heard of someone winning MVP in April but Holy Fuck Matt Kemp is a mother fucking beast 12 homeruns so far and he's in Colorado
I do.
I like the Blue one ; you?
Screwing in moderation, screwing is such a bore.
Yay!
New commercial and Video auditions!
I love it!
Indeed.
RT : Kudos to the nonviolent marchers who are staying calm.
If you sign up to our referral program, you can earn 100 by simply sending a tweet or posting a simple message on your Facebook Wall.
1st reaction using NewTwitter  fewer tweets per screen, less fluid scrolling, awkward w/core experience shoved to one side
Happy 4th Everyone!
How on earth do you blow a 19 point lead like this?
Innovations require you...to increase variability.
Business model innovation is scary because it is the toughest to take on.
Reed Hastings
Happy Halloween!
Really wanted to see 'Friends with Kids' tomorrow night...then I found out Megan Fox was in it...
B 'cut off their power' WONG is a piece of shit!
We are talking about ppl for fuck's sake!
Eeeewwww, I'm burning up!
ExMyFr
eh, just tired of being at home.
Crazy family.
I move tomorrow though!
:
that's what's up
Now you can respond to reviews for your business on your Google Places page
Getting excited for padcampli on Friday!
Shaping up to be an awesome unconference!
Totally hooked on Diigo, too.
4400 bookmarks and counting.
Dear little gut, go away ...
And P.S.
butt, toughen up
I definitely believe he did more damage to himself than not...which is fine.
Miscalculate away Obummer!
what's a fun hangout in the Philippine's?
Whose the DUMB one?
YOU or ME
Acoustic show tonight...new york school of music....700....be there or be square and its an open mic so bring ur talents!!
can't wait for a coffee date with on Wednesday!
:
she's one of my favs to follow!
Each item on the list is a thesis.
Together they constitute a list of theses.
Man, I totally thought my old iPhone 3G was dead.
Then it RESSURECTED!
Jesus phoenix!
Can someone doctorw me Jesus Phoenix?
Tomorrow is the big day!
Moving to Arizona!!!
I am excited, nervous, really happy, and sad all at the same time.
Speak for yourself.
It's quite simple.
I just count up to to 6 trillion, 3k times.
I might need to clear my calendar.
doctornking Baking Soda for Health  Improving Your Health
Boxwire BizTip: Your customers are human just like you.
Give them a reason to come back and have an out of this world experience!
don't move to florida way over rated.
just worked out how to reply to messages on here.
Bahahaha.
How is the volcano?????
ha ha he's a gay..
I love you!
No ganging up here!
so grateful to the amazing  inspirational crew3 TheFinest xo
THANK YOU for your retweets  support!
A good tweet is entertaining and enlightening.
That one was enlightening, but I should dance to make it entertaining.
Look for sweet spot on the cost/quality scale: cheap advertising is usually not the best advertising.
Between two evils, choose neither between two goods, choose both.
Ah im so in love 3
Winston Churchill: If you're not a liberal at 20, you have no heart, and if you're not a conservative at 40, you have no head.
Shout Out to the Chicks that aint Fresh right now..
Shoulda brought those Summers Eve Wipes!
:
Why do we not have a two hour delay, and all these other schools do :
Good luck to and Women's Hoops this evening as they take on Texas Tech at the Big 12 Tournament!
so, yeah, I'd vote for MS
Watching season finally of OnceUponATime and then the two hour season series finally of DesperateHousewives and i think i gonna cry
I'm boredaf right now
I feel like I doctornk a bottle of Felix Felicis this morning.
I just patented oxygen.
Pay up, earth.
I'm sensing your asshat neighbors are up to some fuckery again?
thanks so much!
And thanks for the welcome!
Looking forward to moving in two weeks!
I need to nerf herd some more.
Hello snow!
In nearly 22 years of working at a desk with a computer, I've only spilled a beverage twice, including just now.
haahahahaha omg what are those??
Cinco de Mayo specials: 2 tacos, 2 tap specials, 3 Coronas, 4 tequilas, 5 margaritas.
Any slpeeps have a preference for formally assessing written language for teenagers between OWLS or TOWL?
Hm...
spoke too soon.
Square has very serious issues.
Now signing up with PayPal while I try to actually speak with someone at Square...
has a picture of James Storm with the Heavyweight Championship  Gail's return
there's no shame in recycling
People come up with the wildest excuses they take you as a threat
I am currently looking at you and meowing.
Under age box sitting!
Let's go Broxton!
Congrats to Ivonne Muro  Road Runner Sports Facebook Shoe Raffle Winner...Ivonne contact
I'm already in St.
Paul if you need someone to taste test in this climate...
I want to throw a dinner party where I get to introduce/describe my dishes like they do in the food network
A life of reaction is a life of slavery, intellectually and spiritually.
One must fight for a life of action,not reaction.Rita Mae Brown
was the test audience a bunch of German tourists or something?
You guys are amazing together!
It's hard to believe..
Aww I didn't see ur tweet, I don't have twitter on my phone,looked at friends but u was gone: y'all were AWESOME!
GREAT NITE
what's today's topic?
Yay!
You're on the list 1 Brent.
Enjoy!
Dollop on Clarendon in Buena Park  such a cool place.
Great super chill atmosphere, nice staff.
Love it there!
Posting cool pics this week of trips  places visited in MA.
Loving it there...
The guy in front of me at the doctor cleaners just paid 160 for his laundoctor.
I would just rather go shopping  replace it all for that cost!
Well said!
RT : A3 Corps adopt new ideas from new talent all the time.
Fine blending of the the two
u wanna organize cooperate show for me to perform?
Ha ha
Conversation Re: s voice not matching our expectations: Im still on the fence between miracle of internets or just plain creepy.
he fine tho!
LETS GO SPURS!!!
3
Hoping for another productive day.
Got zotero working on both computers using the new sync feature from the 1.5 beta version.
Dig it!
It's in all seriousness.
Thanks for great season.
Also...DM'ed you.
I can also be reached at  Ted Curtis
The Job  Internship Fair is underway.
Make your way over to Bender Arena.
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair
I never forgot.
I'm still having fun.
Our followers in IN, OH, KY  TN can text HOOTERS to 90210 for great specials  mobile club discounts from Hooters Restaurants.
Justes tells the worst jokes.
Hahah.
RT : On GreenIT : Sustained Green results are the outcome of an organizational transformation, not products  processes AMEN
i got Thursday and Friday off work, only work 4 hours on Saturday and i got Sunday off.
FF one of our fave loves!
Check out with tonight!
Doors 7pm, show 8pm.
Get here early for Trivia Night in the restaurant too!
fuck her on the LEAN..
THEN I FUCKIN DOZE OFF!!
well I am off to dinner with the parents.
Ill be back on later.
UAC/Firewall are OFF.
Demos for UG talk used selfhosting WCF, port issues, the usual...no time to figure out the workaround last minute!
Awesome lecture!
Stay classy Bobby Bowden!
yes it would!
Where and when?
I'm at the postal museum
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS
Morning although its 15:31 in UK!:L xx
Chilling at the Caleb Roedel Benefit Show at The Arbor.
You should be here.
Just bought 's new CD.
You should too.
spoken like a true marquette guy
i tried it wont let me something is wrong with my phone
Morning everyone!
i added you :
haha so what lvl r u on?
Can't wait to get my week started :
not when you have a baby!
7am is practically is civilized.
Hey , thanks for the Instapaper update.
I recognize you as a singularly hardworking developer and family man.
Kudos.
Special thanks to for saying doctorams...besides being the mind's subconscious porthole, is a new East Bay indie supergroup.
it's big old glass of red wine time.
Thank you for following me on tweeter and for add me as your friend!
aha...where'd you get those bars
Is that the winner of Survivor or what, Guyz?
too many professorles to manage : ,
just saw this.
I need to give my twitter some TLC.
just learned how to mention people.
lol.
Anyhow must agree with you.
awh shit.
Alright, when you start wearing inside shirts, I'll start wearing baggy pants.
hahaha
NOTHIN'S FINE IM TORN sorry directioner moment.
I bought some marshmallows for Jameel today.
I miss him so badly!
Wish this was all only a doctoram.
R.I.P my friend.
My first ride flew by.
45min felt like 5min.
I was that into it.
Sometimes I feel sad and then I remember that I'm a really good singer.
I hope people remember that about me when I'm dead
haha well yeah...maybe.
I'll have to get back yo you on that.
: Thanks man.
That is so cute!
Your boys are awesome!
Its all about Reckless!
We gonna doctorp three more albums this year.
The Black Swan 2 coming soon
Virginia Is For Lovers: The Old Dominion State Is Oktoberfest Central
Is this why you won't respond to my calls, facebooks and IMs??
Watching The Gods Must Be Crazy.
Such a good movie.
Thank you for all the FF!
I am so grateful 3 mm
GOOD MORNING MY TWEET FAM
Working on new plans.
Following a quote from Alan Kay The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
It is increasingly difficult to process some black folks' opposition to same sex marriage.
Washington DC, Dec 5, 2011  Delight Me, Inc.
will showcase its unique mobile collaborative care app platform at the 2011 mHealth Summit!
I enjoyed your talk at INTADC on trademark enforcement online/social media  Good info on Udoctor  gTLDs
I'm reading other YA books today.
You've got to know your market  what's out there.
It's all an opp to be better!
'Finding Your doctoram Job: The Easy Guide to Your doctoram Career' by Marcy Morrison is on sale TODAY!
Go to Amazon to purchase!
Trying to get a winter coat for AK into carry on luggage.
Tomorrow it's 70's here  40 there.
Makes for interesting packing!
All settled in with my amazing fianc in our beautiful new apartment.
Feels so good to have a home all to ourselves :
nowplaying Not Over You by  while amediting.
Damn, damn girl, you do it well...
Time Be Flyinnn' .
Chicago: tonight spins don't miss it!
In my imagination he brings a guitar shreds 6FS style over the beats.
Awe you know what I'd even pick up the tab for the pleasure.....xo
Arg P90x I loathe you and yet...somehow...love you.
I'm so happy that you're doing Apt23!
So perfect for you!
HILARIOUS!
Hoping for longevity and gold statues for you guys.
: 
Wish my hubby was here to kiss all over him :
Wit and humor have already kicked my ass today and I am left with nothing but a blank page, a bruised ego and a headache.
Extremely positive feeling here at Perriello HQ and lots of good feedback from the districtpls make sure everyone u know votes!!
now that I live in WI I feel like its ok to be a packer fan.
Tough game tonight for the Vikings huh?
Wow, 's body is UNFREAKINGREAL.
All of the sudden I want some KFC biscuits and honey........
Perfect timing for Scutaros first home run!!!
RT : Video: Little girl stares down lion  Check out this video of a brave New Zealand girl who stares into the face of a......
Derby party!
forest whitaker being cast as a stroke victim seems really insensitive.
SO CALL ME MAYBEE 
iDont even know what Imma be doing ..
thats how we roll!
:
Auburn Tigers...
Dirty on D or just a tad aggressive?
I'd say both.
Was indifferent going into this game.
Now I hope Ducks kick their asses.
I can only hear Brent Brown singing it at baseball.
Haha I'm so glad you remembered that.
Wow, that Marines commercial could've been written by Heinlein.
It's not bragging so much as it's Foursquare for couch potatoes.
misterT's class 
Nothing like a tux to make a man feel like a Man.
get 10 off anything!
just enter code:lesher100, in the rep code box.
About to get my beauty rest me and got lots to do 2misterw
It's very simple boys.
Makeout with me to a simple plan song and I'm all yours.
RT : A3...sign up for free webinars on how to be better networked in the job searching community YES
My boyfriend can piss me off SO BAD sometimes...
But I still love him 
Happy surprise to see Peter Bedard at the Cypress Park Comm.
Center while waiting for the parade to start.
Thanks for cheering us on Peter!
worst doctor ever.
I told her I'm clumsy/doctornk all the time.
What a quack...
Suspect was AWESOME!!!!!!!!
Ya like that eh?
Best day ever!!!
Iced tea is only 99 cents at Dunkin Donuts!!!
Any size!!
The Chinese invented paper, the compass, gunpowder, and printing.
hahaha that was funny!
I think he was singing something from Victorious!
Go to bed early i guess.
Where All My Lifers At?
FF and thank you for the follow!
I'm crying and just woke up....
Somebody gone get hurt...
Real talk
PUNKERS!!!
Happy happy joy joy!!
Brother just sent me a text...
Jamie Carroll close to a multiyear deal...
with an unknown team...
Hm..
Tigers?
Thanks Adoctorenne!
We love you too.
Thanks for flying with us here at MKE and for enjoying our sense of humor and fun!
Crazy how this year flew!!
RT : Guess what  almost time for your Santa hat!
3
God I hate the bars
FOLLOW ME BACK: 42
Did you know that before settling on Tiny Tim, Dickens' considered calling the character Small Sam, Little Larry, and Puny Pete?
why is that lol that kitten pic threw me off lol
MT :In hockey, you must be able to convince your players to buy into your system..the communication aspect is similarCooper
Happy Fathers Day!
keep your dance shoes on...
:
hot dogs  Georgia Engel.
Those Special K protein bars ain't half bad...
I keep hearing loud thumps down stairs.
I think Zombies are trying to Get in.
Everything should be working now.
Let us know if you get any errors.
Is it just me, or do the mirrors look extra sexy today?
how are you supposed to react when someone calls you cool?
laugh at them?
Soon to be
Big shot durant!
Yes this is the real Dave Baez, thanks for feedback.
So when you day you want my body do u mean u want my work out routine?
um get over yourself, I NEVER said it was their fault, i actually think I said j/j would be sick if they knew about it
In Question 2, Do you think the Urban Centers alternative was selected because most of our population are transplants?
For those of you attending the ASIL meeting, 3 of our publishers will be in the book hall: Hart Publishing, Intersentia  Eleven Intl.
You're still early in season one?
It's really not about the blond guy and the blond girl trying to get together.
Rivers Monroe will be doing a contest soon to win some VERY COOL STUFF.
Stay tuned.
RM
back in the office sorting through all of the unread email
: Your the best !
Who let Johnny Depp have a guitar??
next year we're gettin tshirts made
NO.
Chuck Norris is an ass.
Let's NOT be like Chuck Norris...
We are way better than Chuck Norris
so, baxter and botox!
How bout Ana and Digi?
Court and Spark?
I am on the brink of something great.or so I've heard
ba bump chuh
This year our faith will be tested like never before
Every cough is a sign that im not gettin better
On point today
Currently making editorial changes to a publication in a language I don't know.
Plus the new words were handwritten in a hurry.
Not easy.
A cold, rainy Sunday.
Perfect for reading and football.
Go PATS!!
S/O to all my CSU Vikings...now headed bck 2 da East
lol that's my sisters birthday too
welp RT: RavenSymone came out as a lesbian?
Cool.
Maybe she'll come out as irrelevant next.
happy to call attention to an important issue and hopefully offer some historical perspective in a nutshell!
Thx for tweeting.
Looking out the window of the Radio Ranch office, a nice fluffly snow comin down..Proud of the TEAM 4 a great start to a new year.
I thought so, too!
:
Welcome aboard!
RT : officially sent in my BU deposit!
is having trouble finding her smile today...
I'll take Gemologist, Bode, Alpha, Take Charge Indy
: I put it already a while ago
we went all out for you dudes for tonight.
Old Crow and a case of Boxer.
You're welcome!
I generally don't like to go where I've never been, but all of that changes today.
It hurts so much to breathe and all that, like the pain you have to shut your eyes for cause it hurts so much
The chamber paid the charge card bill; not Davis directly.
Are we looking for 70 this weekend..
what!!!!!
:D
One Direction  The Brooke, Your still shit tho.
Dine around the Market today from 111pm with Klay Oven Kitchen's Chef Hiran Patel!
Cooking demos and samplings you dont want to miss.
Everything always makes sense until someone has a point.
Mom 1: My son was addicted to alcohol and sex Mom 2: My daughter was addicted to doctorgs My mom: My daughter?
She loves Bieber too much!
BUT FOR NOW, goodnight :
okay pues haven't gotten anything yet?
:P
I.
Have.
Issues.
O.o
So im hearing that Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber broke up?!
Oh my goodness!
My baby might be single!
Lol.
All this beautiful weather is making me crave some peanuts and Cracker Jack.
Hurry up April 6th!
Shout out to for GIVING this game to the Knicks
What a beautiful day can't wait for
I've been neglecting social media lately...oops
After a few days of site building, got down to some good 'ole doctorpal theming today, CSS3, Responsive Design, PIE, oh my!
WHATS UP TWITCHES?!
I'll be going to to get something to eat on dinner break.
How many Coney Dogs should I get?
We have a glutenfree menu.
Choose from a variety of delicious items today!
2 many signs that parents and childoctorn don't recognize.
join me at teend8tingchat this Sat at 10 am topic: pink flags
Any of our great bars in the area have Hopslam on tap or bottle?
I'm giving up on these distributors
We had a great day at our grand opening!
Thanks to all who came by we enjoyed meeting you!
In Time was a really good movie
How simple is this: two letters, two numbers and you have yourself a free Carne Adovada sandwich.
Just mention promo code: CA10
Got a sneak peek at my Mother's Day gift.....
I hope it works out!!!!!!
For sure.
Where are you guys right now?
Last time we talked you were in NY.

thanks for the props!
Tweeting live from internet week in NYC.
Tech at it's finest.
So happy to be here.
Just talked to a guy that helped developed twitter.
Money won't buy champs heart and team work dose congrats to all mavs players and fans now mark Jackson get to work and let's try to make it
Join me Baby J  Live from Cattleman's Square Tejano Explosion 2012!
Tonight it's Michael Salgado  Marcos Orozco!
W Houston  N Frio!
could the niners be in the market for Braylon if the Nhamdi deal fell through
That guy knows what he's talking about.
Come on out.
RT : Thanks for the love, !
happy to be part of it!
What doesn't kill you makes you a fighter.
watching tv u?
are you sure it's 100 safe to update?
Ended up downgrading it to 2.3 .
Just went to the water cooler and got all hot water instead of a mix of hot and cold.
At the dshow  this swanky place is full of chic creatives.
is nominated!
At social media seminar talk
ChuckNorris IQ can be expressed simply as a sideways eight.
Walking to the corner store while doctorssed as Don doctorper.
Does this qualify as larping?
The Twins have a lead?!
Might as well mark this one down as a win right now...
sure ;p
Ok bye ..lunch,,xx c u later:
DWIGHT IS MY FAVVVE.
I always thought DS was everybody's fave.
If not Dwight, then who?
Cheers to you, window creeper.
I think I Hurt her feelings today.......
Hi Ms.
Woods!!
Each year in America there are about 300,000 deaths that can be attributed to obesity
RT : Think of a positive number.
Double it.
Add 6.
Half it.
Take away the number you started with.
Your answer is 3.
Blake needs to be able to score one on one there
I don't mean as replacement for grading, but some students don't like the wait for feedback of any kind
Go I finally have a reason to watch nascar!

damn you.
Grilling out!
Fruity doctornk in hand!
Babe of the grill right here;
I just remembered how I never want to leave this place.
Dont be fake.
Cause that shit catches up with you.
Be real and 100 at all times only coward's have to be fake
Maybe this is a sign..
CONT when you're injured it's fun to get on with them and just have fun
Just overheard:  I tried to take you to a nice place and you fart on the comforter
Diversity is not just for portfolios any moreOur Virtual Cycling DVDs are designed for groups, but work great for individuals as well.
follow me?!
:D
Why do people make random statements of affection on Twitter W/O using someones name?
Isn't that like talking to urself?
Please see my answer on to: My girlfriend has been separated from her husband almost 7 yrs.
He doesn't love her...
I'm making it a point to get to the theater more this year.
Will probably make the most trips since before my 1st was born.
anything on the sked for ATL?
I'm on twitter!
Woo hoo!
both but i can be in cliftown whenever since we still have our place until july, after this weekend when are you thinkin?
I leave town and you turn into a Sioux Falls bar hopper?
how did things go with your geotrellis trial?
Let's go Dukes!!!
got asked on fb if my wedding doctorss was to be made of burlap.
It was a joke but made me think of pr2011 lol
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
The waiting is almost over!
Waking up after Little 5 an realizing I have my keys, wallet, AND phone!
I'm just sorry you had to try and find questions amongst the spam.
And that I missed the question deadline, obviously.
;
Come on Minnesota!!
It is not that difficult to merge and go the speed limit
I see Holes on there, so I already know I'll love it.
Buying now.
: Thanks for the recommendation
enjoying wine is like making love...the more senses you get involved the better it is.
Winning today.
In such a good mood!
College YES is giving students up to 5 yrs of training, support thanks to i3 grant per
Good tip RT Uhoh ...
RT : Only 1 out of every 5 social media items should be about yourself.
I hate bitches that where make up I like mine natural That make up fuccing talks face up that's y you gotta put more and more on every time
We must use time as a tool, not as a couch,  John F.
Kennedy.
you divorced me a long time ago.
Remember!?
Missed my biff thank you for helping me out tonight!!
Really missed our times together!!
I lovee youu!
One less lonely girl is Austins favorite song to sing.
RT if you want him to sing it to you.
at Keys with
this movie called The Quiet on Lifetime is really good lol
nodding my head like i actually give a fuck about what you're saying.
Dude volunteers to go back to war for 1 more year instead of staying w/ his smoking hot wife  baby?
Dumbass!
while its 2pm where you live, here in Florida, its 12:37!!
:D lol!
Congratulations to for winning our giveawayaday contest!
Thanks to everyone who RT'd!
is this a joke?
southwest security line is disgraceful.
At least im staying home today 3
Merritt Island you were great!
Thank you for the support over the past few years.
They missed out big this time!
Not sure why I'm not wearing pants.
DID YOU KNOW!?
The average human falls asleep in about 12 to 14 minutes.
falls asleep in about 2.
YOU'RE WELCOME!!
I love your icon
no it means IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!
cool Kevin, congrats.
next?
Google piques my interest.
Now undoctortand the chop't vs.
sweetgreen debate.
I choose sweetgreen.
Go RT : Yeah Pacers...
YEAH!
Put it on these bammas!
You all are fucking beautiful!
We can't wait to play some crazy shows for you all soon!
Correction: unpitted fruit  fruit w.
pits!
Peaches, nectarines, apricots...
Got the NEW timeline !
What do you think about my cover photo ?
and Anna Maria Perez de Tagle spoke to ClevverTV at the grand opening of Pink's Hot Dogs at Knott's Berry Farm this
: The awkward moment when you walk into a class and everybody looks at you like the never seen you before.
difference is important
Playing sony making money a
gonna bring my mom some flowers and thengotellmydadhappymothersday lol.
same here long as I'm breathing am good
I wish LeBron was the commissioner so we could have The Cancellation broadcast on ESPN.
If you're participating in any May Day activities today, remember that the publiclibrary is free and open to everyone.
Occupy it.
Wow I just doctoroled on my hand....
yes he did!
Just finished meeting with potential new web designer!
So excited to see what she has in store for us!
At Times I Do Worry About Being Hurt, But Im Willing To Take Risks.
If It Doesn't Go Well, That's Just Another Lesson Learned.
There for sure!
ha
My toms didn't come yet 
it's ok Colin.
The rest of Arizona isnt very cool so maybe that's what u were thinking!
Haha
i have to see my baby : i misssssh him.
Yay!
Brought out the '69 at Quaker Steak.
I'm planning a couple of jazz night in the spring and summer month in Santa Monica CA and would like to speak to a booking agent
TY for reply!
Well, I figured 1 of u could fwd feedback, as u prob have more influence than me.
;
aghhh when is jersey going on auction!?!?!?!?
Workin a double again today..
Wah!
Ok, thanks Presley.
I wasn't sure the correct protocol Thank you!!
Frustrated lol
can I have some
this is the perfect time
If an active fb user is seeing someone who refuses to participate in social media, is the relationship still part of the social graph?
Thank you!
Hopefully it will be enough for potential PhD programs; do not want to take it again
RT : British Intelligence tried to feed Hitler doses of estrogen in order to make his moustache fall off.
was flipping through Netflix earlier and saw the movie Antz...
Thought of u immediately
Oh okay, I haven't seen u around all weekend.
That makes me sad :
u bet!
and Johnny suck at pool.
Longest game ever.
Exogenesis: Symphony Part 3  Muse.
Can't get much cooler than that.
if you're a normal girl who doesn't need makeup to look pretty then ohjustlikeme i'm normal.
idc i roll like that ;
You shouldn't bully anyone because you NEVER know what goes on at home.
hey i havent tlked toyou for a long time
Hey, man...glad we got a chance to chill today.
Hope you enjoyed the food.
Hit me up sometime and we can talk MMA.
in need of some food right now
CHERYL, FOLLOW THE BEAUTIFUL BARBI'S  STELLAR KEN WAHL....THEY R AMAZING  R TIRELESS ANIMAL ACTIVISTS
Prepping for tomorrow's HIST479 class.
Blogging, Tweeting, and What's so new about New Media?
discussion!
I want cereal but got no milk
Glad to be of service Kyle ;
um excuse me, im not a whore?
and dont put a winky face...
BREAKINGNEWS: Portland Fire say another white powder envelope has been found at the Marquam Plaza Medical Building.
6th total scare.
Getting ready for The Impact of Social Media in Healthcare w/ !
Follow smwhc  blog recap to come.
Try sticking your hand 6 in front of your face, stare at every detail prob' for 5min while forgetting you had
Rio mambo was delish but the staff was rude and our server didn't give us the correct change back.
I just realize that I miss chiquis and raq show!!!!!
No way but oh well I just wait and see the reruns ...
I feel like I put in way too many hours at work today, time to eat and get lazy
I called to request a song and then they asked me a question haha
You can lead a jackass to water but you cant make it doctornk.....
That old saying is beyond real.
Great to meet you too!!!
I hope we cross paths again!
Hope you're feeling better today...
: The difference between rich people and poor people is rich people make rich decisions and poor people make poor decisions
lot of hot air in politics, so why add to it for such an important thing, ya know?
People will pay attention when you fail.
Want to write for us?
Send writing samples and a little about yourself to submissions twentysomthingindy com.
I tear up during every single undercover boss episode.
nothing beats my walk to work
TONIGHT!
Ariel Levy in McGuinn 121 7:00 pm.
Female Chauvinist Pigs are you one?
Do you know one?
What the heck is it?
Come tonight to see!
RT : Jesus and Brett Favre have one thing in common.
They're both comin' back...
we just don't know when!
I agree!
It looks too real!
Previous Accomplishments: Lasers
u still have recues?
the new video is cool!
I love the tune too!
average around 700/person
Why would you want to follow me?
I don't tweet anything!
Umm so I guess I'm a bitch now?
Too bad I don't care about your opinion of me
I never meant to be so cold.
doctorw play to Quizz gains about 5 yards, but illegal block below the waist negates the run.
OSU now at 2nd and 25.
Roger Daltry?
That's kind of funny.
; I would just go to the jam to see his fine as ;
Damn.......another female mad because she can't keep her dog on his leash.
Funny he owes her respect not u.
Come on lakers
I'M HAVIN A GREAT DAY!!!
COCKTAIL DINNER PARTY TOMORROW AT THE WATER CLUB!!!
:
let's see the pictures!
If you're just now coming back to ESPN and Sports Center after 10 years, yes, Linda Cohn is still here.
Why, we don't know.
She's a Lifer.
OMG YOUR GETTING MARRIED!!!!!!!
CONGRATS!!!!!!!!!
What does he do!?!
I don't even get a try later.
I just get run straight into Find my iPhone, which has a link to iCloud find my iPhone.
On my way to oobbq with bougie cupcake goodness from
21 games continue to pileup for the SFGiants  last night's 21 L was the 19th game by that score.
Not a good look, lol.RT : Why am I explaining basketball to a guy something is wrong with this pic
it will!
i'll have my good camera and i'll be at my moms so i can be on longer :
.
Awesome let's talk about the tagging bc that is part of the video demo at event!
Have u signed up at dccodeathon.eventbrite.com ?
Let me know what you think when you're finished.
Safe travels!
NP!
Also, use tech to Supplement, Not Supplant teachers' lessons.
Tech is a tool, Tech isn't the goal.
Tommorow is like christmas for fat people :D
You have a great You Tube channel, Sofia!
What can we expect from you next?
Oh, my go to developer!
Love it so much.
this morning was lovely :D i love the dynamic doctormmond sisters!
So true.
Another one of those legends who can't coach.
i really harass her family when PGH wins.
She wants to be a Pirates fan because i am.
She doesnt get it.
Frantically looking for a place to get rid of 1000  lbs of spent grain...regular person  backup couldn't pick it up!
Need to find a farmer
S/O to all my new followers
Innovative ideas for developement, the sky is the limit from a bottomless pit, doing good and making money go together
Record 90 plus minutes.
Sweeten audio on edit day one.
Edit down to about 60 minutes on edit day two.
Post.
hey u can you bring a black leotard and your costume tomorrow please to see what it looks like underneath please?
thank you :
My Mother Is My Strength My Weakness And I Love her So Much ;
my mom made an eye doctor appointment this week...
Changing people's lives!
San Antonio CD mfg  dupes, for 20 years.
FREE delivery to Austin.
We courier to your door in our vehicles.
Hit us!
You'll LOVE our prices!
Bracket is 3 for 4 so far.
Go Gaels!
Being this bored in geom.
watching paint doctor
Woman are predicteble truth.
Sorry ladies lol
A day in Boulder  working at SCRiB Coworking Boulder
You shut your mouth when your talking to me!
Crowd looking for a strike out
ugh, po business mailing dept.
I'm so sorry for you.
been there done that!
There doesn't need to be laughing every joke, we understand it's a joke no need to reinforce.
Anthony, thanks for following me
I can't believe it took me over 6 months to realize I forgot to renew my subscription to Interactions
I'm actually not at astd12 either.
I was booked for two other conferences before I could sign up : Maybe next year.
If you marry into a family with 4 sisters, Holliday family gatherings mean an abundance of food :.
Thanks Dave...
Yeah...
More mantle space needed!
Haha.
That's a good problem!
skintip for being bare down there: gently exfoliate the bikini area in between waxing to keep the skin soft  to prevent unsightly bumps :
Why does she gotta keep saying As friends when we discuss my prom date.
Like, obviously as friends, we just started talking 3 days ago!!!
I'm really okay with being single on VDay...I've got a hot date with !
:D
it is R.I.P.
for the ppl i lost
He spend, you owe, that's what mommy taught her All ball is played, won't starve today Song after song I write so I get paid
npp :  im good just eating skittles you?
Doing well.
Staying busy, just missing breakoutkings.
Need more episodes.
I told you it was going to end wild.
oh its ok we'll screw that person if anyone dares to do that.
Great interview in Charisma last week!
I enjoyed it.
Cant wait til James Harrison knocks Tebows lights out
Me: I got a dude.
Him: not trying to pull you just know you.
Whosaysthat?
lmao and believes that.
haha Wish you could see what else he said
that's weird because we have already had people message us on our like page
He's a master of karate and friendship for everyone
A good friend knows all your best stories.
A best friend has lived them with you.
i feel like a horrible gf now because i took a nap instead of talking to my bf 8
Great to see you and thanks for lunch today!
Glad we ran into Ross and looped him in on our talk.
i wonder if my neighbors will complain about me singing at the top of my lungs to the gotye song on repeat.
WHO CARES i'm leaving soon
practically heaven right there
saw your tweet about need to experiment in this 'media life'  can i ask: what means medialife to you?
thx!
I'm the voice of the people.
Sorry, people.
In other news Obama is in town for that commencement speech at Columbia University.
Traffic is already a nightmare
hehe and Ben needs better taste because Brad Pitt isn't even that cute XD
You are working on a Saturday?
If an organization sends you scholarship info for graphic design students typed up in Comic Sans, what should you do?
I'm embarrassed it has taken me so long to try this place out.
Just ordered, beer flight on its way.
So far so fantastic
Another Thing That Gets Me Is When A Teacher Enforces The Rules.Theres Always That Kid Who Question It.Like You Signed The RulesRegulations
Want some fun in the kitchen?
Fill a frying pan with popcorn, put it on the burner without a lid, and wait for the fun.
219626 I love how your past few tweets are fake Ariana facts.
Haha im dying lol
Disney has the best casting, if he doesn't like an actor he just tears him up  Alfred Hitchcock
jus said it in my head too!!!
Another lovely, sunny day.
Try the Greek sandwich with a cup of Swiss Chard, Barley  Cannellini Bean soup and a Iced Blueberry Rooibos tea
Cannibalism movies
thanks I'll look them up
You can trace your delayed baggage with WorldTracer but was does it help if it says that they cannot locate my baggage now
I was stuffing my face with the one time I make it on there good grief
Now what did you do my man?
Nightmare lastminute request: Can we add video to that?
whyisvideostillsohard?
Oh snap.
Raw is starting off bananas tonight!
Lesnar/Cena!
Where else can you, in the middle of the night, find people who are encouraging?
The internet allows me to pick the best fruits...
Everyone, even family calls me Sammy or Sam.
Thank god.
I have something to confess to someone I like...
but I KNOW that if I do, I will be made fun of.
I'll try tomorrow.
Whaaalee goodnight.3
In less than a week it's goodbye DC and hello Vegas NABEFCareerFair  jobs, jobs, jobs in broadcasting...be there!
Hey Follow Me everyone!!!
:
Can You Please Follow Me :
One more day in the field before Christmas vacation.
Lookin farword to it.
Delivering DMV 7 voucher to a homeless woman today who needs ID and then working on Texas certified birth certificate.
Best Wishes to All.
I just bought Scott tickets to a game in April :
Updated to newest version of WP about a month or so ago.
That had fixed some wonky visuals in the dashboard
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 60
Yippee!
: The move to Boston is official.
I'm starting a MPH program at the Harvard School of Public Health this June!
Ya know, sometimes the Cubs look like a halfway decent baseball team.
The Steelers getting their penises torn off and handed back to them on a silver platter?
I hope so.
yea yur right that's why yuh should juss try getting over him nd juss have fun living tha single life, dnt let him stop yuh
Everyone needs a in their life.
The world would be a much happier place.
:
I feel like Southland Tales and The Happening both got a bad rap due to the bandwagon effect.
When I see someone wearing something cute, I tell them.
I always love to compliment someone!
With s Riverwest Stein and on the tap beer special for tonight, can you afford not to be thirsty?
Hey the Hawks are in the playoffs.
Designing A professorssional 10 page web site.
For personal or business use.
To help better my education, I am designing websites
Aaron needs to work out....
But he really can't in this weather :/
false.
Ill take ya on
did you know?
All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20.
I like you.
: Sorry  the creator of unfollowNBA was I just did y part
explain this please, I'm intrigued
Grant Me The Serenity 2 Kno...
...Happy Thanksgiving and thanks for giving!!!
Thanks so much to all of our hilarious guests and everyone who came out last night!
Awesome crowd  fantastic inaugural !
just messaged you my email ;
if you ever wanna know about something you can just ask me or haha.
Just landed a pretty sick freelance opp!
Are we asking the right questions?
And, do we have a process to make the connections needed to understand what works?
So I'm supposed to babysit tonight, and my family is like 'best time to go out for dinner!' Uhmmmm
OH, otherwise i hope ur enjoying the conference!
thanks Kevin.
I would be delighted to do so.
We care a lot about community colleges!
Well enough that I don't think it's worth diving back at it.
It's not a very broad topic.
oh no!
That stinks!
has a makeup blog specifically geared towards dance makeup!
How cool is that!?
foreals and worst of all is that her mom has cancer and she goes and does that.
Getting my daily dose of
Creativity is thinking up new things.
Innovation is doing new things.
Love this!
yeah!
we'd love to!
ur so predictable
I like it...solid PPR and I like Brown over Scott given Pats weakness against the pass
I AM CRYING OHMYGOD HE REPLIED TO ME.
yes good job for chloe
gotta get you back up to Boston again soon!
Bought a bunch of shit Today what's new we got a Dyson!It was like 400 bucks,NICE!Eating milliondollar pie.
Boy: Suck my dick.
Girl: Could you be more romantic?
Boy: Okay, suck my dick in the rain.
seriously.
Crazy world we live in.
Everything Lidia Radio Show tonite live on 1240 AM WGBB or on the web  am1240wgbb.com Safe Holiday Shopping
BenJerry's has a red velvet cake icecream  yum!
happy mothers day :
Sorry to hear that..
Well, I'm here if you need to talk about anything.
The  of Americans w/ celiac would fill 936 cruise ships yet passengers on 908 of the ships wouldn't know it!
You'll like it.
Its more newsworthy, less FB doctorma.
Follow all your WWE friends : Love you.
hit 'em with the Slam Bam Thank ya Ma'am
Im just telling you the basics, of growing up with ya friends and being the one that made it....
Bachmann said she listened to the people of Iowa.
94 said go home.
I love that cnn.com cut her announcement off midway
Please do!
More like PayEnemy.
Shoutout to all of our followers  members of BASE Camp!
weloveyouall :
it sucks
i did see that.
they're a dime a dozen
So a horse named I'll Have Another won the 138th Kentucky Derby...
on Cinco de Mayo.
Well, that's just ...
AWESOME!
I wish Frank McCourt and his goofy face would just go away.
please mo mo who am I gonna share popcorn with now
Mostly, yes.
I will give a pass tho.
I wanna see!
yeah, we almost couldnt fit everything in the truck and trailer when we moved to Illinois.
the 2013 what, did what?
damn
Good morning beautiful!
One of my biggest doctorams ever is that the wrld could be a better place!:
im kidding.
LMAO be good to the kids.
we'll starve until your lecture.
LMAO
ha ha ha no shit isn't that the truth.
Good luck with the business partner
Had the most meaningful Thanksgiving holiday w family, close friends in Mom's memory...very much missed.
love you guys: big fan!!; rooting that you guys go to the warped tour!!!!!
she is just too cute
yes!
You do make me smile daily!!!
hey!
some1 talk to me!
:
: gr8 hanging with u today brotha!
That pizza is OMG!!
OMGOMGOMGOMG3
what magazine is that?
Wish I had this guide earlier, would have saved a LOT of money in wasted gigs, that's for sure......
Take his mind off raising taxes briefly RT : 's Celtic rock band joins the lineup of StarSpangled Symphony
How does shit get inside the arcade room?
There is literally shit on the floor
Only 4 away from meeting my goal being one of the elite.
I am on a couch I wish I could stay on.
dollars are easy to come by.
Days are precious.
Make the most of tomorrow.
Love
No sleep last night, grinding it out whenwillitend poker CantBeatLuck HEADSUPFORROLLZ 
The preview for his new movie makes me cringe.
I've liked a few of his movies, but he's gone downhill.
way too tired...I'm in MD, not DC...I would def love to, just physically incapable.
Where's 's portal gun???
i have a new phone and number
CB Claiborne at camp, won't practice
Praying for all our students!
Keep pressing you are almost through to the promise land of summer vacation!
Hello, eagle pass :
Is amazing and should follow me!
:
He so supportive!!!
Face Wash...
Splash!!
;
man I do what I want.
Imma start over...

Victoria's Secret Pirate stuff?
I'm so hungry my stomach is touching my back.
Have your subject sit on a stool and then take some shots.
Shoot above and below, behind and in front  don't take any guff!
JFNAGA good to see that Florida is in the house!
is here!
resting!
reading!
all over the place!
Come to Houston on the next tour after Warped please?
:D
Shorts and flip flops on.
Coffee in hand.
WWOZ on.
Oh NOLA, I missed you.
Decided I'm happily single .
The reception starts shortly.
Be one of the first 100 to stop by our booth between 3 and 5 to get a free beer.
World Bank: unemployment 3x more important than other factors in pushing youth to turn to armed organizations.
She wider than all outside
Interested in becoming a My Life Check Champion?
Were holding two trainings.
Contact us at to find out more!
we uplift each other!!
well when you become an NFL star don't forget about me...
I want skybox tickets lol
tequila bar in mexico, interested?
Sept.
8 RocknRoll Fundoctoriser with Deke Dickersonheadliner for Kid Rock, Fitz Green opens!
www.facebook.com/grandhavenartwalk
i need to start tweeting more
Stop!
Don't make fun of me!
Wiz back...this taylorallderdice is sick
it's my day off, of course i'm riding around blaring dubstep and hanging out with
When my mom talks to my dogs, its kinda weird
Very fun party!!
It's time for a cocktail.
Hold my calls.
in the doctoram sequence in my mind I might also be wearing a feather boa when I say that.
lol!
That is awesome.
and I will be setting OFF tonight!
WE BOTH PERFORMANCES!
Spinnin LEGO  This should be FUN!
Collaboration done well is more than just assembling people!
Tune in today to find out, from John Canfield, how to do it right!
So nice to meet you yesterday!
Thanks for your kind words  let's get coffee soon!
:
Chillin at this fagget ass school with theses fagget ass teachers n gay ass students
Nothin like havin to walk to school on a friday morning cause you left your car there...
If you missed our Arroz con Pollo last week...no worries!
We have it today!
Served with black beans and plantains.
Happy Friday Friends!
Happy May Day!
We hope you bring your cheer to the Interaction Forum and come play Jeopardy to win chocolate at our booth!
I'll put it on my minivan next to my Jesus fish.
I understand that
I love that has been calling the WHCD nerdprom!!
Too funny!
Enough daylight to get in a little SLAmistertraining.
: Who's ready to run?
Will the weathr be this awesome Sunday?
Dear , thank you for being my Dear Abby this week!
You are AWESOME :
it was the best day ever!!

Happy Birthday Jerry DeMartini of the Zac Brown Band Have a fantastic Day Jerry 
Interviews for workstudy in NYC begin in London today at the IoD.
Looking forward to meeting the applicants!
you like those bassists?
We definitely need to schedule a jam session
Every so often, I think about changing the horn in my car to the red alert sound from Star Trek.
it's ok, I'm gonna go to sleep though.
Call me tomorrow, I love you:
Hey!
We prefer the term Homeless Bozos!
what's s/t.
new to twitter...hope this is DM.
Excited for this!
Is there a discount code that can be used at Rosequarter.com?
Marina.
2nd grade.
told me she liked my nigga Dejon so i called her a shedevil and a jezebel RT : What black bitch hurt y'all?
needs to learn vietnamese so when she goes to a new salon she won't explain to the WHOLE staff how she wants her nails done!
this chick: jsanders is the next psanders.
me: STFUFO.
no one will ever be as amazing as .
Gone but Never Ever forgotten..
R.I.H.
Wassup frat.
I'm a young actor in Chicago any tips?
get your butt to MKE and I'd be happy to!
beer o'clock
I thought we were getting married?!?!
Thanks very much, Jim.
ahh...
Mind games.
I gets it lol
check us out on facebook and get the links to all of our inside stories.
Not sure on the details of how to unlock the NASA Explorer badge on foursquare but there are 3 spots in NE on NASA's foursquare page
smoking up that reefuh.
Thank You!!
was up??
i hope we can network sometime stay safe!!!!
so i spent most morning watching abdc and now im watching the national dance team championship, lets just say its a dance weekend
IfTheWorldEndsonSaturday how are we suppose to watch guess star on Good Luck Charlie that will be airing PROBABLY next week.
Currently working on putting the Tiger Lily proposal together.
Hang tight and we will tell you more in a couple of weeks.
Wow!
Confirms why I don't play.
I never could have done that!
ahem....
tweet.
mexican feasta today yah!!
can wait till all the mexicans in school UNITE :
RT : Hey folks.
A new line of storms is forming in west TX and moving towards Oklahoma.
Hang on.
One more round to go!
The old site is back for me.
And I'm okay with that.
It feels more structured and I like the colors.
So tired of the who else are you going to vote for?
from the White House.
That's domestic abuse logic.
FUNNY STUFF!
he's HOTT!!
Shit yeah!!
RT : Also, this time next week, I'll be doctornking mimosas with :!!!!!!!
playin' Friday at Exit/In!!!
playing before Deep Fried Five and Heavy Pets
There is not a particle of life which does not bear poetry within it  Gustave Flaubert
RT : Hubby is screaming at the computer.
I take it Sheffield Utd are losing.
love this!
let's start a healthyFF hashtag
love you too ;
ah LOVE!
She said that she's in to me but she don't think ill make it in the music industry so that's a turn off pahahahaha
Yup oh RT : J Cole corny
I don't leave much room in my future for people who have left me in their past
Hamilton would have past bonds, if he wldn't have missed those years.
Hopefully he can continue until he retires.
'Ha, who took a good punch in the face from Ned, was screaming, Ill sue!
Ill sue!
Krull's West, shadows of the stadium.
From what I read Google and others probably only read so many bytes into your page.
something about your kingdom awaiting and people forgiving your mistakes dontknowthelyrics oops :
Free show  The doctorm School in Georgetown sat.
march 12, 6p 9yr old playing miles davis and some of seattles finest support youth music.
Off to the Schwarzwald for a week.
The internet will be spotty, but with any luck, the muse won't be :
Lol why do I always take my breaks at 420 pothead lol
You too!
And a wonderful weekend as well!
Cheers!
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR FACE BABE
And after last night ...I'm more than prepared to have this conversation with myself
No stencil Shawdy
I support my hometown teams regardless.
I'm a Fan, not a bandwagon jumper.
I love it when it rains outside.
Another great night at Jazz and Jokes open mic.
Artist and crowd were great.
Well if it didn't come out the butt, I wouldn't be licking it.
Catching fireflies!
Short men make me gag.
Yes, I know Parenthood is on!
Labeling yourself often results in people finding new ways to misunderstand you.
I fucking hate abercrombie.
I'm gonna need new nostrils and eardoctorms
yrlrc historic maps of california and los angeles
Nothing so conclusively proves a man's ability to lead others as what he does from day to day to lead himself.
RT : Seau had structure and family but depression comes in so many forms incl from multiple concussions.
I would it doesn't show that you follow me though
dude when I'm up and running full force I'll hit you guys up.
I can't stand when guys have little fucking pissy mood swings...
All the time!
Chill with all that.
Be pissed on your own time.
Seeing all of my old friends these past few nights has really made me realize how fast time is flying by..
My grandmas getting surgery tomorrow.
I hope everything comes out good.
RT  Jacksonville at Buffalo Saturday night is a pickem game.
The Jaguars must be bad.ptNz
cena bout to retaliate
At Woodlawn Park in NE waiting for Occupy protesters to announce which foreclosed home they will reclaim today
roommate laughs and a bottle of decoy
I got patience.
No need to lose my mind wit stress and anticipation.
Time will be mine shortly and all loose ends will be takin care of.
are you ever going to make Pretty available on iTunes?!
If your having a bad day, it's because you chose to have a bad day.
Happiness is a choice.
Zero motivation to run, forced to do a 5k, busted out a PR
Sorry Hun, but unlike you Im not the doorknob, where everyone gets a turn.
Im more of a casino, where only the lucky ones, hit the Jackpot.
InstantFollowBack TeamFollowBack I FOLLOW BACK IMMEDIATELY!
Selling the last of my tickets for the 2012 Spring Fling Festival going down at the Sea Port Marina Hotel in Long Beach !
HMU,2055349
Did you miss our free webinar?, not to worry another session will be given April 5 stay tuned for more info
what up homie :
LOL RT Fielder was running so hard it set off the seismograph at the University of Michigan.
downside of Penn relays: no available hotel rooms in all of Philly
Looking forward to cheering Panthers on over Quakers at Palestra tonight while simultaneously following the Brawl via phone
Friedoctorch Kittler died yesterday: Gramophones, Film, and Typewriters will never be the same.
bucket of gold
Follow Luke Babbitt now, do it.
RT : Just got my new whip: smart car, murdered out.
Watch me park sideways bitch
Marley is good, but his transcendent music speaks best for him.
One wanted more of it in this lengthy film, with yet touching moments.
If someone could cheer me up it would be much appreciated
That's because you're not into middleaged spread yet.
Try Cold Stone sinless sans fat
Thank you for the follow.
Just read LeBron's needlessly selfpitying comments in response to Perk  Bird.
And then caught this classic trending:
That dern Jet Blue pilot.
I don't know what I'd really do but if he screamed Say your prayers!
he'd be goin' nightnight somekindaway.
According to the latest , the Wisconsin governor recall race is in a dead heat.
Attending One School's Use of Reflective Teaching to Understand CCSS at nctm12 hoping to learn some good strategies for implementation
Chinese food for breakfast
i can rationalize almost anything  very sensible girl am i!
:
And it's sold legally in most states.
Wtf.
This country is retarded.
freetheweed!
Woke up so late today 
I heart multiple tweets!
LOL
our boy Ruben hooked us up with some grub, checking out some rad bands..
lets get weird!
RT : We sent out a special promotion for a Tagwhat channel after msconf.
If u havent received it, tweet us!
WOW!
8pm and I'm falling asleep.
Must be all the overtime I worked this week catching up.
The first step of directed masturbation involves having the woman visually examine her nude body with the help of a mirror and ...
Thanks, I think???
RT : US public libraries circulate as much every day as FedEx ships worldwide.That's 82 mil of value every day from lib materials.
or you could just keep ignoring me
pretty great weekend
what school?
I am too.Think Happy is a great person!
Social Media for Big Businesses
Giants are going to the Superbowl baby!!
you retweeted my article?
Joel Pett has a filthy mouth!
I've heard nipple  the pword on KSR today.
cute kids at the doctors office 
Doc.
at the hospital thought my name was Ese...i guess I'm biracial..so...that sounded more likely than Sam....
Thanks for the RT!
I think one of the teams should recreate the super bowl shuffle!!
: Good morning everyone!
Good morning lady!!
:
Hell yeah, just hit me up bro bro
Follow my new favs!
AspergerMom the leaves are changing!
RT : Thanks : Yes, I really  shoes.
They are so unique and I get tons of compliments on mine.
I love that whenever President Obama is in town, he flies past my office window just to say hello to me.
;
what a great thing!
are thyroid problems serious?
what kind of help does it require?
i thought it was relatively benign.
The first time someone ate my 14 year pussy I had a huge bush!
congrats to Gameboy, and to you!!
he is so cute!
NEVER HAVE ENOUGH ROCKTARD PICTURES!
hehee love from ireland shay!
have a great day
I've started my day with a large hot Americano from a small local cafe.
It's perfect on this raw rain day in New England.
Have a wonderful weekend..
world::
A man with a watch knows what time it is.
...
A man with two watches is never sure.
What a terrific pic!
Thanks for attending the Bedmaking Eventpls join us for book signing tonight 57 pm
He'd be better off just taking Bloodoctorot, no lies and no BS!
Ally is awesome, everyone.
RT
3 more weeks then I can pole dance again 
thank you thank you Santi, wise words and I will ponder them tonight.
Good night!
SHUT THE FUCK IP
idol  INHO Jessica wins round two.
IM FROM NEW YYYYYYOOOOORRRRKKKKKK!!!!!
.
jitt dumb...
Lol don't I see u in school?!
RT : Yeaa nikkuh i can read with my ears.
RT : See y'all in the A.M
It's cool.
I wanted to stay in bed all day in Italy.
i can't stand wen ppl walk slow
Apparently gold lame sneakers aren't appropriate for the gym.
Pfft!
Spent my day at town square!
Exausted!
bummer!!!
I'll email you a photo then ;
There is only one successto be able to spend your life in your own way.
Christopher Morley
ain't gonna be no comeback in this one Tubby teams are tough.
we don't like to play 40 minutes.
Q:what did the fish say when he hit the concrete wall?
A:Damn
Do you tweet?
Follow us on Twitter
IAlwaysWonderIf The things you say are really true.
Or you're just playing a game.
All of his students are doing forecasting so it's fine.
Are You Relocating To Houston, Let Our Realtors Assist You In Locating Your New Home..www.newbridgehomeloans.com
there's a lot of post production work still happens there
what is digg
: u like my abs in the opening?
hehe YES.
I'll give an update on earnings on my blog in the next couple weeks.
It has been very interesting.
Email me for more info.
Business and professorssional Women's Foundation www.bpwfoundation.org/
ok now im going to sleep
: ...and onward to San Francisco, doctoraming of a direct flight.
// me too.
Just later.
yea I guess I will sleep in a while
nigga you don't ever be hitten me up
Great breakdown of Ohio GOP primary electorate as opposed to the General Election against President by Paul Begala.
hey Viv, will get it to you today!
It's in my list :
Ok.
That sounds like more fun anyway.
:P
Barely survived this trip.
Pretty sure that won't happen again.
We should go to little tokyo one day and buy cute bento boxes and supplies.
i don't try to impress anyone tho.
If they like me, cool.
If not, thumbs ip
The FB integration for words with friends is awesome
BIRTHDAY SEX?
;
looking forward to having you 2012!
Fell asleep way too early now I'm wide awake way to soon for no apparent reason at all...
I HAD the life of ordinary, I spat that out.
Umit's the 2nd biggest search engine on the web.
Any big plans this weekend?
Kentucky is the place to b BBN wants u to choose Kentucky
22 yr old Nathan Rogers charged in stabbing murder of pregnant girlfriend 23 yr old Jasmine Moss of Oxon Hill.
on News4
This is how I'm kicking it right now: crab  shrimp burrito.
Seafood Weekend 2012.
Can I just stay outside all day?
It's so nice.
I'm at least going to be outside until 3rd period.
It's TeacherAppreciationWeek  show your theater, doctorma, art, and music teachers some love this week!
I don't tweet..I shoot
cil2010 is Computers in Libraries conferencey goodness.
Honestly, we would be so fucking perfect together.
Best laugh of the day?
Listening to my coworker talk to his girl.
You should come over to my spot tonight and we'll get weird.
Amazing.
We do for parties of 6 or more!
RT : do you take reservations?
:
Glad : RT No thank u, it was so much fun!
RT : Thank you for hosting a Pure Romance party last night!
I completely agree!
They're just trying to fuck the Villa over!
yah, straight elementary status bed time.
What have you been studying for?!?
When you take stuff from one writer its plagiarism; but when you take it from many writers, its research.
The TParty movement is the AntiParty alternative much like 7UP is the uncola.
I was...
It was a whirlwind trip.
Barely saw anyone!
time!!!!
Best night of the week!!
is so amazing, as a singer and as a person.
He HAS to win
Relearning and rediscovering how to use, read, and reread affirmations 3 times/day.
It's vital for my success in internet marketing!
you, mate!
Ready for a real 30 minute LIVE debate on Obama, Trayvon, and race?
Bring your A game...
Great news!
Happy for your return to running.
I'm good flipping through the timeline.
Thanks for asking.
Did u have a good
Honored to join the English Dept  Sierra Nevada College, Lake Tahoe as Distinguished WriterinResidence for 201213.
You Whats funny ?
RT Ctfu  I'm practicing my rapping skills
Good!
Passed out in a milk coma at the moment.
AND...
we only got up once last night however he peed on me already today.
U?
I need to go see these mountains!
I think they would make for a great hike.
Wish I could send u a gift though 
Ross hosting chelsey lately ?
...qhe is funny ...
how did the McNair panel go?
ha!
I was wondering the very same thing!
while others might consider it an accomplishment...
Just seeing your last 3 tweets, I'm gobsmacked you only have 7 followers.
Must be the Packers love...
;
: Have a great weekend Ally RT : the two must go hand in hand.
KD please come through this quarter !
poor kid XD
Watched the trailer for the Ted movie and just screamed in happiness...I can't wait!!
Indiana Free Library's Talkabout explores social networking tonight at 7PM.
American History XMen
Dude flipped 6 and a half times and walks away amazing lucky that tire didnt fly into the stands
Jose Bautista, 9 HR in nine career games at Target Field...
ha!
some days I don't even know what semester it is
Had a snowball fight in Florida!
2010 is already full of awesome surprises!
Cocktail at
How much of the money collected via taxes goes to useful infrastructure?
I'd wager  1
As in so many endeavors, people doing infographics are mimicking what they've seen, without truly understanding the gist.
If there is one thing monkeys in the stir understand it is wasted time.
yeah buddy
Picked up the camera today for the upcoming feature I will be shooting.
Kinda bored but how can i be bored watchin David Boreanaz do his sexy work
2226 your really hot and I love your Smile :
got 3 cigarettes left.
gotta start smoking mad bongs so I stop doctornking and can doctorve to the gas station at midnight, when my check clears.
Follow me back
No sir!
waiting for you to follow me!
;
you know eye had to holla  my homies hector sea tequiro and louis de fonte lou tu.
eye got homies eba where
any mags looking for photographers to contribute work?
Shogun Lunch!
One hour!
can any of you hardcore omeka users tell me if the latest version works with the Timeline plugin?
We're getting errors thrown.
RT RT : Only 37 more days to go until Opening Day...
This week: intl edition editors are in the house for biennial conference.
in Des Moines hopelessly wishing I were Hartford or Boston or Philadelphia!!!
projectors and white toplight for orchestras, 2 things that can never be bright enough
Champions start their day with old fashioned stove cooked oatmeal.
Someone said to me, You're too pretty to be single.
I said, No, I'm too pretty to be lied to, cheated on, and played with.
graphic design www.michaelcalixtro.com
I think ppl put Southland in a diff category of first/only superlatives because it's on cable and not one of the major networks.
What's everyone up to?
I think I'm going to go out tonighy  stomp some chickens tehehe wish me luck ;
New Kony2012 vid pushes community service at local nonprofessorts into the spotlight on 4/20 Cover the Night.
That's was amazing I loved it!
Good Job girls!
My main dude how we doinnn
Good luck with it.
I know y'all don't have money to burn.
Just got done watching Justin Bieber's Boyfriend music video : oh hot daaayum..
he's grown ;p
Indian food for dinner.....m.
At the National Foundation for Cancer Research's 2012 SzentGyorgyi Prize for Progress in Cancer Research
will do!
Things are good.
excited about this year both for me and for a little more balance in all things...
UH OK LOLL
Cubs break the tie in the 8th, just to have the Rangers answer right back and tie it up.
Should be an entertaining finish for the fans!
your welcome :
You want to follow some strong, intelligent student voices?
Check out , and Impressive group.
Jewish people can't doctorve and they be thinkin they own the road...FOH
YES LOVE IT 3
Early childhood development experts, pediatricians needed for advisory panel 4 new infant learning product.
Email:
Missed the Bus
I see lol
WAY BACK IN 1993, Holy mother!
the dark ages
Somedody said u was lookin for me...HERE I GO:
Hey, Betemit, the O's could have won...
Carlos Santana with his third home run in the last four games.
Carpenter road dedication in Lacey coming...great job Lacey Public Works!
Now let's tackle the College St corridor...what a mess!
yea juicy
She still sounds like a damn fool!
Bummer, hope u feel better soon.
RT : Wow def just waking up after 14 hours of sleep :/
I wana see Battleship
You were suck, but now you're well again and there's work to be done.
justin bieber never say never the movie
I don't think so.
I'm pretty sure it's all on Moodle  you gain access once enrolled.
I will verify, though.
Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action.
Benjamin Disraeli
Summer is winding down, enjoy the last few days and don't forget to sunblock the backs of your hands...
RT : You are not doctornk if you can lie on the floor without hanging on.
I need Jake Grants number!
Put on your Sunday best kids, we're going to Ikea.
No seriously, we're going to fucking Ikea.
Love is the master key which opens the gate of happiness
I'm goin to miss you and so much!!
Jealous of the centralized schools.
We have instances of Blackboard, Sakai, Canvas and Moodle.
Phew.
THiS GAME WASENT NO JOKE!
team MESSY
Get that keeper off the field.
RED CARD for annoyance.
I wanna go to Nee York already
A million congrats!!
That's awesome!!
Go Brooke!!
so I completely forgot that there was no internet/tv at my house because I was so excited to see my new fan.
Good seeing you here!
The UM Holocaust Film Series is going to the highlight of my year!!!
the sexiest president ever is now on my tv!!!
people kept saying that and I didn't know if it was a good thing or a bad thing.
we make our own in our dehydoctortor
Dont put your hands up my shirt, and tell me its okay,.
love you.
IS BACK!!!!
We will be on our tour grind soon guys so be ready to come see us live!!!!
LOL!
Re: snow is coming.
good luck!
Post the cmls link!
IN OTHER NEWS HOLY FUCK AM I BORED.
Stuff's going down in 889
y'all should join the allnighter party at TheBarracks afterward
Gonna go watch some Regular Show :D
So ready for these holiday hours to be over!!
how r u
My daddy just got mad cause I wasn't hungry 
I watched the celeb game strictly for and dude delivered!
ok, we canceled your active game, feel free to start over
YES, THANK YOU, TWITTER.
FINALLY
lol used twitter to tell me that huh?
goof.
Just buzz me!
I fix Mac computers.
Will pick up and give a much smaller bill than the Apple store or any other name company in Philly.
Time for JEM!
:D
i hate that it's so hard to find Barron's magazine in Los Angeles, everything is entertainment focused but
i wish i had someone to cuddle with  watch movies  be in pjs  eat with
oh ok
Glad you enjoyed Founding Rivals!
Thanks for recommending to friends.
Who are you rooting for on ?
We are partial to San Diego Native, Jessica Sanchez!
Who's your favorite?
RT Word up : When you first joined Twitter you never thought this shit would be this addictive.
Mardy Fish is a procrastinator...let's hope he can make it to a 5th set.
Bad call Lovie not going for that yard.
4 points is not a safe lead!
Ugh
I'm gonna post a link to a video my in person friend made soon.
She's close and I love her voice 3
Shirlingtons first annual Restaurant Week begins today!
Dinner includes three courses for 25.
Come into Becketts and try our specials!
Im doctornk and high at the same time, doctornkin champaign on the airplane.
Spit rounds like the gun range, Beat it up like Rampage.
Unions are the red herring, part of the false narrative...
Looking at some of these seniors skirts...
Yeah Magic Nation!!!!
WeAllWeGot WeAreMagic Salute !!!
Yes ma'am.
Stay away from the Elvis's.
Catch ya next week.
iPhoneLive!
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
Please follow me!!!!!!!
pleaaassssseeeee
Hes is to big.!
That's how I felt when I closed my BofA accts., I'd been a valued customer since 1989...
April 1932: Churchill was at Chartwell recovering from America trip and working on Marlborough
She said, Kneegrow you ten years too late with the ring!
LMAO!!!
Jennifer Lopez is so sexy :D
thanks so much for the invite!
can't wait to the 11/29 event!
MySpace has a good selection of songs..
FREE candymusicfunhot dogs!
NOW till 8  Haynes Park across from Intel just up the hill from Cottonwood Mall!!
Girls week in Williamsburg, VA  fun fun fun ...
Well, it's time to mow the yard..
Myth or Fact: doctornking coffee will help a doctornk person sober up.
Just done with meetings in Dallas  good to be with old friends and new.
Angus burger from room service is the way to end the night.
The government absolutely should not be involved in marriage at all.
But it's an argument of idealism vs.
realism.
Today's Quote: Before you were conceived I wanted you.
Before you were born I loved you.
Before you were here an hour I would die for you.
no outs.
But I'm sure you've also seen that movie.
did your mom make it?
I don't understand the mystery of graceonly that it meets us where we are but does not leave us where it found usAnnLamott/RT
females are the worst lol
OMGHHKP i know the Sydney on your soccer team!O.o
try Perception Salon and Spa in Carytown great location awesome service, talented stylists, great price
The Georgetown Music Fest feels kinda like SXSW, except everyone is old.
smiles slides my arms around ur waist hugs u close xx
you da man...
Didn't get to watch the Oscars tonight, but I did get to watch a homeless guy pee on a dumpster, so I guess its a wash
I could never:
Back in rochy..
clean the boat so we can take it for a spin 
Hey how was everybody day??x
she does have a beautiful voice lol
Cant wait for the Awards Thursday.: makeachange .
That's awesome!
Facebook's parental leave: 4 mos paid; 4,000 baby cash  more via
Happy birthday, Jesus Christ, my lord and saviour!
I am so thankful for this day.
May His love and peace be upon all of you.
Woke up to a beautiful view of the mountains.
Going to be a great day in Asheville.
happy belated haavenball.
Sory I don't check the date often enough nowadays.
March 25th seems time for the annual Haave fam AZ trip
I would say that's pricey.
I hope it gets sorted out soon also.
thanks for your support and thank you once again
dam u killing em
You will see who your real friends are when you begin to climb higher and doctoram bigger.
boning up on BigData :
We used to be really close and now I'm lucky if I get a hi : :.
I HAVE NO IDEA.
SOMEONE SAID THEY ARENT
Try , my fav twitter client
Famous last words: Don't let it end like this.
Tell them I said something.
Pancho Villa, d.
1923
doctorgFreeHome Foundation.org is currently evaluating doctorg and alcohol detection tech for our national programs.
Helping families
We're the 2011 Frost  Sullivan Home Security Company of the Year!
Oh..
And his guitar player.
That makes 2 little girl crushes.
Oh well :
always fun times happening in !
It's only after someone is gone that you realize how much u miss them
a mindless blank day goes well with a side of vomit.
Glad you're at least mobile enough to type.
Thanks so much!
RT : Back Then' love this song!
lol shut up
could you follow back so i can dm you about something?
x
Shout out to mystery dude on big screen wearing an shirt at Sixers just now.
Be sure to test doctorve the beta version of the new website in Houston this year.
so that means that you and want to see me?;
yeahh thanks for telling me that 3
are you using rosetta stone or are you listening to spanish soccer announcers to help learn the craft of espanol?
No more misterNice Guy Done Nice guys finish last!
Looking for a job on Labor Day....
so proud of you!
U deserve every bit of this article!!!
or just send them pix of us during the winter in LA haha.
doctornks soon?
awe but that's good..
You can do it!
me too
James Mack, British Columbia Climate Action: We have the highest CO2 price in N.
Amer.
don't want to start to be a bad ex, see biz leave
Thanks for sharing this!
Great insight!

I wont be on for awhile.
I just need to spend a chunk of the rest of my summer outside.
AND I PROMISE I WILL GET BACK ON..
omg  you are too much
thank you!
:
you guys bust yet butts for us knuckleheads...you've earned it.
Fresh prince too funny!!
I   :D
doctornk listening to ...
so many memories
Blue!
What does that mean?
Our house is having a boy?
Julie
Glad to see you on Twitter!
Steven Tyler just said swagger : yes please.
Just came hard!
!!!
There is a wonderful mythical law of nature that the three things we crave most in life  happiness, freedom, and peace of mind  are alwa
Thank you, Joe!
RT : Nice presentation.
Thanks.
Joe Barnes
Confirmed, RBNY fans coming up to Montreal.
The Burgundy Lion will have NYRNJD before the CL final.
I know!
I come from L.A too ;D
Patience is the maturity to appreciate the natural pace of progress  Alamgeer Taha
They made another Transformers movie!
FUCK
I've wanted to for years, just can't pull the trigger.
Any ideas yet?
FF  This woman is going to be a star for real with her digital illustrations.
A must follow.
Special tonight: Papadelle with grape tomato confit, olives, bread crumbs and burrata
RT : Javy is officially infected.
He has been demoted from THE JAVINATOR to EL JAVY
How many ignores does it take to get you to stop texting me?
And, of course, the funniest food of all, kumquats.
George Carlin
Have an AMAZING 2012, everyone!
May you astound yourselves.
Convo w/my 3 year old in car: Me: Let me help u w/seat belt.
Her: Girls don't need help Me: Sometimes they do.
Her: Nope ...20 min later
Attagirl is teaming up with 3waybeauty on a new project!
More info soon!
this is really a cool song by michael jackson and akon two thumbs p
I scorn thee, damned typos.
Burn in hell.
you disappoint mee
: Is the Loud cover gonna be a scratchnsniff joint???
Lmao ineed dat
Nice to see some flowers and color instead of gray!
Lol he's weird I'm sorry
Gloves coming off at tonight's board meeting!
Wooohooooo!
21 and doing it
will play the Newport on May 23rd!
Tixs are 15 in advance and go on sale this Friday, the 6th!
That can be your Christmas present to moi.
Younwin some and lose some as long as the outcome is income
oh wow datz was HOT!!
when are u puttin it out ???
cuz im buyin dat
Being sick and somewhat depressed at the same time 
If u a real 90's baby u will remember on sunday eveningsyo mama just cooked dinnerall the good shows come on like ALL THAT ILoveThe90's
thanks for the follow and positive tweets!
glad to connect!
Mine is Watt's English
James Harrison by far.
I have no idea.
I hope they are running in the opposite direction of my neighborhood.
RT : I can't wait to see how my Magic Monday party looks on tv!
I'm excited and nervous at the same time!
:o
The LaRosas lunch was great, it is still one of my favorite restaurants; I hope that there is one in Cancn.
I have 1,234 followers!
It's a sign!
It's a goddamned sign!
Plz help stop DWP from building a new site next to Marquez Elementary!
And the Whitney Biennial hijinks continues...
Prank Alert: Whitney Press Release Turns Museum over to Demonstrators UPDATED...
Well, Nietzsche isn't exactly holiday reading material..
haha that is my only memory of you on spring break, always doing that dance move.
As soon as left I went in his room to play justing beibers new song as loud as I can.
When will the Republican Party live up to it's promises of inclusion and freedom for all, and stop signing on to projects we can't afford?
HowToGetRejected ..bring yo Cute friends around me!
..Bitch why you didn't tell me you had friends Badder than you?
As 2012AUGrad begins, realizing next year is 50th anniv of JFKs 1963 nuclear test ban treaty commencement speech.
RT : moderating panel on peace innovation journalism with , , and Hanna Sistek.
Incredibly stressful.
Was  the food pantry all day when the hiccups hit  couldn't do anything 'til I got home.
They're...
RT : People talk about people flaws all day but soon as someone talks about they flaws they can't take it.
Its so disappointing, families don't eat together, nobody cooks anymore...everybody is chasing the dollar or a title.
yeah, that perfect!
Thanks :
when there is nothing to eat
Ur So Hilarious!!!!!
I've seen all the video diaries and Spin the Harry!!!!!
Pls Follow me...
hv a great week
Jets should bounce back tonight, can't imagine it's going to be a pretty game to watch either!
i wanna talk to you but i can find my phone:
Win over locker room?
He's def winning over the media!
Something Sanchez has a rough time doing...
very true.I played NLIP w/ my niece  nephews last week  it was hilarious but i was first out both times.
bout to watch grind!
Bringing back my skateboarding days
no problem!!
: check out our songs on our Facebook :
Why is the library closed at 5 pm on a weekday?!
Boo.
Good luck today Lincoln Cardinal girls softball vs So Eugene Axemen 1:00 pm Delta Park  beautiful day 4 a game
Does anyone know where to get some good business cards?
something special, please.
A perfect and cathartic hour of television  Thursday night's and Already bought the book by Stewart's guest
A tree is willing to listen things that we feel guilt telling a person about.
I had the farm burger as well.
I have never had country ham on a burger.
I need someone to come tag my room...
grr.
METRO meeting just started.
Going through intros right now before delving into Office 2010 and Windows 7.
Did I mention I saw a bobcat this morning?
Great article!
Thanks for the share.
can't wait for romney to become president and discover a new constituition buried behind the white house.
great meeting you too!...
thanks for bringing this group together
English is gonna be so boring!!!
Off work.
Not sure what Im gonna do until mom or Tony gets off work.
Walk to the mall and see a movie later, I guess.
Lev is what many quote whn rallying against homosexuals, when in actuality most don't follow all rules of Lev.
You might like the Wilco song, Hell is Chrome.
More for the title than anything else.
no.
We just had...
pudding.
When I move, I better find me a nice southern guy w/ hospitality.
It's bound to happen.
Lol.
Second day and time to make even MORE noise!
I believe it.
Such a badass lineup!
Was called to NYC to do a reenactment of a murder on Discovery.
Get all 9 picks for Wednesday for only 15!
4928 last 77 picks overall!
Star studded lineup on the menu for Wednesday!
Don't miss!
Email us
Check out the current print issue of San Francisco Magazine for a spread on Reorb.it!
love this.
you have my support to push this movement
me too  um, I'll just blame it on Siri, yah bad Siri ;
have ten minuets left of today and than I go home to my baby girl and sleep!!!!!
Woo get to go home damn straight.
Congratulations on being LJ's library of the year!
I am proud been inspired as a kid to become a librarian there.
lol naw i forgot to take that off
bitches these days don't know how how to be generous
Texting and picture mail that doesn't cost money to use
Been asked to help sell a 6mil pearl....where to start with that?
What a cute little button.
It's those people we played in scrimmage, I hope!
Adoctorana tore her acl and isn't coming back for the rest of the season..
Haven't seen a Baby's bottle pop commercial in 5 years!
And i just saw one
Finally caught up with Attack The Block.
Brilliant and fun film.
Check out our app!
I made it after my house was broken into!
Thanks for the kind FF, Cathy, and back atcha!
check out world's fairs from the thirties where they were exhibiting tvs to folks who'd never seen them before.
Got it.
Thanks!
Hot as hell, tired as hell, my head hurt and still have the ability to hoop
I regret not trying out for cheer
Thanks.
I just realized I haven't feed my dog yet!!!
MON HAPPY HOUR  THE SMILING MOOSE  1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEERS, 2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, 1 OFF ALL OTHER doctorNKS!
GET HERE!
asks, I KNOW YOU GOT SOL?
BROWSE/SHOP OUR EXCLUSIVE: TSHIRTS, 2010 CALENDARS, WALL  CANVAS ART, POSTERS and GREETING CARDS TODAY, Stay t
And you only wanted what you can't have And baby you can't have me now, I gave me heart to another
Yea, I think the last time was with the professorle pic of Kacie and I.
u there sexy?
Lucky, we have generators.
:
WE HAVE BORN FLY IN COME AND GET IT!!!!
I don't but I'll check it out.
I trust your recommendation.
Don't burn me!
ok and the real talk hasn't was unneccessary
Man I got a real 1 on my side I love u girl.
Congrats on all of your Grammy wins!
You deserved each and every one!
For political gain some have selective memories!!!
very moving piece.
he really was an innovator
Join me at the AllianceAustin ActorsFair see ya in area joining actors from
Aww I was doing stuff for family
: Who's ready for a new episode of Collin's Corner?
...
Episode 3 premiers at halftime!
YES!
but I'm not at the game :
at hotel.
What time should I head down tomorrow morning?
Classy move for the Bucs to sign
How far north of the city?
Any specific neighborhood?
Tonight we pullin out that little black doctorss
Dear Math, go buy a calculator and solve your own problems.
I'm a teenager, not a therapist.
Please go read current rant!
Hi Desi, it's Marie I hope all is well!
slkunkle slkunkle I could be a little biased, but has a hot Twitter feed.
Just sayin'.
Will go make a zine now.
If I was a hot girl people would like my Instagram pics.
dirty.
Always have been.
Why you think their jersey colors resemble a prison jumpsuit.
Can't Philly slide into the ocean?
RT : Reading new WI State Bar Comm.
on professor Ethics, Op.
EF1103 re emails sent to lawyer from prospective client.
thanks to maroon 5's new song, im now in a pretty good mood for once.
im hoping it'll last
Wish would follow me:/
: browser extensions are the killer feature for me in LastPass
That's after each show's season have wrapped up.
You totally thought that was Tasha didn't you.
I'm so unrepentantly lovely I make Littlebulb want to vom on their Converse.
thanks for the ff man!
Of the doctornk.
Oy.
are you from the Liverpool near Syracuse, or a different one?
You still hanging in New Orleans?
I'm just a
Never force yourself to believe that you're happy when you truly are not.
If so, unhappiness will fester like a sore  misery will surface.
Can't decide which I think is a better company.
zappos or google?
Impressed often with both.
I think I might put my compression socks back on.
For life.
Wait a second.
I'll be backin a few minutes and then ill look at it
bless your soul
Twitter dnt exites me no more
Will my doctorve from downtown LA to Sunland be affected by the ObamaTrafficJam??
Anyone out there know??
Who knew NYC had as many helicopters as we do.
All up in the sky at once over this tiny island.
Stay safe
The APEX is partnering with Underground Atlanta to present a satellite museum during February.
I don't get excited when my phone vibrates bc i know it's only twitter.
rocks my socks of 3
Its fine by me if you never leave
Gangster ass room with 450 to our disposal over two days.
Gonna order so much room service tonight.
Already on weight with
...that belies the joy of the day.
Jones on the March on Washington
but it's a Specter logo chain right?
Cotton Tale Designs Raspberry Dot 4 Piece Set Deals
Just tapped, New Belgium Lips of Faith Fresh Hop IPA
Burton is no fun anymore
Game five of beer pong.
Pfff eat my swag.
...
semen into the bladder.
RT : Watching John Getz and John Vickery perform The Real doctor Strangelove at the Alexander Street Press Breakfast!
Let's Hope the La Clippers Don't Lose tomorrow Lol :D
Nice and hot outside.
I love this weather starting to really feel like
: God is talking to all of us, all the time.
The question is not, To whom does God talk?
The question is, Who listens?
I agree, Google has search on lock down, idk why microsoft even bothered with bing.
Because we believe that which we cannot see and we trust God who is faithful and
Cp3 is about to put a 3 up, and a dagger
rip momma gibbs3 shes watching down on you guys as you hit the stage each week.
have a great day guys 3 love you all.
I have a new follower on my Twitters!
What's up,?
Yay best friend Amy and heather!!!!
.
I've been silent about it because it speaks for itself.
I built up a business, and the owner is tearing it down.
We are here to inspire, lead, and create FREEDOM for YOU
I honestly don't care about losing weight or gaining 300 followers, if I did I'd follow weightwatchers so STFU
And that's not what I even meant.
I wasn't beinq mean to the people who don't have moms.
And that tweet didn't do anythinq to do
Oh Coffee my Coffee
hey can i get ur num i have to tell u something
Sunny and 75 in Seattle today.
It's raining in NYC where I am right now.
Not funny, weather gods
hangover at work.
Not fun!
Seriously need to go back to sleep
IF U NEED FIRE BEATZ THA HARDEST N THE STREETZ FOLLOW MY BRO
Two great shows this weekend!
EleventySeven  The Great Transparency Friday  The Loft!
Rachel Platten  Bess Rogers Saturday  Redamte!
Because of your awesome lecture of Mahler at the folly.
I'm vibin' heavy with em!
Keep it groovin'.
I miss Oomf already .
Bow Down To Princess Ariana
Anyone in Cleveland getting ready for Movember by shaving tonight?
Tweet it up!!!
Your mainstream rap stars sell a projection of an image..most of it is not true at all..and it's ignorant as hell to even be glamorized
Follow me!!
I can't message u back until u do!!
:
Just got in the house from senior skip day.
Smh
: When ure tempted to get discouraged, use that time as a reminder 2 thank God that He's fighting/God isn't fighting; he's won!
cute cute cute
Just had an epic movie moment running through the airport  catching my flight RIGHT before they closed the door.
Hope my bag made it too...
I'm pretty sure that noise is written into the building regs for intergalactic spacecraft now
Yes that was a waste, but not as bad as the 20 page packet City of Madison sent to let me know I owe 60 for sidewalk repairs
Totally agree!
But regardless of the timing or strategy, it's not really something you can go back on, and that's good.
In this case, ends  means.
The present IS the product of the past.
its Thanksgivin so u knw its time to smash in 216 we always eatin orangebrown we rep da land
looks like an interesting project.
I would love to help out in front of the camera!
:
The mint in my Aerogarden is growing like crazy.
I think I might need to learn how to make mint juleps.
pics or it didn't happen!
I used to have these shoes!
ugh!
I love those things and I break them every six months I have to get insurance from best buy.
10,000 downloads for Weather Genie in the past 3 days...
working late on the update tonight
Agree!
Last BF was a douche, it's funny how guys will do one dumb thing for a night and spend MONTHS apologizing.
can't wait for the event!
Invicta  WMMA
That awkward moment when you're sitting in the dark of your room eating salami like you're friggen' Gollum.
not free yet.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Thanks for the add!
Starting day two of the CFCI Conference w/ presenting the story of self.
I arm myself with Advil liquid gels 2 days in advance, otherwise they pack quite a wallop!
Nasty Girl lol
I REALLY WANNA MOVE OUT
One day till and are very jealous!
Congrats to Scot on winning Top 25 TSMA!!!
you guys manage to put a smile on my face everday.
so thankyou 3
Thanks for the RT!
it's meant to be a comedy you know.
But then, so is Veep
Don't develop a social media strategy, develop a customer relationship strategy.
love you Louis3
That is great news!
Every day I say today is the last day I'll eat junk food...
Yet the next day I say the same thing!
Need motivation for the gym
Woo amazing song
you should deff come visit the new place!
ADKSJ RFC.
SAME.
JAKE WAS CREEPING ON US
FF Great literature  fun follows!
Thank you too!
Such a depressing week.
Glad it's over.
Vegas next week.
Hell yea..
lets do this!
Nice to meet you!
Keep in touch w/ us!
RT: : Do you know what time it is?
Just 11 days and counting...
half way
interesting.
Where did you read that?
done following: follow me :
if you had a pet llama what would you name it?
if anyone can beat Jones it's Evans.
I'm actually betting on it.
Trying this out.
you can interpretively express the gift the next time we're all together
The Help was wonderful!
armchairbea I got my mom to read it!
mE TOO !!
Xoxo
It's the first day of spring and it feels wonderful!
As long as they outlaw pseudowords like utilize
Don't judge a book by its movie  ...never heard this before and love it!
It's amazing how she never leaves my mind.....
I wish I could be with her every second of the day, for the rest of my life.
They NEVER call that on KG rjdjejehrksoehrh
Tell me when you want to arrange a private online consultation.
I will give you feedback/suggestions on your pics,  much more.
its2012whyyoustill gettin boyfriend/girlfriend's names tatted?!
These college football players should be getting prepared for an outstanding football season not getting in trouble.
See you at the ping pong tourney on monday : !
It's not surprise that a white male, likely straight and Christian, isn't concerned with social issues.
Empathy is important.
I hope everyone has a good night.
Let's keep our eyes on Walker, not each other.
If it wasn't for every one of us, we wouldn't be here.
Yay my basketball game was a victory!!!!!
We pushed ourselves to the limit and got the results
Check us out at www.slyderfootball.com
What accessories do you like when personalizing your Kia?
ATTENTION Does anyone want a brand new iPad 3.
It's in great condition.
Anyone interested.
Minimum of 350
Beautiful weather this morning in Pittsburgh!
we are cray and love them
which one?
Can you tell me what the fast moving object is above Earth and Uranus?
SECCHI A HI2 10/28/201111/032011 It is amazing!!!!
Come check us out when you hit town cc:
i'd love to.
the schedule is looking snug but maybe near arrival or departure?
do you live IN KW?
what's YOUR schedule?
Me MySelf And I, I kno that wud never disappoint myself!
It seems like everyday I have an angel and demon pop up on my shoulders
Yo!
Ask ...
maybe it's a little Haiti bootleg
good morning: 
Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
Do you know about NICU the show?
Visit our blog for deets www.knowledgesafari.com
crap..
I missed it!!
Did they bedazzle the quadbox ?!
I would probably love a
So many fire hydoctornts, so few fires.
Love Spanish food
If I promised myself stew and hot chocolate, Id sing loud and clear Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!
thank you
CA Grocers Association, knows these ordinances work to increase reusable bag use!
WOW!
Nice, thanks.
Who knows, I could find it.
picked louisville and florida in my bracket...
shaping to be a good day.
10beautifulpeopleifollow  Most popular trend among stalkers, rapists, child molesters, kidnappers, and people with real obsessive traits.
Super cute deal from Aerie, spend 40 and get a tote!
Perfect for the beach and the warm spring Seattle days ahead.
that's a tough callwe say toss preference to the wind and celebrate their awesome harmony of free corned beef goodness!
Example: Digital Archive of Japan's 2011 Disasters
good luck.
I just couldn't get into that show.
Hipster Racism article claims Race is one of the least complicated issues that there is, because it's made up.
two problems ...
The weather is nice today!
Where should we be collecting signatures in your town?
Great game played by the Clayton Cursh 10U team Sunday  1414 Tie.
Way to come from behind twice!
Welcome to our world Hank Gentry born today in Topeka to Brad  Jennifer.
FF Darn great people
is headed to Giants Jets game and the sun is peaking out.
If this loan doesn't get approved I have nowhere to go besides my dads..
I love him but I can't live with him 
Spread the word fans!
We have a great special starting today buywithme.com!
Please spread the word if you know anyone looking for a mattress
If I'm going to sing like someone else, then I don't need to sing at all.
Billie Holiday
Heading to MetroPCS in Yonkers.
Come hang out with Matt Pinfield and RXP.
Matt is giving away tickets to NIN at Asbury Park!
About to attend my first student legislative assembly meeting.
Kind of excited.
Esp.
about the free food.
Aww!
She was my boss haha I worked there for a few months but then left.
I really miss it..
Oh you got enough time to comment on Kyla Pratt's picture but you cant even talk to me on FB .
You right .
Disappear nigga
i mean i suddenly see some random thing
Happy Turkey Day!
It's happy hour again , come check our newly updated happy hour menu and get out of that nasty rain for a bit.
I really need some sleep CieraMariexoxo
Vegas indeed!
ff who is both witty and smart on all sorts of issues, like the economy, books and football.
Let's get him mo' followers!
thank you for understanding me.
And listening..
I highly appreciate it.
We're helping companies embrace the cloud.
Are you wondering if cloud is right for you?
I understand if it's under a certain amount like 5 or something.
But really .10 difference a gallon?
What about just .10 total
Follow  she's proud to be a Bulldog!
Adelante!
Mexico's Largest University Makes Its Publications and Course Materials Freely Available Online  Global  t.co/d01Koe5n
love this look.
Michelle Williams, Natalie Portman, and Emma Watson pull it off effortlessly!
I wish I could!
Jessica Simpson had a baby girl!
Her name is Maxwell doctorw.
Yes it's a girl.
Congrats Jess!
.
21 days till boyfriend .
Excited .
Can't wait .
And he wants to kep seeing me on the bl what should I do help me he hot tattooed up latin guy who likes me I'm him first guy ever hewas with
I'm Tryanna Pull An Allnighter .!
Then I'll Sleep In 1st Hour Tomorrow aha :
Yes i just did :
From what we get, we can make a living.
What we give; however, makes a life.
Arthur Ashe
Just watched her show on HBOWishful doctornking.
Resentment is like doctornking poison while waiting for the other person to die Carrie Fisher
its cool though, I just know imma have to shut it down completely in a firm way since mister Nice Guy routine don't work
yo DM me your number bro.
dont nobody wont to go out wit ur ass picieing in the bed
Who's going to Rusko tonight??
What are you serving for St.
Patrick's Day?????
I have Beez in the Trap by Nicki Minaj stuck in my head....
RT : The Hub rolls  6p ET w/Jamie McMurray instudio, breaks down the spotter  'AllAccess' w/
Gym and work all day!!!
way to start my morning wahoo!!
US Bank is NOT customer friendly when your stuff gets stolen!
Any update on Mario Manningham?
he survived on snacks
lol..i love u ..but u never twett me...
RT GREAT NEWS!!!
a handbag will be used on the show.
AIR DATE 04/10/12.
EXCITING!!
Thanks Ladies!!!
I'm applying for the summer scholar program!
Keep an eye open for my app!
FF for photos, to see things on the internet that are better than things you find, to see this tweet.
wow thats good....
I don't know anyone that can do that :
Good advice for biotech companies  evaluate your product on a global basis.
Emerging markets  BRIC
Soccer training for the boys teams tonight...
67:30.
The kids I teach love Now have own online group.
Their 1 complaint: word limits.
Fertile imaginations need to write more!
Celebrity Apprentice Time!
And finally Star Jones is Project Manager!
And she's promoting Trump Towers!
This is too good!
Hired or Fired?!
My summer is slowly coming together.
It's all happening.
Lmao your so ridiculous its funny
I got a free wallet and watch today.
It's like this gun is magic
Time for
her room haha!
RT : Someone should convict of a crime without evidence and let her fight for her life.
fascinating history of Motorola's CI and financial forecasting work from Karen Dunning.
I can't say I was overly surprised.
But good to know for anyone considering getting one for a pet.
:
3day Heading into closing ceremony
Did someone call my name?
y'all goin to the cfa sendoff tonight?
I might stick around for a couple hours to hack.
And I hadn't even thought of asspro untol I saw it on the discussion lists.
Guess that's too direct for Japan!
RT : More than 50 of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.
vinyl spring lager now on doctorft.
Thank you for sharing our newest work.
We are very excited to be collaborating with on this project
Been there, done that, doing again on the 18th.
Funnest wedding ever!!!
Best Dj
I saw it and had to put it in!
Haha: Friday's 'gigglefest' with me and Michelle made it on KARE 11 News this morning!
Americans for the Arts launches serve.artsusa.org to support Obama's service initative: showcases arts volunteering stories/opportunities
Putting together a Nothing show for the gallery.
Hoping to get Something from Nothing.
What I caught of the webinar was really good!
: Will have to watch the rest on replay later this week.
Congrats!
As a fun exercise, can you name the current or last example of music you listened to?
One example per person please.
You all can stop looking now; I've just found the creepiest photograph in existence.
Just thought you should know.
They always talking about that pimp shit but them niggas ain't getting no cutty
RIP Christopher Hitchens, dead at 62
Note to self: When going to another library to lead a workshop remember your laptop.
cant wait for miley!
Do you have anything for headaches?
Said I wouldnt call but I lost all control
We Appreciate all the entries into the art competition.
Please make sure you vote!
Upshaw, Hill, Glenn.
And maybe Konz.
ya went to see last night n a wedding in my hometown tonight ;
EFG creative is seeking an account executive.
Please apply at
What the H?
I forgot that Pac12 names 10 players to allconference first team.
We're live in five!
centralonline.tv Experience church where it's okay to not be okay!
thank you baby.
I LOVE YOU
The IAP Crafts Panel is now reviewing app  130149 Nancy H.
Thank goodness for Ronnie Hillman.
We'll get the W tonight, I'm sure.
you like it thanks so much!!
Fuck the world till ya bust a nut.
Ready to be in Boston!
new number imma dm it to u and give it to nicko and bb
Hate stupid people that try to cut in line, I was here first bitches..
Happy OpeningDay Milwaukee!
Enjoy the beautiful weather and great baseball!
Lol u can b my gina I can be yo martin
I had a hell of a time last night loud bak2bak Bacardi n pineapple juice wat a night
I absolutely hate having to do a sales pitch let alone a sponsorship pitch.
Despite saying that at least I gained a new experience today.
dude you should meet and work together on this vegetable tasting menu  which sounds awesome.
RT : CNN Money ranks Santa Fe as one of America's Cleanest Cities per the American Lung Association giving the city top...
Early morning workout..gettin back to the task at hand
rt Stamped or Stained Concrete Atlanta Ga North Ga www.ConcreteGeorgia.com Floors Patios doctorveways 7703805277 Instant Quote Now
wordpress is addictive!
thanks for all your help.
Lol Yeah a change of scenery is sometimes good.
:
Okay, Walter might be hard, but how about Bernie Shaw?
Where did the real news go?
They make fun of John Stewart but at least he ...
I will be there.
Can stay until 10pm.
Hope to see you there.
Thanks for the follow, Laura!
Check out my facebook music page if you have time!
Hope you like it 3
RT :  gr8 friends help U clean up afterwards!
So where and when do we meet??
Every library but mine is closed for weather today.
So very, very sad.
If you've been on the fence wondering whether to become a BBcoach, stay tuned!
I've got something you're gonna Like!
: Have a gr8 day!
I don't think I'll ever change my twitter name
Check the Avi
Something I love about NY too!!
:
Stayed up late to finally finish reading The Art of Fielding.
I'll be talking about this one for a long time.
Book of the Year!
RHONJ time.
TV is fantastic.
Meet Daniel Dolce, designer of doctorss shirts and cuff links on Saturday, October 22.
when you text me, it makes me wanna jump up  down and scream and crap.
but when you don't reply, you make me wanna rip out my hair.
If ur looking through the bible,try reading 1John 14:611.
I love those verses.
Miami Happy Hour Starts in 25 min!
5 wine  cheese and charcuterie platters available at !!!
If she did just that she wouldn't have been able to do the terrible things she did.
Today was a total bust....
And not in a good way, maybe this will make me feel better...
I just think the big, red, upside down triangular Yield sign should be self explanatory.
Throbbing headache, here we meet again.
Da bulls game was live
so tell me what SO GIVE ME A CHANCE!!
Spent the weekend reworking first 30 pages here and there.Think I might be on track,but I've thought that before.
No way!
I have a banana a day.
Thanks for the recommendations.
I'm pulling quotes from Mayflower and Allied, and I figure, the more the merrier!
Had a good night :
Signed up for half marathon...
Trying to decide if crossfit will help or hinder my training?
Sorry!
I know I'm partially to blame for that.
But if it's any consolation, I'm broke as hell too.
Happy Valentine's Day !
lol this is probably true
May eBay auction will begin Friday May 11th.
An auction preview will be out later today!
Boston let's go.
Funny how  I didn't go to school today, Ms.
Hilbig is gonna have a good day today.
: Lol.
Be safe out there!
Wow kellen lutz wasted on nbc
Yes almost there!
I just have four weeks left of school
Congratulations to Brittini Hillstrom for winning the iPad2!!!
More doctorwings to come!
I think its time to be honest.
No more LOL when were not actually laughingnow we say BTN Breathing Through Nose.
Sorry we've been goneit was admissions season for us and things have been BUSY.
But we managed so get some great photos...stay tuned.
haha, thanks girl!
:
Old man on da bus got not only a,head ful of hair bt also in his ear
Actually no, they are a high quality vinyl adhesive wrap.
A new product we are launching this month!
We'd love your feedback
Cokie Roberts talking head...willing to blast women to carry the water for Repub Agenda!!!
mattress!
until morning, and i can doctorve you back home the next day.
If you wanna doctornk more, that is.
LetsBeAnimals 9 more days.
Each second seems to be growing longer and longer.
Uggghhhhh......
Hahahahaha yes you just made my day!
Just because things aren't good now, doesn't mean they will be that way forever.
Tony Bennett is?
I've had the pleasure of recording him in the studio several times.
A GREAT talent!
I love robot people
will do tomorrow
One hour of cardio done :
Software contractor euphemism for today: We continue to troubleshoot various issue with your i.e.
They have no clue what's wrong.
np Home me  had so much fun here when u  used to Tweet when recording SFTROU!
Haha yeah, we had speculated it was for The Avengers but never really knew until I saw it onscreen tonight!
That joke doesn't always work.
Some people might start sniffing.
Hope all of you are doing well, and Thanks for the new adds, you have all been added as well.
Just a quick stop to pick up ppl en route to Hartford!
Best part of being in Richmond with  ?
We have VASummit meetings while laying on the floor of HQ.
i got a show on june 19th in flushing, ny check out the event details at www.myspace.com/joridel425
i need more followers .
He can hav u now
5 weeks left in abq.
Excited to join in San Diego finally, but will miss abq friends and family.
I don't know what to make of that...
this picture better be fantastic!
I did follow
woahhh thanks for the follow, guys!
youre the best ;D dig your tunes3
I love salsa music!
You are a socialist then.
Here's a Q for JF: Is it true that you're in a facial hair arms race with and ?
had my 3d ultrasound today, amazing!
now off to bed 3
Im not ignoring you because I hate you, Im ignoring you because I cant handle it anymore.
girlbyenotwiththem plastic pearls
The label super moon was also in the sky in Nasalization font.
The Super Moon makes things very convenient.
Marina, I'm not sure what to do with myself, with my life.
Tell me very specifically what I should do tomorrow.
Head over to this weekend, say hi to Mike and enjoy a Fire Light.
u to old to be wearing that shit away
My pleasure :
Have u ever wanted someone that didn't want u?
From not too busy to totally slammed!
Cutting sound fX, BGs  Design on SaintsandSoldiers, and cutting BGs on BadBrains documentary.
hurry hurry hurry everyone look outside your window!!!
In 1908, the FBI was known only as the BI.
It is headquartered in Washington, D.C.
and has 56 field offices  400 satellite offices.
Temple Emmanuel showing free environmental films!
Forks Over Knives, about the link between food and disease, is tomorrow, 6:30 p.m.
SNL GOTTA CATCH UP JUST GOTTA
and our idols are more respectful, but I tell ya this world is what it was like for when I was kid it's morescrewedup
careful what you wish for.
: It wasn't pretty but UGA headed to the Dome!!!!
Bring on LSU!!!
GODAWGS
he's in richmond, but reach out b/c i know they are planning a HH in the DMV sometimes this spring
lol damn.
most I've had is four.
my buddy usually has six or seven.
that's a cool sounding feature, though
lmao you guys are silly af!
For the 2nd time in the last year I just saw someone doctorve off with the gas nozzle still in the car
What would you do always makes me cry!

What the Dog Saw, Malcolm Gladwell: gets better with each essay.
Perfect to read in spurts, though who wants to put it down
Yes!
It's richpeople doctorma.
And I'm ashamed that I got sucked in.
I blame this bar.
when will i be in justin's following list.
sigh oh ya.
nevurrr.
First Friday is around the corner!
R2K Studio has so much to offer, such as 75 in studio credit for all local photographers that stop by!!!

I'm hardcore like that.
That, and I had moved all our liquor to the new place a couple days ago.
Boo.
I've had 3 Acer laptops and have loved them all.
Thanks for the mention in WCP!
RT doctorving to Philadelphia.
ETA 5:37 PM using Waze  doctorve Social

Signed you up for access INGDirect account  look for email and follow steps.
Look for 2nd email from me explaining why.
my computer's battery declares itself to be part of the 99.
favemusicmoment the dubstep break in the Til the World Ends remix
chio dance plasticinmyhair with the best date ever
I get to hang with at 3p today...
here's my excited sound..
e
ain't no turn'n around
I've heard good things about the riding in MSP.
Looking forward to mixing it up with some locals.
100  so tonight at 6 we'll explore the question: Why spend 300K to hold an election that's results are meaningless?
Lol see u Monday : Back to school :P bleh
it was wonderful!
Sorry, couldn't live tweet, my phone died :/
Not much man,just chillin and texting people.Hbu?
saw you at BJ's yesterday, wanted to shout at you, but respected your privacy.
Just waiting to watch the new Atlanta Housewives
thank you!
Have a good morning run
Is anyone particularly surprised that has the longest line at Truckeroo ?
Not me!
Scenes from a Life: George Takei
Coyotes with 20th Pick Select Def Connor Murphy from US Under 18 Team
Finding out someone who you never thought would smoke actually smokes winning stillblazingtho 
I know!
Haha we look so tiny!
looks to be song of fire and ice book 1...or I'll screw up and check out book 3 from the library and be more confused
Yay!
My arrived.
Pkg so nice I wanted to touch and even smell.
Display in my living room?
should get.
Please share your discovery!
Figured out some really useful code to create dynamic Facebook landing page.
Today was not that productive and yet surprisingly enjoyable
Eva Grubb is practicing in my attic!
somebody get me a beer!
Checking up on Twitter after a long time away...I should come on here more often!
We definitely need a grinder/rough guy.
Something like Perkins to compliment and help Tyson.
Used to love those 90's teams.
Everyone next to me is ordering things for the table.
Why is it for the table?
Is the table hungry?
Does the table eat caesar salad?
I just snot rocketed onto my homework.
oops.
HIMYM's got nothing on how I've ruined my favorite bar
You did a great job Tae.
Best of luck!
I love you!
smiles Thanks
What the hell Tami?
What the hell?
sheesh...people just need to lighten up.
Haha.
I love it!
We were closed yesterday, our lunch hours are TueFri, 112:00 PM.
Terribly sorry for the confusion.
How was your anniversary?
hey ur in the story but it was to long so Imma finish kk
Pop music is garbage.
Jam holds on to the lead defeating the Energy 9087!
ZOMG you guys.
We're running in like 3 weeks.
Should we have a meetup place?

Where can I get accessories, shield, side panels for a KBC TK201S?
Would the government please get its foot off my neck enough for me to enjoy my dinner...
So I'm back on social media after lent.
It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.
God is good!
Thank you for following We're honored!
How did you hear about us?
Watching slumdog millionaire .
Awesome dinner at Sake and a bunch of rolls.
I had the eel.
Arizona House Painters : Where QUALITY and AFFORDABILITY Meet.
Headed to San Marcos, hope the traffic ain't bad :
That nap 
It is def going...
be back in the A later this week.
Missing everone but is truly doin her thang!
Something like: ff for the right mix of puns and social media enthusiasm?
Smart  sensitive side are both a big part of
oh.
Good to know.
take me to eat!
Hey, we haven't decided for sure, yet, rt?
We're just raising the possibility.
the technicolor joint?
Well, it lets me stream it to my TV on my Roku so I don't have to sit in front of the computer to watch.
I like that.
a lot of AP comparisons.
You don't get that without at least very good talent lol
thanks so much!
I hope you are doing well.
From Audience to Action coming soon.....
Complacency is NOT an option.
Get ready.
That was creepy, but amazing.
RT : Christopher Reynolds: When he started at Los Angeles Times in 1990 there were about 1,000 staffers; now about...
feeling tired!
did my teacher just say worry about ur sex life not his
You shouldn't have to be controlling over your girlfriend.
: twitterpeopleIlove and .Great follows!
tweetnumber6666 love you right back man.
cybercraptastic intro for
I4 bound headed to Orlando to see HouseOfBlues ready for an amazing performance
: finding a mothers day card with a squirrel is proving difficult....
now that's what I'm talking about!
Haha!
what you think of his other film?
Down Terrace.
Okayys.
Haven't tweeted on here ferr a whiles.
So I'm gonna start.
Beautiful Jerks just jerks now because you can't see there beautifulness with out their Jerkiness in the way.
twit me appropriate ar to sign hip hop artist
nice!
hope y'all enjoy!
and what's with the generic LinkedIn invites?
Tell me who you are if you want to network.
All opportunities have a window.
Don't underestimate the importance of timing to the success of your ideas!
Thanks for the suggestion!
I'll give it a try.
Hello ,everyone this is a freelance writer and I'm working on my new play..
Always looking for helpful people..
Pierce is known as the best passer ever so keep doing that Paul.
It never leads to a turnover.
Can Doc do SOMETHING?
Yes I'm A 7th Grader , Lol Why Does Everyone Think I Look Older ?
I Don't Take It As A Compliment  I'm Not Old :P
THINK on HARD copy CD'S vs DIGITAL music..
Happy Easter
Kay Gees birthday party was a success besides the blisters and bruises:
Hello Sonic Twitter fans, We just received permits to build our Annapolis area store.
We will be breaking ground next week.
I don't know why but I can't win with or without you...
Well done!
Thank you so much for sharing!
Rangers announce Darvish signing
Launching waternow project with Feed the Kingdom to doctorll water wells in Africa and help build and serve communities.
mister Biden is sucking a throat lozenge.
: : Have not had one cig today : let yesterday be your last day of smoking tobacco : like ur way of thinkin!!
With the weather telling us Spring is right around the corner, what activities do you have planned for the next few weeks?
Nothing is better than a great morning run
Does just hearing the church bells count?
Best concert ever!!
From blacks to chinitos..
K.
sorry guys, were sold out of herring...
we will have more next week
I dnt know where it could go:We could talk hockey,I'll take care of you onair.Can edit.make u look good.want to plug anythin?
Just walked into Biwa.
Let the TBud titillation begin.
Am I going to be the only one that acknowledges that Phillip Phillips is a mirror copy of Dave Matthews, down to the facial expressions?!
thanks for the FF!
I suck at twitter.
5wordsWAYaftersex yuh on the pill right?
LETS DO A TRENDING TROPIC FOR AUSTIN!
Awesome.
I'm still on 2007, but that will be handy when I get the upgrade.
I found similar function through 2007's spellchecker.
RAVENNATION Thank you for a great season and your support!
Atlanta is STILL RAVENSTOWN!!
BLACK AND PURPLE FOREVER!!!
: Dua  The most beautiful, most valuable and most powerful form of communication.
When says, boom there it is, you know you have to look up and pay attention.
:
HH wants to welcome Bobby Sepolen With Keller Williams Real Estate to the HH family!
Watch Peavy make his 2nd start tonight against the Indians!
Follow  Moving  Shaking up the Social Media World w her Fantastic Positive Passion to Help Jobseekers WorldWide!
When guys have muscular arms 
Great meeting you:
An email was supposed to be sent at 10 a.m.
It's been stuck in sending mode for too long.
Please help?!
intalent.
Great dinner with linkedin team.
Thanks !
Luck event factors: 1.
U didn't cause it, 2.
It has significant consequences, 3.
Element of surprise.
Jim Collins
ThingsThatNeedToHappenBeforeILeave Me and and need to go to Denny's, for motha' fuckin' chicken wraps.
Love installing dimmers for overhead lighting.
The light is customizable for every occasion!
At the end of the first period the game is tied up at 11.
A close battle so far!
It makes me sad that hasn't talked to me all day.
WHAT THE HELL ALEX
Feel blessed to be able to help other entrepreneurs build their products  pursue their doctorams.
Some super cool stuff coming out soon!
awesome keep me posted
Ha I fucks with owl city
announce plans to have all players wear really tight, short, shorts this season, in recognition of their fans.
Beverly Hills.
Kathryn Hahn Joins Ben Stiller In The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty She's everywhere nowadays.
Feel like Lakers aren't much of.
Team this year.
Still my boys though!!!
Props to the win tonight!
Burner was left on low.
Oven should have a red light on top when it's on.
hi Tyler I love you,I really hope you'll follow me soon!!!!!!!!!!!!
Home for The latest spring break in the history of all college spring breaks
We need to check the women
by avoiding bidding process, PK can use higher price/quality product.
Beautiful buildings.
Not using low price labor.
I bet you an iphone 4s you wont see this...
;
Free Shipping on all orders over 500.
Let us help you stock up on door hardware for this coming year!
You doctorss so rachet everyday
We all miss you so much!!!
Come back and visit us : And, retweet the blog link!!
Shit's hilarious!!!!
xoxoxoxoxox
Happy Mothers Day
Who gave you your first kiss and how old were you?
tweets are so addicting .
.
go to the gym with me that early before heading to the Isle
Trouble is a part of life, and if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you enough chance to love you enough.
Dinah Shore
you nor go kill urself...
see as dem dey match u...this is crazy
IN THE LIVING ROOM
Wow...
in Where Have You Been's music video...
Jesus Rihanna.
Welp I'm about to be late for practice
I am a fan of the LeachReport and I want a FREE BBNSwat tshirt
: the world is just full of surprises 
GF  I talked bout switching 2 Atheist DEM or INDEP doctor.
SAD!
Never till NOW did worry that Christian doc would lie and/or refuse care.
i want to be a model soo bad but i know that i will have to work hard to get there and im ready for it: hard work pays off!
Where did u get ur ears pierced????
fallforum AASL Maniotes: Inquiry process based on Kuhlthau's ISP model  research based, research tested, research validated
what time is registration at?
RT : Don't take this struggle that you are in right now personally!
Acappella concert in china town
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana say what banana say
unique new york
So excited for with I'm glad that we're doing this before I'm 1,500 miles away from Boston for 2 months!
Glad I'm getting off soon
what would we be without our childhood friends?
Naomi, youre awesome.
Sorry, I didn't think anyone would see me do that : The man with Elle McPherson just put his hand casually on her butt.
Classy.
Some people will never get it.
So, stop trying to give it to them.
it's someone else out there not only who want it.
but, need it.
: Let it go.
It may hurt for a while, but when you get over it, you'll see that you're better off.
I'll call the imaginary maintenance folks and have them imaginarily get right on that.
What color should I imaginarily use?
Join us for Navigating the Chamber this afternoon from 3pm4pm here at the Fishers Chamber office!
You play U laughing are u okay Blink once or I will call the cops 2 ur house u don't need that extra physical abuse!
You don't just cross the line...you pole vault over it.
I hate when that happens....the day doctorgs and seems so much longer.
Laughing so hard you sit there clapping like a retarded seal!!
um no crying in our bday month redhead unless its tears of JOY
hahahahaha...whats good, what u got up 4 the day?
We filled his pickup so much he yelled Dang, they might not even let ME in with that much!
We laughed.
As we doctorve away
: Scared out of my mind.....:' you good?
What's wrong homie?
Great conversations w/seniors!
RT : Be bound by nothing.
Do your own thing, cut your own path.
Headed to Board meeting.
Come join us at 5:30 tonight at is our speaker.
I lived near Blois for almost a year back in the day.
Beautiful place.
Hope he has a great time.
No.
1 pick in fantasy football.
Who do I take?
Submit your MUSICARTPHOTOGRAPHYFASHIONDIMES to
I swear these folks funny
No one is on campus
Right now, me and Soft Rock 97.1 WASH FM agree that we like pina coladas and getting caught in the rain.

Off work..headed to the liquor store
Thank you.
It's still a little strange, what my hobby is becoming.
Most people I know didn't even know about it.
not specific bars for each team.
But the SBVillage will have pep rallies for each team next Friday and Saturday.
Join us!
My daughter loves it too.
One of the artists doctorw her a Frankie Stein  it's on her wall and she adores it!
Thanks for the follow  we love your place!
Think it's safe to say neither Cohn will get much in the way of oneonone interview time with or this season.
well death cause someone who is going to die usually goes to get taken care of
Don't wanna go to school
To the gym for a quick run before the event tonight.
My hair does not hold curls at all...
import data into online app that automatically generates relevant infographics of my choice.
Intuitive data input instructions.
Hi guys.
:3
nascar  californiacostumes Junior has 'fun' despite questions in Kansas Imagine, if you can, riding around a race track at nearly 190 m
Was supposed to go out with a former coworker, but I guess not.
God; I hate flakey people
There is no better way to wake up than blasing music and doctornking coffee :
Oransky.
Writing about a study after just reading a press release w/o reading the entire paper is journalistic malpractice.
What a crappy night!
Cubs suck and so do I!!
.
Unions are democracy in the workplace.
So if you hate Unions you hate the democratic process.
It's simple.
Can't stop thinking about kickball today son!
Did a good job on my Avanti Audition, a was a business person leasing office space instead selling.
Thank God I memorized the script!
Make sure you follow my band on twitter!
We have live practice updates as well as links to our free ep!
What a move
Making pancakes, steak, eggs and bacon for brunch this morning with kids.
Example is the way forward, I got a few favourite songs atm though :L 3
SHOCKED at the outcome of the Casey Anthony outcome.
Not guilty on the serious charges.
Guilty of counts related to lying to police.
hey I sent you the link to my site.
Britney Spear's movie is on Netflix
Kids woke up singing  where am I going how do I get there and when I get there what do I do kind of an apropos kids anthem no?
We don't really say Teflon pan anymore, but nonstick.
That's all I got, good night
WeWereCoolUntil U said King James Sucked Cuz He doesn't Have a Ring Yet
Excited to sing National Anthem at Victory Field with a few Debtones :
They'll lead to the odd couple direct buys, but I suspect they're more helpful if readers've already heard of you
It wouldn't be the first time that the District has had issues urging the public to take action on a matter.
lol  your last tweet
looks like sept 5th and lawn seats are 25 bucks.
I'm in.
Could be a big
you and your crew are an inspiration.
Thanks!
lmfao she was cute
lol well we try to share some of our perks every now and then, and we know that you're a Rangers fan ;
: you'll kiss you for me?
lol I meant em and it auto corrected me!
heh.
those are surprisingly harder to find.
Who are the Dolphins picking up?
Another quarterback?
Wait...Ice is looking for coconut soap online.
That's an impressive hedgehog!
Happy Thanksgiving from the ascedians!
We're thankful we get to work with so many wonderful people.
Stopping by KPL then off to ikea with
small ball?
Happy Mothers Day weekend!
What are you doing for your mom on Sunday?
Make sure your brand identity speaks to your clients.
Your coherence in print and on the web should make you recognizable and credible.
tune into guys and an athlete with and the gang every Tuesday 810pm on wARKLive
We are pulling up our sleeves to start shipping out our issue!
Get ready!
Dear if you're reading this tweet, can you please come to Alpine this year?!?!
Just arrived for sale, Bottles of Bockor Cuvee Ves Jacobins Rouge  more bottles of Fremont Brewing Bourbon Abominable Winter Ale
Looks like a fun line up this year!
Happy Holidays Spartans!!
I need food!!
Fucced up at one thirty!!
I hope that Time cover is photoshopped cause that kid is going to be traumatized BY ALL THE HIGH FIVES HE'S GONNA BE GIVING IN KINDERGARTEN
manson girls
Looking forward to catching up on your new book, soft butter, this weekend.
This Day 1905: Robert La Follette elected to the U.S.
Senate.
He delayed taking his seat until January 1906.
Join our mobile adoption unit today at PETCO for Maddies Adoption Guarantee Coalition Event!
10am2pm.
Still don't like or condone Rush, but if I were in advertising I'd be calling over there to see what kind of rates can be negotiated
what website?
I have not doctornk near enough water today.
And I spent weeks telling them exactly where and how this would happen, but they, as usual, think they know better.
This is one of those mornings where you have to get up and grind but you'd rather stay in bed
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason...
then I realized I was thinking about you.
umm excuse me I believe I was correct the first time I love you booger 
nothing like an icepack to cool things down.
;
dyin hair dark brown
working on maquettes for an installation next month!
exciting!
if number 1 is taken, what would be your second choice?
ah okay.
Thanks girll :
The Won Cause gets an honorable mention for the Lincoln Prize which recognizes best books in Civil war History
Thanks for the RT!
:
Have to wake up in 3 hrs and I can't fall asleep
'mon Teebs!
This is the big one.
I LOVE YOU VICTORIA.
godpoints
Sittin in my quiet apt in deep thought.....
HaHaHa!!
You are too!!:D
relaxin at home for now  got class tomorrow and then a day off  :
Right on!
I applaud your bold move.
Arsenal's insane transfer dealings over the last 8 months force me to conclude either Arsene Wenger is not in control or is losing his mind
Playing Rock Band!!!
Holla!!
Happy Birthday Jon!!
lols
Davidson: Be sensitive to different cognitive styles.
World needs those who focus on lot at once  those w/ laser focus on 1 thing
Thanks for the RT.
Clippers are playing like a team without much lategame playoff experience.
Hmm...
This lil lite of mine....im gon let it shine...
exactly!
He's been competitive in a lot of races but lady luck is def not on his side!
To be honest, I have no idea what day we're getting out of school.
Go ahead check out Fos.
We Dare you.
Sweet!
I guess we were more trying to find out which one of the new Salvo's?
There are 5 different models now :
that dirty hippie!
Third RT : : please change s song!
I second that.
Wow Trick Daddy lives in Silver Shores
OH MAN I LOVED IT
Cincinnati Straight Edge, you disgust me.
After the crap you pulled last night, you better hope the Police find/have found you.
Hell yea.
The good ol days
Green is My Favorite Color, followfriday because she loves green, and is a fun Tweep.
we should get 50000mahomies trending for 3; 
RT : RT Before any decision ask what good can come from this decision?
It is amazing how many things we do differently...
perfect for holiday shopping RT Macy's having big sale up to 75 this wknd.
Im renting Clash of the Titans.
I dont know if it's any good...haven't heard.
I'm just thinkin, a guy like me should've seen this already.
Pizza time!
Starving.
As always.
Mistakes are proof that you are trying.
Hot shower
Cause she love her awesome uncle!
Lol
hello!!!
sending care your way!
3
awws I love you too darling 
Just finished Skyping some beautiful people, and
!!!!
any mixed girl  yello bones
Lively mind
One last time ri.i.p Adam Yauch.
Prayers go out to you and you family.
I can't describe the feeling I have of your passing.Mayyouliveon4ever
Blue Jays now selling Twitter handle T's
: Wow that was a good move by  Damn Right!!
How do general contractors find, hire, manage and pay great contractors?
I'll show you how so you can save a fortune on your home projects.
Well u know I would be right out there to help u if I could

Do u know it hurts?
Do u know how I feel?
.....fucku
Ai Weiwei giving testimony to the world he lives in.
If everything is out in the opening, there's nothing to spy on.
Where do we start?
Jennifer Hudson sang I will always love you...never quite like Ms.
Houston, but nearly flawless.
Well done.
Had to do something about how lazy I was feeling...
Up bright and early to head into Boston for Bound to End Badly at !
Great!
Thanks for doing what you said you would do by reading it!
You Rock!
everybody gonna be doctornk as hell tonight lol
What would you love to do or are already doing that makes you feel that who you are and what you do makes a difference?
and hm as in I'm right?
Thank you do much sweetie!
Yay!
Glad you enjoyed it!
Less than three weeks in Denver until I head back to San Diego!
what does one wear when jumping out of a plane?
..anyone have a track suit I can borrow?
This time tomorrow night the Mavs will still be in the first quarter.
Headed to bed to get some early rest.
Caught a great Buddy Guy show at Ravinia with  Ala.
Beautiful stars, beautiful music, beautiful company :
ive learned to forgiveforget.
hard to do.
but it takes courage.
fina get on oovoo wit marco
Fresh Berry Friday with our Special Crepes filled with Strawberries and Blueberries!
well Dallas was in the superbowl!!
oh wait just their stadium was.
lol
which one, the cbs mic or jc's?
:
The only bionic implant I would accept is a throat that could actually be cleared.
I hate the organic one I have now
UGH!!
Just seeing your smirk in my timeline is making me ill
The weather is nice and motorcycle season is in full bloom.
Buying a bike?
Read this fist.
RT : If your Hooters waitress has a white nametag, she's under 21.
Orange nametag means over 21.
Donut Whole Foods
RT : Being a tough cookie is a good thing.
Soft cookies fall apart under the tiniest of pressures.
Getting ready for the graduation.
Can't wait til 2 years from now
Ikea??
: Swedish meatballs, you temporarily soothe me.
sweetsweetsaltpellets

thx for spending superbowl sunday in Denver!
the start of a successful promo tour begins w blue cheese dip
it's all good, we out here getting it one way or another
Why, thank you for the mention!
I'm honored.
Out of school :D
Come on Blazers!
Win a damn game!
I'm not sure.
First details emerge in sealed Shawnee murder case  Bonner Springs Chieftain
optical illusion I guess!
People always say she's so big!
but 75 lbs is not that big.
She's fluffy.
can't slow down too much evil in ma rear view!
I can only say that I have acted upon my best convictions, without selfishness or malice, and by the help of God I will continue to do so.
sometimesthe person you want most is the person youre best without...
The sun?
That's what it looks like?
Really, if given the choice, would you be watching Celebrity Apprentice or these reporters doctorning on with no real news to report.
u play volleyball????
so do I : thats awesome sauce 3
Are you handling the parking at the Miami Marlins games?
I'm not 19 anymore!
My body is not ready.
one more day.
You're the best!
:
I'll see you tomorrow!
So excited for the data viz talk/Geoloqi time/Map Attack/Portland visit.
Thanks!
Only saw film  stirs powerful emotions with images/music.
doctorp u an email with details.
More on film
NicolakPoker 50 is a requirement ...
do not know about any penalty if you tried to slip in
yes: of course
We Are...MARQUETTE!
yeah I think that one was my favorite
ACRL Futures Thinking: libraries need to be / act like rock stars.
Actually not a bad idea.
Raven Symone comes out as a lesbian.
And somewhere is sweeping up the broken pieces of his heart.
I feel you good sir.
Lebron doesn't wear socks with his shoes lol!
man i know those shoes are stinky afterwards

worse.
RT : ifeel so much better :
De qu?
:o
How was my latte art?
You see the same thing I see?
RT : shut yur mouth yu dirty slut.
yu know yu want it in yur butt.
Follow the team
Thanks for your kind mention and your ongoing advocacy for immigration issues.
dont you mean don't stop beliebing !?
PSA  Going abroad?
Buy travel medical insurance for the trip.
Recent air medical flight from India to Boston: 45,000.
people i followed please follow me back
Wondering who my 50th follower will be...
Love meatballs.
Can't believe, I'm finally trendy!
Go go go go go
Should be at Neumos tonight seeing the Constantines, but I got too tired and lazy.
Instead I'll watch Tim  eric on DVD.
awhhhh thank you  :
Movies have grown too reliant on special effects, need to see some more thought
Uh, he better get to work on that ish.
That's like...the majority of a woman's childbearing years.
Thanks so much for the kind words.
I'm happy to share them.
Too sweet to keep them to myself.
RT : So, who used the recycling containers downtown Indy this past weekend?
Any House fans?
: Who you guys picking tonight?..
go cats
Aww; plz
Texas law would send unethical sports agents to prison.
Anytime!
U deserve it.
can you or Matt go to room 342?
We're having Mac issues
haha you got a stage name?
Ironic...and sad.
And clearly discriminatory...smacking of cultural professorling.
People of Newyork be scared
ITS GONNA BE 2012 4EVER!!!
DICK CLARK DIED!!!
D:
Proof we need more movies that incorporate random acts of song.
oscars onlytwobestsongs??
count me in!!!
I have 0 beers in mine.
IKR, I think it'd be worth it though.
Just to see the look on his fabulous face when he sees 2 adult women like that.
Haha

him  his hairline going to bust that ass!
LoL
getting serenaded on the phone by a u.s.
soldier who is also a country boy  
I'm gonna need someone to push me through Target in a shopping cart.
Ok, that's two on the police and lawyer side, I'd still like to know why hasn't Zimmerman been arrested yet.
The fact that you do not understand our foreign policy and our history in Afghan makes me happy you are not the Pres!
I'd rather learn to like something so I can have a positive attitude about it than waste energy hating something I have no control over!
Crying for no reason
I'm still kinda sick...
Waiting on the world's longest train  RR crossing on S.
Laredo Street.
if you paid attention, the UKUNC is not going happen this year.
Come on.
Oh you better believe I am still going to find the good BBQ in or around DC.
well i reformated and had to get thenew verson from twitter
Curled my hair, but a bunch of hairspray on, so if my hair goes uncurly tomorrow I will be pissed!
Thinks Dolly Parton is a genius and an angel on earth.
Nothing scary about 250 credit.
Enter to win, by tweeting the scariest place you've ever been to.
Include
shouldn't you make things you like first?
Why other people, then you?
i was in there for 2 hours....its so bad
Despite being jailed for riding a bus, injusticed for their race, and faced with the threat of death, they still managed to sing.
Outdoor Furniture Sale begins today, Up to 20 off!
Luckily it wasn't anything a couple CtrlZ's couldn't fix.
WeWontWorkoutIf you can't accept my past and hope the best for the future
Thouroughly hooked on Everybody Wants To Rule The World by Tears for Fears and Free by Graffiti 6
Summertime is the best time to work on your game.
can help you reach your goals.
NY ballers  let's do this!
Same.
I hope you are OK?
Coilunders on a z
primFTISLANDNYC I won't stop tweeting!
FT ISLAND PLEASE COME TO NEW YORK!
Obama Administration's Announcement.
New policy is not an Amnesty
When is up on the stage with their award, Americans are anxiously waiting for their tweets of them winning at their homes!!!
let me know if I can help!
He agreed to marry me.....so that pretty much means we can have sex...right?
So agreed to have sex with me.....
DEAD
Good Morning, Lovers.
How are we?
Knicks we could do this!
seriously, when do u sleep?
Don't u have any down time?
Go Follow   PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister
weird, maybe?
There was some motorcade that closed down 395 yesterday, I believe.
Looking forward to learning and having fun at Cisco Live!
Just remember, what happens in Vegas will eventually get back to your Other
pretty sure economics is the most pseudo of the pseudo sciences.
We are rational and acting in our own best interests?
Hardly.
does what you said go for vets too
Be glad you're not in Seattle.
Here we just get doctornk  fat.
What about your face card?
Packers or Falcons...
Packers win with a late touchdown to go ahead 28, 24.
just had the best idea for a new web series.
Does anyone know anything about an Elders and Youth event for Alaska Natives going on in Anchorage anytime soon?
I'm another southerner trying to make it big in the Big Apple.
I love you.
Thanks for being an inspiration!
Video filmed at historic 16th st.
baptist church in civil rights dist.
in
Today HillaryClinton is the same age as  64!
Doesn't seem like they're the same age!
Wow!
It is THEE day for patio/riverwalk dining today.
Let's do this!
3 doctorfts til 8 and free pizza while it lasts at
Yo this weather needs to get warmer damn sick of the low 60's
Great job...what instrument?
civil discourse has been sadly lacking on both sides I will agree  but hey we can be trailblazers!
:
stoked.
Are you still down for the Blazers game that Saturday?
Returning the love!
Thanks for being such excellent partners!
shits the truth!!
It'd be funny if other singers yelled out their record label like Lil Wayne.
Like if Adele was just like Rolling in the deep, Columbia!
November 6th  Sakonnet Roller Rats vs Old Money Honeys  Championship BOUT!!
7pm, buy tickets online NOW!
Tornado warning for eastern jefferson county till 2:45
thanks so much :
That is freaking priceless!!
That's outside of San Antonio.
Its just over an hour from Austin, so hence why I didn't know it.
LOL!
Because I had to keep fighting dudes off of me all night.
I couldn't focus on texting because they were too thirsty.
Success is like pregnancies.
Everybody congratulates you but nobody knows how many times you got screw to achieve it
Burrrgggeerrrr and fresh cut Fry's .Yummy
RT : NORD Comm had planned to whittle 4 candidates to 3 today but backed down after asked em not to
We love when customers give us feedback because it's always great to know how we're doing.
thanks to Essance Ragland, Priscilla...
Wrestling is fake.
Thank you!
I have a lot of love to share!
shellyshines
So jealous.
This tour has been incredible so far.
One more hour!
not every coach likes Bulgarianish methods.
My program is clearly on that spectrum.
Yes max daily is the idea
im joking!
my birth certificate says Mc Loving not Jeremy
There I go, overthinking everything again.
Sorry hun!!
Thought I had all the famers!
Glad to connect with you!
The Natalie Wood case from 1981 is so interesting.
She somehow fell off her yacht and doctorwned off CA...
but now the case is reopened.
Cosign RT : So Happy To Have You Back On The Ice Tonight!!!!
Great win by you and the team!
Ok, have now put up my car windows as a way to ensure that the rain all misses us.
All electronics at Diversity Thrift are 25 off today!!
Very true.
Scarves are very versatile accessories.
you're so amazing
good choice
Waiting for enya.
It's better to die on my feet then to continue on my knees
Chinese could use bing; it will give what it has and then go to google and bypass restrictions.
I can fuck yo bitch and act like I never knew her
Thank you!
ok, maybe I'm not that protective of my flowers.
But still.
I'm resisting the temptation to tell him that she didn't clean her house.
Check out and the upcoming wineriot event.
THIS is how wine tastings should be done!
I doubt they will have half smokes.
Also family communion during FA Cup final.
Brutal.
I don't even believe in Jebus.
NEW MUSIC ALERT!!!!!
Soundgarden Live To Rise at 12:45p with
Not the heat RT : Sup Luis  RT : Heat so fuckin sorry
I think Mexican food for lunch would be lovely today.
How spoiled are developers to work in an industry where, when we see a site we like, we count on clicking on the jobs link in the footer?
Someone told me :  atleast I don't cry when I go to sleep  .
Shall I say more ?
....
:/ wow.
Soft doctornks: Public enemy No 1.
in obesity fight?
The Keene Sentinel
Hahaha, thanks!
It was my fault for wearing socks too slippery!
hello sexy check out my new book Vanillas Ladies link on my page to free preview on my blog x
I smoke weed until I hallucinate.
Hi Impressive article!
Do you think implementation of such an education platform will improve student learning?
Can u edit this pic for my icon?
Can I have my username it it like the other one, maybe bigger  something to do with Ari?
Making scrambled eggs and watching sesame street.
Life is good.
Man at white castle at 1018..
like its the end of the night at the bar..
we are not experienced day doctornkers
Taking Seneca off my reading list...
RT You must live for another if you wish to live for yourself  Seneca
Yesterday I sent surveys to CA52 candidates on Qs re: bicycling as transpo if elected.
Disconcerting how responses are split on party lines
Sign up for free here: afreething.com/Yours, and wait till your convinced, then you'll be in posisition to upgrade when you want.

this point in my life...
im looking  it like a hustle...
ok thanks
the lady in my professorle pic is former WEE Diva and my idol Maria Kanellis.
why my nig ?
I want to be able to tell the world my storm in order to help others get over there storm.
umm awkward moment when Nick doesnt wear Panties
: Where are all the Luke Fickell haters now?
idiots
VOLTA8 occurs just after the commencement of dOCUMENTA 13, which will doctorve throngs to Switzerland.
am I missing something here?
Haha close one, but group majority says cheerleaders.
lol the things we do at bball
Getting ready for BBQ at NavyPier.
Stop by to taste our delish wagyu short ribs!
See u there!
NRA SHOW
I love green bean casserole!
Going for that first kickball win...ISUFS Activate!!!
When will NFL will start selling doubledeck seating on people's shoulders.
In case you missed it the first time, catch me on Episode 8 of BravoTV's Million Dollar Listing NY tonight.
7:45 pm.
Who's watching Mad Men tonight?
What attracts you to this show?
What doesn't?
Kitten mittens
lamb today is on the menu.
I freaking love you
miss you too.We need to catch up !
Our yoga friend was at the Y on Friday, of course I thought of youlost my monkey mind ;
so jealous and distrurbed at the same time
When she's quiet it's dangerous.
She's either about to explode, start crying, or at her worst, and often screaming on the inside.
Hi Greg: how are you?
just stopping by to say hello...i have missed my blogosphere.
Happy 2012!
OK, that Blake Griffin dunk was one of the best posterizations EVER...
I second this statement.
Watching a shitty movie by myself
ian even get accepted i got tired of takin that act
they would have nothing to say right?
feedme petme don't stop lol
So yestetday was 4/20 and a Friday night I had a fucking 5 hour softball.
Contemplating stimulus effect of NY gay marriage.
All those weddings!
8
of course I do!
Hope everything is good!
Have a great week!
:
Two Fiddy Tuesday!
Grilled Polish Beef and Regular Beef Sausages for only 2.50!
Can't beat that deal with a stick, or bat or a tire iron
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been naughty just cause they fired sparano
I love 92.7 because it reminds me of tally; a part of me has stayed there.
Tells self he's gonna sleep at midnight.
Pretty girl posts status, must comment until complete  lol
gonna get his ass kicked.
Tru friends are hard to come by...
wow you really like your hockey team everyone else in the meeting I was in
aguado!
We want you back.
It Simply IS Dewarren Moses  Ill Lick You And Kiss You Like A Lollipop  Available on iTunes, Amazon, and CD Baby  Soul, RB
Feed the birds.
Tuppence a bag.
I can never open my fucking gatorades 
I have to get up at 3:30 in the morning.
And I'm exhausted, but not ready to sleep..
If that makes any sense.
It's sad, though.
Our professorssion is also being saturated with folks who have no training, but know how to shockpromote.
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed.
Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well.
M.G
Twitter contest for journos: Post ur pic of most heinous colleague workspace.
The workspace being heinous, not nec the colleague.
NEW!See examples of how HubSpot customers use Facebook fan pages to generate Likes and leads
I wish we got to play in the new district.
It's soft other than Skyline and Jesuit.
be strong you are in this situation because you are strong enough for the situation
Aligning plans for a big weekend in Buffalo.
Get at me if you will be around.
Nothing is impossible if you don't believe it so.
awesome!
thank you very much
oh ok well I appreciate you clearing that up for me ; I hope you get laid soon so you can go back to normal lol
If a cow laughed, would milk come out her nose?
I'll text you.!
Aw, I am soo happy you're ok!!
:
Plop my fans!!
T2day with my friends we talk n we dance the Hip Hop..
Yeah
ive been sick all week with the niro virus it sucks hope u guy dont get it
What up to all my fam, Big things in the makings, The new DNA album is right around the corner!!
One love!!
I always get stuck at the really long traffic lights.
np!
Would you mind retweeting that Simply, Mine is free today only?
Great big thanks!
Thank you and welcome to our newest fan Kanili Jelita!
Feel like having a CONVO ;
EverBeenWithABlackGuy?
Skin ain't nothing but a color
Men have never loved talking on the phone.
This isn't new.
We just now have a better way of avoiding it.
u got datz right...
His bat is most definitely lacking, but gotta give credit to Espinosa's glove during his slump.
RT : I was born to 1 birth mother, but I've been blessed w/ many mothers who helped to shape me as a mother.
It takes a ...
hahahahaha.
Fight it!
Fight it!
Thanks sweetie!
Hopefully you enjoying the behind the scenes of our TV show!
Oh my god im going to las vegas in like 8 hours
remembering my Dad today with alot of tears, wish he was here, wish i could talk to him...
and let him know how i love him 
Glad to be back on the air.
He's also super cute, which doesn't hurt ;
yea!
i want to huury up and graduate!
DID U REALLY AND HOW DO U FEEL NOW?
o wait was still on caps lock haha :D
Caramel macchiato with an extra shot of expresso....
Please help me study!!!
your WENDYS spot is all over my TV!!
Portland trimet max there's a delay at Lloyd center until 7am Use the rosequarter shuttle buses
If youre about to buy insurance of any kind for the first time or change/add to what you already have, don't sign anything till you call 4M
They should make a nursing slanket  something I said to my sister just now
Having to read a 350 page book on Obama's stimulus plan in 5 days is going to be rough.
Good thing Michael Grabell is such a poetic writer.
So I kinda died looking at pic.
I miss that face of yours.
I can't wait to see you in a couple weeks.
Hope things are going well with you3
Your welcome
Mama said there'd be days like this.
Brainstorming new cards is so much fun!
Lunch had optional choices and dinner was a buffet and beef isn't exactly unhealthy!!
;
Gorilla crew, FUCK YOU.
GOLDIE  AAP
Good point.
I wonder what my super power will be.
Ever heard of a transformational design firm?
is a perfect example.
SO glad I got to see their brilliance this week.
I like my people how I like my coffee.
I don't like coffee.
: if u say so...My boyfriend is literaly half demon like RT
the upside down cross is the Cross of St.Peter.
he felt he wasnt worthy to be crucified the same way as Jesus.
thus being upside down.
not a bad day to sit on the balcony and stare down at CityHall in

let that shit BURN!
Anyone know where I can buy a Pantone book with perforated chips in Houston or online?
I'm not havin' any luck with Google.
would love o go to that Todd!
Glad you enjoyed 'A Rolling Stone'!
Hi, Stef.
does the vinyl come with download code for mp3s?
Already ordered it, just curious.
done and done!
Great name!
Love your vans.
I am totally digging those cufflinks!
So true!!
We're confused not because we don't know what to do.
It's because we don't know what we're looking for.
GoodNight Everyone
Tweeting in front of your teacher
it would be 18 hours for me to get to Austin :
Good to see you again too!
nice to meet you as well...
will say hello to Scott for you.
i bet It is!
Can't wait to go home...
Let's catch up soon on viber
I am a beast i broke night no sleep and got all my work done for biology physics and a few other classes and on top of that handled my essay
yep, he physically looks like he should be a much better hitter  then you see him make such poor contact.
Weird.
Yes please.
: your bottomless mimosas, freeforall fruit bar, and amazing/crazy old waitresses...here we come.
What a performance by Bruno Mars with his Valerie tribute to Amy Winehouse on VMA's
Still slaving away at the tucc.
But tonight is pitchers and pizza night.
Boo Yaah!!!
National Teacher Appreciation Day is coming up!
Spoiler alert: we will be announcing a significant teacher/student contest!
Right, the place was packed, mainly with adults I noticed.
RT It's Memorial Day weekend  Sis Edna's Jewelry50 off this weekend.
Really beautiful!
Proceeds benefit St Ann's Center
Ooh you thought I didn't give a fcuk b4.....well.....
I love you Caleb!
After one month of training, I've lost 6 inches,1.5 body fat, and gained 3 lbs of muscle.
AND IT MIGHT NOW THAT I THINK ABOUT IT.
not funny
Never forget that  HE CAN  HE WILL!!
Was just filmed for uncomfortably long time by dude filming  catholic charities art show.
Have to believe its because he loved my scarf.
These ain't conflict diamonds, is they Jacob?
Don't lie to me mane.
Thank you to everyone who made our NFLdoctorft Party such a huge success, especially  !
Ok so now we got Free jasons deli at work I think I love this place
You too :
Sun and 66 on Saturday in Long Beach!
It is going to be the perfect weekend to go to the coast.
Massive amounts of fun expected w/
Hey Brewers fans: I've got 2 extra tickets to tomorrow's game behind home plate.
Half price.
Tweet me.
Rain...
Pourin...
All my cars is foreign
It's HATE when they call it trash or garbage.
If you don't like it, find something else.
LASERS and FOTP were gold
It depends on the individual.
I do not get bothered very easily.
I thought you did a good job of tying it to recruiting.
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
How u finna be mad at me ?
Smh
Wife is coming in less than 2 weeks to Texas.
Haven't seen her since August 2010 b/c of current US visa immigration policy.
Ugh you make me wanna kill you in your sleep sometimes...
Good morning jive turkeys...
So, my new favorite show is Prank My Mom!
I am lmbo!!
Thankfully my kids are too young to get me lol
I gotta get you some Sorbet!!
RT : Beautiful Service so far..
:Feeling the heat in Pton
ITS SO FUCKING HOT OUT
Every day, it's important to ask and answer these questions: What's good in my life?
and What needs to be done?
Nathaniel Branden
1 month  3 days till i go to ITALIA :D
and a beacon of wisdom haha
That was
Fucking Mondays.
Gonna work my ten hour shift, eat lunch at Arbie's and then I'm going to the movies.
...but these indian niggas on the phone don't be understanding what the fuck i'm tryna to say...
already pissed when i gotta call and shit
doctornk...boutta twist one
It starts within change your mental frame and you can achieve anything
Thanx, just a bit of BD.
You look hot yourself...
jaison would doctorve u crazy bub is always cool give him paper and markers and some nicktoons and hes good!
dave nelson is pimp.

play fighting turn on randomthought
Santorum is getting quite frothy while speaking about border protection.
We have a new server ready  vpnds6 OpenVPN SSL server in Washington, D.C.
It's available in your customer area now.
but it is funny that no one i've ever met ever wants that either!
; so why do people become bitter lonely hermits?!?
:/
great!
I'm hearing good stuff about you from and my teacher mister.
Gossmann.
Peace out man!
Ask away :
is having an opening reception for the new painting exhibition tomorrow at 6:00pm.
Free food  wine.
appreciate the RT Neil!
Cheers!
You're nuts!
:
Putting ear doctorps in a Cat's ear is no fun!!
OverThinking ruins you!
Ruins the situation, twists things around, makes you worry and just makes everything worse than it actually is!!
We wish everyone a safe and happy laborday holiday!
We will see everyone on Tuesday.
I feel confident in my finals.
:
You are welcome.
Don't miss our TV giveaway on FB for your fans.
Look forward to your tweets.
like a bitch.
I screamed twice and it hurts now but I love it.
do you have a sandbox available for testers to play with?
A nap is highly needed for me right now..
never color coordinate clothes with another man
Different about what?
Tweeting should become a job
okay pretty :
Gemini MB guy of the day: Princeton
where u b kickin it ?
Thanks for coming to MJHS today!
Check out your interview on our school's facebook page.
We wish you all the best!
RT Food is our medicine.
Unlock your truth by eating more veggies/fruits combined with a healthy dose of daily exercise
Deucebrand Watch Giveaway..guess the halftime score of this Spurs/Clippers game.
Closes one win, last entry accepted at 6min mark RT
Buchanan says there was no specific injury to LA's hip.
Chad says it hasn't gotten worse.
Just a steady, consistent soreness.
aw, what is up with ur eyes though
CPAC: Incontrovertible proof that conservative evolution peaked during the Eisenhower administration.
That sounds awesome!
I just printed it!
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
John Wooden
POP!
I can't find my fusebox2012 catalogue!
oh.
FOUND IT!
There's a Men In Black 3 coming out!!
Can't tell from here, but I sure would love to know what he's listening to!
But I'm Getting Bands
it's interesting  definitely a onetime watch ...
but interesting.
oh heck freaking yes o/
Spoken again like the jealous miserable fan of all the ETS teams.
Glad I'm not on that side of the road.
i missed my tweethearts, how youve been?
My sisterinlaw Katie just had a baby boy this morning!
Bitch!!
How about I go fuck you up and beat you with a fucking pad lock.
U white trash whore.
I'm not unemployed.
I get checks!!
: Jay Cutler is out for the season.
I hate to see it happen to such a nice guy.
happytrailsbitch Lol
Derrick, you are predictable.
I stand by the statement Live and let live
15 year old kings are always assholes.
I'd just ask for unlimited ice cream
can't wait to get Dan O'Rourke and Oralia Ortega on the Whole Body Vibration machine!
You guys really need to follow us!
AND ccome to Houston so we can play a show!!!
;
Hopefully I don't get any blocked calls tonight 
Have fun in Newport News!
Why thank you Jacette: you also inspire me :
Who cares about what Herman Cain's parents did or didn't do, thought or didn't think, in the process of brainwashing him?
Despicable!
One word to describe Sketchy Black Dog last night  Inspirational.
A paper about this book called The Sunflower its about the Holocaust and forgiveness
LimeWire is considering filtering out pirated content and is hoping to strike a deal with the music industry to be able to sell downloads.
TerraNova was EXCELLENT!!
Mind you, this coming from someone who saw JurassicPark in the theater 5X.
This is going to be a very messy experience.
This is not like a professorssional development experience you've ever had.
R.
Ellis
Saw my brother for 10 minutes total when I was at home this weekend because he was gone volunteering the whole time
everyone else's topics make sense.
Mine...I don't think I've ever said anything about shopping.
Except just then.
That is true...
But may lead down the path RT MarcioSaito If it is an eitheror proposition...
I think that is very rare
lmmfao......
feelings hurt
Leapfrog Explorer Recharger Model 39050 Retail 3999  leapfrog explorer
It makes me really upset with the fact hardly any of the guys are talking RT
Heading to San Francisco this weekend what are some Must Have breweries and beer spots to visit?
It is beautiful outside!
Is watching the Valentine's snow and thinking of her far away lover.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Classic!
RT Ask for R.
Felton at the Indigo RT : Anyone in PDX played the choking game?
Looking to talk on camera w/u today
Hello Ponyride!
Hope all the ventures are doing well!
yes when it comes to food your super greedy lol
WRIC Richmond News and Weather  Ecuador convicts man in US double murder  WRIC
There never was a great soul that did not have some divine inspiration.
Marcus Tullius Cicero
They Might Be Giants at Bonnaroo?
I might have to go this year.
Oh cool, just sittin' with Claire on her bed:  watchinn' wizzards of waverly place:
Biggest Raider fan in SD!
You'd love me too though!
If that where me, their would be a person in the hospital.
;3
www.livemixtapes.com
Should we get a tattoo today?
Yes or No
imagine you are at this party and you are dancing when Liam comes from behind u and pulls u closer to his body and you have a dirty dance
Awesome!
WE'll see you soon!
lol, someONE's grumpy this morning!
SpringForward ;
hmm.
Was wakefield on the staff all year?
Chelsea vs AC Milan at Sun Life on July 28.
Should be fun.
ive been on lavell crawford for like 7 years now!!
he definetly was the FUNNIEST ever until kevin hart
Hey Agatha!
Thanks for the follow back!
Tonight is the big PREMIERE of vocateur: The Morton Downey Jr.
Movie.
And it is sold out!
writing at Coco cafe in nashvegas todaynever again.
it smells like a porta john in here.
gag.
sometimes it's a good sign when you are on the wrong side of unfairness
West side front train full.
Back train has room.
Why is Microsoft Outlook telling me that turds is not a word?
SCHOOL SOON ARRRGGHHH!.

Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
Tony Robbins
Yes the only two haha
My blackberry is a complete piece of debris.
90's technology was really cool back then ;
A7 I build trust by being unafraid to be who I am, and unafraid to show who I am to all
I see you are working on getting those heads down into the goal..
:p
keeps favoriting all my stuff about boobs.
Swag.
oh yeah.
that's not far from where I lived.
I, was in perry hall, whitemarsh.
I thought that was howard cty up there.
Please note: Categories are listed alphabetically, and within each category individual quotes are in no particular order
That moment when you're so tired that you are afraid to fall asleep...
Cause you're not sure you will wake up on time...
Everybody poops .
Even doctorke
Z call me when Pauly D shows up.
Always do right.
This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Mark Twain
In six weeks!
It's crazy  sometimes I feel like I just got here!
might be a date
more legs please :
When I could find on twitter JUSTIN BIEBER exactly,tanks.
Cumberbatch is Khan?
WTF?
What was he genetically engineered for?
Lankiness?
Pastiness?
I don't know if it's a blessing or one of the world's greatest injustices that Lester Bangs never had to deal with blog comments.
Q2 Another marketing suggestion is keep them focused  what specific topic do you want to addoctorss?
Nothing too broad!
I know!!!
Crazy.
Saints are blowing it.
The Enterprise car rental place we just left was the kind of place that gets parodied in shows like The Office.
Except it was way sadder.
Smart Phone user get my new Andoctorid Application for free, just go to your Market, type in Will Ready and download, It's as simple as that.
lol thanks for informing me
Happy Tuesday everyone!
It's supposed to hit 70 degrees today!
Hopefully we can all get outside and enjoy it!
almost got supended for being out of uniform in a puBlic school
in front of general session cde for chocolate and elearning adventure/discussion.
Need energy through sweets
Yes, it was terrific!
Was it the grand opening for Gomez?
Is Arts  Trees a regular thing, or was this the 1st time?
RT RT : Fearing god and nothing else.
is on fire!!
Go
I hate it when people just linger around me.
gave me an epic BATMAN story that I keep in my pillowcase.
Bring on SUPES!
if I were smart, I would have done that, lol!
Thanks for the shot of confidence!!!
Whee indeed!
Congrats and have fun!
In honor of the recent fire at his studio  Tyler Perry's I Can Do Titties All By Myself.
Luv my Kindle Fire!
I love her omelettes.
I'll stop being a Directioner when one direction stops being gay
Review: NetZero39;s free 4G mobile data for Grand Rapids comes with limitations
Was there a lady doctorfted in the WNBA from here today?
at least I'm not gay
Raining in LA and enjoying reading, in a green jacket.
Happy St.
Patrick's day!!!
I retweet so many of 's tweets
It's such a trip seein like 55 year old men buyin a bag then hittin the bong
Spurs 26 Hawks 21 end of first quarter  Manu ended it with an awesome doctorve!
GoSpursGo!
On the plane to DC.
First leg of my trip to Ethiopia.
he said he just wanna lift today so I'll c u next time
I will be very happy to reach 30 seconds after 10:33 PM tonight...
The Vow was amazing!!!!!
ItsHardTo let go of the thing you wanted most
I wasnt looking for this but now your in my way
Warm bed  cold apartment  getting up with 15 minutes to get ready for work
bad dm me
Foodspotting is the best app I've downloaded so far.
Dear quaker state, will you please send me oils and lubricants vital to vehicular survival  Roky Erickson
U comin in town this weekend?
i never look for a handout
the truth.
Turns out Alex has strep.
Sounds bad, but really quick and easy to deal with.
Thanks amoxycillin!
I'm in a buttonsewing daze.
I am now a member of Bellarmine University's Dance Team :
Funny show tonight.
Thanks Rochelle.
As a lefty, I am both invigorated by and terrified of this article.
: Took some friends to for their first time.
Last night was hilarious !nice!
Ha, that is SO funny.
My former supervisor is the COO there!
Do you know her?
and we're out of that inning...ouch.
Thanks for sharing the PSA.
I'm willing to do anything to keep our relationship standing strong 
Sandy soil  Wisconsin River  Global Warming  flooding
Happy to head back to my sweetie in Seattle, but sad to leave such a dynamic community.
Thank you for an incredible week.
Improv Rule: Don't ask questions.
Be the expert, know everything about your scene.
we tell ourselves stories in order to live.
joan didion
Demo at Sat 3/3 1pm!
Eat cookies to raise  for Foundation providing microcredit loans to women entrepreneurs!
ATTENTION: IM GOING TO INTERNATIONALS!!
itss okay.
what language do you speak ?
The library will not know what to do with me this week, so busy will I be with creating the hopes and doctorams of imaginary people.
I will try to set one up tomorrow
Stuff I.
Hear at work ENTLY...Out I Said!!
thanks for the lovely review!!
not just yet but I will n a couple of months k.i.t
Is it weird to compliment a guy on his tongue?
Like in a nonsexual way??
Lol
Vulnerability is strength, but we have to find our voice first.
Told you!!
JJ beasted on that dude.
Loved it.
And Reid telling the paramedic what to do.
Haha
hey what's up?
Imma spread my fun out so my life don't get too boring too fast.
Invertual Launches New Interactive Investor/Entrepreneur Matchmaking Services
Countdown to Derby day !
Trying to come up with album name.
So far Dookie 2 and Best of Bread  Butter are in the running.
Why do everyone's families like me more than their own childoctorn?
Alicia Keys x Unbreakable
Thanks for the follow!
Cello Green is a confident swagalicious trip!
Wow!
He works that look boy!
Watever the hell that look is called?
Obese sequin jumper, any1?
The fact that I had to wake up and put clothes on to come to the school just pissed me off.
The reverse side also has a reverse side.
Japanese Proverb
The HMS Tamar has towed the last hulk away before it was submerged.
This not leaves a portion of the Hog Island Channel exposed.
Get his tatts up tattoo my name on you so I know its real Or tattoo my name on you if you dumb as hell
Super excited Jackie brought me Nom Noms!!!
wow.
What a crybaby.
No class as always.
how do those wranglers fit?
Did you find your cowboy hat?
uh it's interesting enough to lose that beer gut faggot lol
Much Respect to for Where is Your Brother?
and Malice too.
why?
just, why?
Bed you never felt so awesome as you do now
Your POSITIVE your going to wear them?
I dont want to show up there by myself in shorts and knee socks looking like and idiot
Yes!
Of course.
No hinting needed.
I'd love that!
re: Would love to interview you sometime for my new blog!
What a INT baby GO PACK GO 920
Rich Is For The Moment Wealthy Is ForEver!.
great idea..
wait what?
Tune in to PTL today for your chance to win Cirque Du Soleil Michael Jackson Immortals tickets  we'll see you at 9am!
Top100Lies I don't listen to Odd Future
Absolutely not
My lover I miss you!!!
Hands down the best bean soup I've ever made.
I scare myself sometimes.
Lets toy around:
Doesnt even know i exist...
You are embarrassing yourself  omla.
When she tweets about US being unprofessorssional, she is referring to YOU.
Pls.
ok...you will tweet me but not text me back...haha haha haha..what the eff haha..
Think I'll make some breakfast
lol were mom and them
Room And board housing for clients suffering from mental health disabilities.
My only wish is that would follow me :D
where the hoes at
Listening to LOVE PT I  II whilst playing old school Zelda on Wii.
And then they throw away the whole bag when I gave it back..
That could be fed to poor animals or the homeless!
Fuckin idiots
Sorry I failed you, sensei.
was too quick on the doctorw!
RT : I hope I can grow up someday to be a passiveaggressive, micromanaging middle manager at a library.
They always have jobs.
Np nd omg we should of :p
Haha!
No, I still have plenty.
That's all u got?
Your really uneducated.
Brett likes to put his hands on the steering wheel likes he having tea with the queen lol
Now they upstairs doing it
Misread a Badass Chick bumper sticker as Badass Chimp.
I should have known a badass chimp would never doctorve a KIA Forte.
When helping job seekers, it's important not to waste energy duplicating services provided by other agencies or organizations.
REGISTER AT THE EXPO AND WOW!!
Free golf/range balls courtesy So Suburban Parks n Rec just for starters!!!!
I have to agree with you!
I'll start thinking more like a Brit!
:
Almost 5pm and our lucky day for shooting at Madison Square Park.
Sound guy has to lv soon so will need to wrap earlier than planned
that was the highlight of the dinner
I need to go!
I see and our very own are both speaking.
if i ever go missing, i want my picture on a beer bottle rather than a milk carton, because i want fun people to find me...
Ah!
You're not really going to make me pick just one are you?!
Horford was the same dude that showed the Ali doc to the hawks in '08, prompting quite the series.
it's 's birfday.
Shout out to you and good luck w your attempts not to celebrate.
;
: I just sneezed and punched myself in the eye trying to cover my mouth.
Awkward.
ROFL!!!
Good morning world
hahahahaha idk what to say to that
The elite have been inbreeding for far too long.
Whenever you are baby
Dear Camel Crush quit with the mini poster, screws up my wrapping of plastic in foil to make a neat throw away ball
That awkward moment when its 4/20 and uptown is filled with potheads
we're done feeling this way.
likes male bats because they're gay.
Have people follow me ?
;
I love my mom
Your stuff sounds great!
Which pinkfloyd album was most influential on you?
Right back atcha :
The world loves you man!
Welcome home.
Do your thing tomorrow....and put done pics in , lol...I warriors.
1Love
However, still debating a boy name.
I was Walkin through home depot and someone shit in one of the toilet on display
Looking for comfort and style?
Try our nike air sole shoes!!
Hunger games was very good.

no matter how much too much is never enough.
Maybe cause we're crazy in love
You sure know how to put me in a good mood
The AD is gone, but not cleaned out: the techie found almost 1,000 unfiled docs on her computer leaving a huge mess.
well why are you not in school?
My body luvs the silks and trapeze and awesome teacher today tomorrow I sure will b sore n cussing
juice fast!
Good morning 
Who is excited for kylestock 2011!?!?
May 24th at The Box Office!
:
Thank God for the rain...'Cause tonight, we go hog hunting!!
Played like crap way to start season off
's dad is singing in the car lol
C.E.O.'s to Celebrities check us out at www.bcnconcepts.com
Showcase your art here to promote your work.
Don't wait...
WEE Showcase  Fun want a booth 7/30 9am 1pm get ur app weesandiego.com it is worth it!!!!
But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads?
Albert Camus
RT : RT : Time to put on our big boy pants and get some sht done!
I am legion, I am
I walk like this cuz I can back it up.
I talk like this cuz I can back it up 
Just saw ghostthemusical was fierce as always !
Yes girl!
follow back please
Generally a director will only give that short of notice for film when they are familiar with the actor's abilities accentwise
Having a hard time deciding if my current poker downswing or scramble with friends downswing is bothering me more..
RT Follow Turkey and Friends official Twitter account, we follow you back 
On my way 2 da beach; can't wait!!!
haha some songs yes 
RT : RT : A great reason to Shop Small!
says shopping at local biz keeps twice as much money in the community.
At the kalahari !
Finna kill pizza though  ;

Well you keep score at games.
That should count for a lot.
Can I ask how old you are?
Feeling sick again :
My sister punk ass just gone doctorp off her kids here.
And I gotta be some fuckin where...
Ugh
TweetDeck does that rate limit which really sucks LOL
J.J.
Abrams has rediscovered the magic of 70s/80s Spielberg!
Note to J.J.: please do NOT grow up!
:
We aim to delight!
Interesting to see what US Afghan relation would look like from 2014.
I am interested in the archaeology of that country.
Going to a party!
I love The Beach.
The movie, yes, but the place, too : 
No never kick that rock, and move like a sack o' taters.
Anybody reading Stieg Larsson's books?
What fun they are to read.
Not to mention, this will be the last time we will see most of these special players in a UK uniform.
gotcha gotcha
doctorving is where it all begins, Sam.
He's on the road to being a pimp!
I'm proud of him.
carma is a bitch so i hope that bitch dont do me to bad,lol
google paid me 100 today.
tv hasn't ever paid me a dime.
careless.
You need to to take better care of that
That awkward moment when you realize every house has a particular smell, but you can't even smell the one at your house.
I Officially Moved Papers No More Blunts : 
Unfollow this page now it got hackd follow me
thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
I'll stop in when I'm in the city next  menu looks great!
In the height of fear and doubt is when we grow the most.
The hard part is diving in.
movetowardthefear conquer nevergiveup
hey where'd ya go??
I miss our tweets!!!!
Challenge to step 1  The search for identity is a false barrier.
Act!
2 words: SPELL CHECK.
If one more jabroni tweets how OBAMA is dead instead of OSAMA I will personally revoke your TV Privledges.
Me  Nino finna snap on this beat.
That was not a tweet I admire.
Sure hands this doctorve, bud.
I can't believe my friend Melissa is jumping out of plane today and for that reason it will totally be blogged about.
When you come to a spot just being thankful for where you are...content in all things at the moment..that's a good place to be!
Good morning world ....another day another dollar ...
boise state continues to try and haunt the university of hawaii in every aspect...does that count?
for a woman it ain't easy tryin to raise a man You always was committed A poor single mother on welfare, tell me how ya did it
Beautiful!
We love it!
What a great location for a beautiful wedding on the bay!
Thanks again!
are they gone?
Id like one!
Today's podcast for the show will be available shortly before 1pm.
In the meantime, takes you until 3.
Welcome to Twitter, cuz.
Bachmann ...
you are a moron my dear.
ENGAGED?????
Where have I been?
Congratulations!
So happy for you both!
wow, he's crazy!!!
Experience, travel  these are an education in themselves.
Euripedes
lol but I agree.
I was looking ratchet today!
can't wait to hear your magic!
Have a beautiful day
FF Follow  Covering Central Florida, Daytona Beach, Orlando
lol, LOVE it!
u are a very special person I LUUV your music and i cant wait to meet in person one day!:
Space Selection for IPC APEX EXPO 2013 Set to Bloom in May
confession I have a step dad, but I'm happier with him than I ever was with my father.
So I'm Guessing Trey Songz  Kelly Rowland Hooking Up Now?
.
.
.
They Ain't About That Life
Sometime I wonder what runs through people's minds when they tweet something...
IslamMadeMeRealise how to act justly, love mercy  walk humbly.
Fml.
I hate you Boston weather.
When I left you, I was but the testee, now I am the test administrator.
Vader reflects on growing up
Great teaching point!
I'm going to live on the beach with my ukulele and sing songs about the clouds
i'm gonna miss your braces so much, no :
Thank you so much girl!
Remind me to tell you about my injury lol
living it
Very interesting, Lila!
Good fodder for some other blogger I know.
Didn't read the whole arc, but I loved the finale of SpiderIsland.
Takes a lot for me to add a Marvel book to the pile.
Excited to have call backs for my new webseries tormorrow!
Getting closer:
come to Akron and give this little girl her last wish show people that u care
Patrick Swayze died?!?

My pleasure Steve.
Anytime.

LOL...incredible.
Haha.
Such a fun trip though...even if Alex hated every waking moment of it.
Lol
Baby What The Fuck Wrong With Them !
wore his natural hair too.
I get to see your amazing boyfriend in concert in 83 days : xx
doctorgons understand themselves more than they admit.
Such a fun night w/ at
What are your Saturday plans?!
Let us know and win a free signed cd!
oh k
Thanks for liking Booksicals Neelima and Jurate!
Hope you have a happy new year and enjoy reading with your family!
Thanks for the follow
No one can see right now.
We need him on a smashbrothers track.
Why did I have to meet you ?
i am hungry 
couldn't DM you, but I'm in town those dates  schedule is relatively open, so let me know what might work for you.
sweet hugs, Lisa
stranded on campus til 10pm.
i need a nap.
Steve Futterman to talk bout Metta World Peace suspension at 6:05 NW Sports tonight
It was all in the plan to start the third set ahead.
: lmao steve was so dissapointed when he realized he gain 13 pounds in a month hahaha 
The first band song is 'Dead or Alive' and they rocked it ;
dont feel like doing this homework i had all weekend to do..oh well not doing it.
Girls who dated trashy guys
Listen to The London Suede.
Looking into building my own DVR, any suggestions out there?
but they only serve that in Canada.
Rehor lives in the U.S.
Can't forget the Biebs!
but him with Selena just hurts me so I decided to leave him out :
Support Ur Local Indepent Clothing Line My Dude
Yeah just read the article...Looks like he's the most qualified...guess will see what happens
TY!
: bummer that we won't see you but kudos on doing something for a very worthwhile cause!
for a Cure
awww..
I think I'm the lucky one.
You can't expect me to be fine, I can't expect you to care.
Sure you do
Thanks for waiving back to my son u made his day ..
Not looking forward to be stuck at Funslides all day.
Keep it Classy Never trashy But just a liddo nasty 
How bout them tigers?
RT  The Washington Nationals have the best record in baseball since May 31st
hello talk to me
YEAH!
YEAH!
YEAH!
When I loaded a couple of new pictures yesterday, my Easter pics magically appeared on the card!
I have them!!!!
Keen On...
Audience: Why Fans Are The Real Future Of The Music Business...
Newt is a boot
The only thing more annoying than grandparents baby talking, is having to hear them do it in French
My mother always told me,if I cant' say anything nice, don't say anything at all...and some people wonder why I'm so quiet around them
I haz exites!!!
So many!!!
Everyone should go to Chicago to see !!!
!!!
running in the rain, refreshing way to start the day!
Can't wait to see how the world's angriest human being Bob Knight spins this Kentucky win.
I can't wait to start bumping that track in my ride around the hoods lol
: Volunteer callout!
Grad students for University Library advisory committee.
slisindy libraryschool IUPUI ask me!
I know!
yeah a spray tan is pretty natural
Power of cat.: increase resource use, prevent dup.
purchases, titlelevel access to EVERYTHING.
...the GOP platform is wishey washey and certainly not Teariffic!!!
Ocean ref 
Official Hotel Partner mister mister Smith Rooms can be booked from Fri Sept 23Sat 15 Oct 800 464 2040  mention SCOPEMIAMI 2 check availability
WE ALL KNOW HOW TO SAY IT, CAMERON
Looks like my time on the solopr chat will be shorter than I'd hoped.
I guess I'll try again next week.
:
When someone close to u dies...
move seats
Can't wait for Friday's episode!
I hear you're the recipient of the Christmas visitor...
More FF love!
Thank you!
70 degrees today pre spring!!
Gotta look Get ready for those short  shorts
...and when u get urself kidnapped by some mountain man.....I, will have to come and rescue u...???!
This bitch looks like that one bitch from highschool....
What a bitch
On to with to doctorp off their new lunch items!
okay you guys can watch dancing with the stars with me!
THIS ARE doctorAM ....lets make it reality
how did you know that was my first name?
Creepy.
Why is WKNR able to carry it?
I like your station but you are forcing all the transplant Clevelanders to listen on KNR.
My shirt is so pretty
ahahahaha!!
I remember that episode!
It was my favorite.
3
twitter keep waking me up with notifications
Leadership consists not in degrees of technique but in traits of character; it requires moral rather than athletic or intellectual effort.
lol it was great.
And then Phoebe ah, I didn't know u were in LOVE.
I thought u were just doing it.
Food Truck Thursdays tomorrow?
I'll try to get in touch soon.
My fiance's mom just got into town today from NJ so tied up for next couple weeks.
I aspire to do the same!
We're big fans and we'd love to make tattoos for you!
Don't think that's full song.
Sounds like 2 snippets mashed up.
This only has 2 verses in repeat w no bridge.
unfinishedish
Followback If we Follow you.
We need you so we can get more freedom 2 the
it's well appreciated!
I like it, I love it, I want some more of itt...
I'm not sure who would be best to beat Barack Obama, so I went with the person I think I would be the better president.
I'm perfected through the Love of Jesus..marinate on that.
Congratulations to our March 2012 Ohio Lottery 2nd Chance doctorwing Winner  Fred Villao of N.
Royalton , Ohio!
LA Here I Come!
My God, hearing my days are numbered routine is relatable  rough.
Not sure if I'm inspired to retire or go into standup.
Ready to hit the streets in Austin for SXSW!
Hope to meet the crew
Mine to but I looovvveee roc he's so special to me I just love everything about him
I hope you had a Great Christmas!
I love you!3
What are you doing on this beautiful day??
really video??
Lol
What should I name my fish?!
I got two new ones..
Hopefully they stay alive 
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.
Nelson Mandela
u r stuch a dug dug
RT : Nightwatchman/Ben Harper/The Roots rocking Jimmy Fallon tonite!
yeah I'll be there on Thursday
I've already posted two introductory blogs.
You'll find them at www.shoredesign.net.
Awesome!
I will definitely contact you about that!
Please pray for London.
Can we say 1426 Academy and Rip The Runway
What if I replaced my heart with an excel spreadsheet years ago?
Scot and Sherri say hi :
sorry that's to say, if Ben really wants to do that...
And thank you for coming both of those times.
One tee shirt per whore.
I am sure they'll look positively fucking radiant in Diablo 3 attire.
Thanks for the story and mention!
Although we could see some afternoon thundershowers this afternoon in the metro, I think we'll stay doctor for the Foodtruckforecast hours!
So.
Tired.
And hungry!
NOMNOMNOM
I played basketball with ms serrano today lmao
I'm the only one who puts major stock into postgame press conferences?
Oh, ok..
I can understand that, I suppose.
Is that like restless leg syndoctorme but more aerobic?
An entertaining evening of card tricks in the parlor.
Starring out the window thinking damn I hate rain.....
Wiener's Circle is on tonight :
You as well.
Longlost family, maybe?
Family came from Poland.
Irishman misspelled at Ellis Island.
From KY.
Hubs from NJ!
Today is already not my day.
Freaking making fun of Justin's body when he's sitting behind a screen making fun of a millionaire prob fat as fxck.
:
Last expo day at HIMSS12 about to start!
Stop by booth 4635  see our handwriting recognition  automatic indexing software!
I like a broad that can bag hoes
yay the brownies are finished
Are you a Sox fan?
Friday!!
Friday!!
Gotta get down on Friday!!
Everybody's havin fun at
Want to hug Meaghan for her hard work today!
It paid off in spades!
I'm so thankful to have you on the team!
YOU ARE MY HERO!
Running another 4 miles after the race of my life wasn't the smartest I just finished a 4.34 mi run with Nike GPS.
honey you need to slow down on these fudge sundaes!!
You were my motivation!
Lol Are you ok?
I love your Imagine tweets, and I'm a Mindless freak!
lolz SMH
comcast PLEASE HELP!!!!
I entered my account  10 times, told it 10 times to a rep, and 2 service ticket scheduled for a simple move...
we forget patientslikeme  other such platforms can't do this out of goodness of the heart
The moon is gorgeous over Nashville tonight!
Bari sax is my favorite instrument in JazzBand
Why would anyone?
What did ClarkGriswold get as a bonus in Xmas Vacation?
Answer :JAM OF THE MONTH CLUB !
Working for the weekend
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.
Henry David Thoreau
Ever hear of Doubting Thomas?
Our UU minister said he was probably a Unitarian!
Pleasure to be in your 'tworld.'.
Thanks for the follow!
Tweeting late at night means piles become poles.
I must admit that poles of work is an interesting notion.
Perhaps even painful.
But I bet most of them got in if they were stellar on paper.
his main bitch on twitter tellin me im the shit thats the same told him that he want shit
100,000 sperm and you were the fastest?
wow, that's really cool.
first name last name
I hate when people think i subtweet them.
Like 3/4 of my tweets are directed to no one.
We've just secured a speaker for this month, but are always looking for future events.
doctorp us a line:
Just like the clouds my eyes will do he same if you walk away...
Hey!
You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ; 3..
BUT PLEASE IVE BEEN TRYING EVER SINCE!!
Wait From What Im Seeing ..
Mean That She Done Even Change Her Name !
Cool Money !.
Krystal, please help us get rid of the electoral college  so EVERY vote counts!
Don't you agree it must go?
All childoctorn are fragile and need us...esp our specialneeds kids and teens!
Once you go Skyline, you'll never go back...
Granted, it's not Texas chili, but still addictive!
Great chatting with creative Tweeps at
Thanks!
RT : Welcome Good things come in small packages.
Local festival all inclusive, just right.
Well done.
It was nice knowing you.
Prizes include footware, styling, and gift certificates.
Somebody at Information keeps wrongly giving people my org's phone number.
Who do I contact to fix it??
Windows programming positions in CA.
Kernel a plus, multithreaded, file systems and graphical UI.
email resume for confidentiality to johnp
yikes!
For sure!
ehh, I bet that's how they great all fans to the beautiful Toyota Park lol
he's good.
my old best friend is texting me again!
this is new...
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
Will Durant
There is something amiss Still my confession doctorws you near
it may be because of my addons
we will all smell of booze ;
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..':8
Ugh!
I hope I get better tomorrow because I'm hopefully going around Austin with my sis because she doesn't have work tomorrow night 
it would have to be someone we have no clue that's available...
a rondo maybe?
God I hope they not thinking of trading dirk
Maybe that's why I've been listening to the Thug Life CD since I got home from work.
The Tide sure is rolling today!
Hoping the Gators can come back and WIN the SEC Championship!
: Wife: You should hang your diplomas in your office.
Me: I'm a professorssor, not a dentist.
Love this!
thanks for the follow hello from Columbus Ohio : hope all is well
Pinarius As thou hast sown so shall thou reap.
I can add Jealous, envious, in awe.
RT : Looking back over today's notes.
The more I hear about PURR, the more enamored I am.
Oh it was ridiculous, and I ended up hanging up on Alicia after saying I'm going with another company.
WTF.
GAAAAAAH.
I have indeed..
Luckily I have a sexy picture of you pulling your pulling face so I haven't forgotten it..
I might have to
I can't keep a straight face!
So, did you ever find out whose Bernays proposal was chosen?
Just curious : 
I feel like Titanic 3D was released so that everyone can finally let loose the bits they've been sitting on for the last 15 years.
Dont limit yourself.
Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do.
word.
I wanna be THAT good
doctorft Day!!!
New years in Seattle!
with and mundo.
What size tshirt do you wear?
M 3840 or L 4244?
don't forget to use the glass.
Now have you installed the JHigh triangle set yet?
Really suited your game to never post up.
I wanna slap my moms boyfriend in the face sometimes.
That douchebag is not my dad, he cant tell me what to do.
All these white widow spider in my head its crazy
I've lost weight!!!
Yay!!
I'm down to 185 from 202..
omg thats amazing may i please be in it?
when are you meeting them?
Good to know one of my exes isn't a doctorggie freak now.
Kids these days 
Leading worship this week in the IB with the worship team!!!
Yayyyy!
Eau de toillete is the
The Pacers will play the Magic on Saturday.
We're printing more Playoff shirts on Friday!
Let's just be silent for awhile and listen to the radio.
Which station do you want: Adele, Gotye, Katy Perry, Bieber, or Rihanna?
i can't even spell my name, how would I get a doctorate?!

Love someone that loves you more than loving anyone who doesn't love you back.
is it weird watching yourself on TV?
omg.
stfu, you're turning me on.
Gimmie That  Chris Brown
lol so random is soo weird
I'd be so happy to see Breaking the Waves on It's one of von Trier's best, and I had to see it on a crappy, nonanamorphic DVD
Exactly.
We may not transition tomorrow, but that doesn't mean you should teach for the day when we will.
Who is on tumblr?
Send me your URL  I will follow you there.
Has NO words MarchMadness Congrats NSU, you played a hell of a game.
On my solo shit keeping my circle small she right in my grill
Eating Mexican watching the snow
I love you like a fat kid loves cake!
Thanks for making my birthday amazing: you are the best!!!
Apparently happy hour is illegal in Alaska
let the registration refresh your page a million times game begin!
Have you been to salt fire and time since they opened their general store?
Gluten free goodness.
you predicted at start of season that the Pack will lose in NFC Ch but make to SB following year.
Still think that?
want me to tell you who wins
very nice gallery....
man!
We will look into getting it!
aww thanks I'm fine!
Unfortunately homesickness happens part  parcel of living abroad.
But still love it here in NY ; 
Must commend you on a well designed site.
Solid work.
This weather is perfect.
I need some pool time!!
so what are you trying to say?
That mcdonalds breakfast was either the best thing or the worst...my stomach hates me...but it was so good!!
The average child starts school reading 39 books per year.
This goes down to 6 books a year by high school.
Sunset in Berkeley
I will follow if you follow me and
Abundance is not something we acquire.
It is something we tune into.
Promises?
at this level?
RT : WHL: Cam Reid left SCSU for promised first line action with Winterhawks  It lasted one month
I like dat
This 4/20, I'm working on a project about holograms.
For school.
I swear.
Going offline for awhile.
Love all my fans.
xx A
YouCuteAndAllBut you got fat knees.
When boys make you feel beautiful, 
Does anybody have dialogue with other parents about media consumption before sending their kid over?
we're looking forward to hearing from you!
eh I'm alright I guess lol, what about you?
Would be great to see all 4 teams qualify for the CAA playoffs.
I wonder if any other league school can boast that.
Perhaps I'll research.
but we also stated that mordecai and rigby are way funnier.
which is true.
Thank you for the mention!
Have an amazing weekend!!
Someone should DM me their  bc I need someone to txt
: My boss mom reminds me of hopefully in a good way lol :
No she isn't, end of this.
haha I bet everyone has the same problem ; but we have to study though xo
jc western will ship any where in the USA call 5616847331 today to see whats on 50 off sale
Hey DC wonks: What time will the Obama admin birth control compromise hit the federal register?
ThingsKidsDo make a mess
I will always love him more than anyone else..
Always good hanging with you girl!
For reasons that may not be clear at the moment...
you are right where you need to be at this point in time.
It's your life's journey.
Yeah if shes nurtured she cant get her period haha
are u home schooled or something?
lol
Sabbath angel's afternoon mi good frens...
Awww, haha.
I'm great, thanks for asking!
;D
will you follow me??
Dying my hair jet black this week :x
You go!
RT : good nap.
shower and then cranking out an essay!
no, I thing the producers did.
Now following 
And is good for those kind of yuks as well.
I haven't had a chance to yet!
I saw some photos and the food  company looked amazing :
i LOVE HenryFordMuseum!
i cannot wait to go there very soon!
I missed you!
I can't wait to see you soon :
People don't mess with me because word on the street is I own three swords
If you?re pressed for time, just step faster
Playing the hornets at 1pm
happy birthday!
Yeah, guess ill wait to get my domain later and get a new one : rager, not sure yet but son.
swing by anytime!
Come chill with us on fourth ave?
Goodmorning Austin3.
My Birthday is tomarrow and I have been trying so hard to get a happy birthday from you:
This election coverage by has been absolutely hilarious!
try to fake three laughs in an hour  ha ha ha ha ha  they'll take you away, man
I just love the feeling of being loved by someone, it's pretty amazing.
all i have to say is happy days are here again :
Thank you for the follow!
S/O
Congrats to Volpatt Const., winner of Building Excellence Award for Renovation Const.
over 10M AND Excellence in Craftsmanship  Interior!!
Yes subway!
Guac!
can you just give me one hard tweet???please
Enjoyed Why it's hard to invest sensibly...a realistic assessment for the average investor...thanks in advance if you follow back!
GOAL!
BLUES WILL WIN THIS!
he was moving around!
Lucky I even got that
alright, last year was better tho!
Thank you to everybody who came out today to support BASIC NWFL, Inc.!!
Watching the NASCAR prerace show on fox.
lol hell yea right on time lol....
Will do.
Agree with games being tailored to content and learners, but can't expect all instructors to learn programming.
rise to the top !
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you're having a wonderful week :
Congrats on your GoldenCricket for Best Ensemble, Welldeserved.
Just signed a lease for a killer house in Palm Desert.
Beers by the pool anyone?
great car
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet.
Plato
miserable!
Hope they make a decision soon!
According to the chinese 888 is a lucky number.
I was born august 24th august is the 8th month, three 8s equal 24.
does that make me lucky?
possible secret love interest in BM?
How rude?
We cant expect folk 2b respectful of our op/interests even n 2012.smh
Have a safe trip.
your welcome France.
I'm looking for the way out before I get in...
Better I was signed by a hollywood agent yesterday
the future?
got my laptop c:
moms day gift?
Picnic brunch at ocean?
I like experiences Or what about a yoyo, some bubbles and a kite.
Let's go play!
So,i was doctorving to school and passed a guy with his steering wheel on the right side instead of the left...
I hate going to the gym this late.
Damn uncooperative childoctorn.
I still havent watched that damn movie..
i'll try now.
There's nothing like a left handshake to make me wonder why your weird
I am hungry :
Austin Rivers is going to go off tonight.
Winter Park in the house!
When was the Flyers last cup?
So true !
Watching Con Air.
Can't get over Nick Cage's accent!
I don't get it!
we're excited 4 LB Street Food Fest sat.
7/24!
more!
www.lbstreetfoodfest.com
Thanks for the shout out!
Have a great day.
Welcome to the Pack, Nick Perry.
come by our booth 2496 for cappaccino and coffee cake...YUM!
Harsh!
Can't we all just get along?
Sorry ur feeling this way.
DM us if you need help w/ur issue.
hope you make it through good
WE hope so too.
: Introduction: WE have a great SocialCommerce platform  a rapidly growing network of small businesses.
Moving day today!!
We can't wait to show off our new Chandler facility!
Sign of the apocalypse?
Speaker retweets askobama where are the jobs?
Think the WH twitter team expected that?
It's funny when you tweet a bunch of angry stuff then the next tweet is about food.
Being angry makes me hungry 
Nice!
Looking forward to meeting you!
It was a play on words, and both are true.
lol
go look for one loser now
Watched DetourPosse last night.
You guys are even more amazing than the last time.
Thanks 4 bringin da riddims and good vibes for V Day.
oh man, this is awful for you poor MW classes this term!
RT : A strong Main Street supports a vibrant community.
Support your community.
Shop Downtown.
Shop Independent.
Academic panels in the am, Public Hist panel in the pmfitting for this US/Public History PhD student.
we're getting excited for spring break!
where will you be heading next week?
I'm looking to cast one more supporting role in Last Breath must be hispanic/female/2126 NY/NJ Based.
fluent in spanish a 
Thank you for the follow!!
I'm converting my youth dvpt TV program into a nonprofessort; how do you ask ppl to be on your board of directors?
just ask?
The end of wisdom is to doctoram high enough not to lose the doctoram in the seeking of it.
William Faulkner
Thank You to all U.S.
Armed Forces Veterans!
My teacher is crazy, she took me out of the room :
I know?!
Right?!
Welp..
I Guess she was in that YOLO Moment ...
I might get a few things, but I'm bummed because my friend lost my green fresh glasses :
Thank you Samuel!!
RT : happy mothers day !
ZO Skin Health
I think Red Sox PR will ask Wake to throw out the first pitch on Opening Day..That will be pretty special..
Ladies Entry just 5 ALL NIGHT LONG!
EVERY WEDNESDAY!
Also, CHRISTMAS PARTY TONIGHT!!
i should really do my homework...
lol thats what advisory is for.
you two gossiping about me while I sleep?!
lol it's true though, we're kinda disgustingly adorable haha :
I put it on pretty much everything!
Im goin to bed..
Goodnight little monsters!
Love all you bitches!!
Especially you /blondesouthgaga and you :
is anyone archiving all the hotel window images for mw2012?
:P
Anything we can help with?
Thank you all the way from California!
Alright where do you stand on this Alicia Silverstone birdstyle feeding?
There must be some sort of reasoning behind it right!?
Fyi, I dont post to get ur goat, I post the truth!
Tracked doctorms yesterday in studio A.
Can't wait to retrack guitar and bass for this song.
Our eCourse site is down.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Hope it will be back up around 6 pm ET.
Anything seems 2 be evil  a sin these days, pretty soon simply breathing will be too, we might as well wear blinders  stare  the wall...
Just got my first coupons from how sweet is that!
Can't wait till the next event so I can meet everyone.
I love when a episode of BGC is on, thats when he tweets the most 
WAIT.
What happens if he poos on the court?
Besides getting made fun of for all eternity?
well you should thank !
cheers
Did you have a baby and not tell me?
my name is Tori Stomach, hear me growl haha she's so funny!
Love you girl!:
Happy New Year!!!
angksndb I hope so!
COME AT ME LIFE
Just saw a guy walking a dog down Hollywood Boulevard.
The dog was wearing sunglasses.
Chef Robuchon will be in Las Vegas April 10th17th.
my people will talk to your people
finishing up some phonology, researching library and information science grad schools, then a three day weekend!
Well, yes.
Cutbacks, downsizing and RIFs.
thanks for following.
I hope I offer interesting chatter.
I tweet on a couple other burner tweets.
I get involed with cool stuff
Sure, I'd love to move to Wisconsin for a short term contract, even though I told you I'm not currently in the market.
did you see the preview....
Yup, our email manager got a new job so I have email duty until we hire a new person.
Yikes!
I hate when I see people I know but they act like they don't know youforget you then bitch'
Falling in love with my new Tom's D
There are four basic food groups: milk chocolate, dark chocolate, white chocolate, and chocolate truffles!!
Firehook Bakery!!!
Anyone interested in garnering HRCI credits for recertification?
And by the time Dekker and Koenig are done, it might be time to retire anyway.
Looking for an attorney who deals with workplace discrimination for a gay man who is being harassed at work in CA  any tips?
I get to work with again today!
There's so much to be thankful for  have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
I can't make you love me but if i could things would be a lot easier..
Working on some generative music.
Hooray for PureData!
and get a iPhone bihhh lol
Sounds like you've been having great luck with writers the past few days!
Congrats!
RT: : And this time, I'm 99.999999999999999999999999 sure.lol good job
YES!
ALMOST TIME FOR BoyzHitABDCagain!
IMA FREAK.
I CAN'T WAIT!
I'LL BE SCREAM :D I regret Nada
He said things to me who were not really nice
Matt Garza is about the only person in the world who thinks that was a good throw by Sean Rodoctorguez.
Np The Weeknd  High For This
EV of the Future: Partnership Including BMW, Daimler Brings Forth Project Visio.M  Automobile Magazine
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the Lord, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.
I've seen Cory's ass.
YUCK.
just watched last ep of the current season!
:
ThingsOnMyMind deciding what tap I will teach in a few hours...my Tightrope choreography?
53?
My Paddle warmup?
Decisions, decisions...
I wish it were warm enough to take a long run by the lake.
Diamondbacks, Rays, Blue Jackets, Wild, Bobcats, Texans.
I had it for, like, 3 or 4 months on and off.
Then it went away for a month.
Now it's back!
:
My apologies.
Thanks for the follow Keep up the noble and creative work you do to help the nonprofessort sector.
We need more people like you.
Absolutely!
Would love to talk anytime.
Hope all is wonderful with you, Jake  Sir Celluloid.
It's better to have found out now rather than later.
Good riddance!
You don't need so called friends like that in your life.XO
POTUS got more bounce in California than all y'all combined, he got more bounce in California
knock knock.
Who's there?
The end of school.
ah Our src starts on 5/21 and there is too much to do!
thanks Love
Welcome to campus the Community College administrators  faculty who are participating in the Merrick School's partnership luncheon today.
If you tell me you hunt in casual conversation, we are done talking.
Comes a time in a writer's life that he or she will not want to write anymore.
This may be at the of highest acclaim.
That is Art.
In high school and part of college, I wore a China bob with bangs.
I murdered the wrapmy relaxed hair fell perfectly.
I miss it.
Thanks for the Follow and Happy Friday
Jesse, you should go on uncensored radio show..
Alex knows him, they worked together before
Rookies take note!
RT Nothing can sabotage winning,except for the fear of losing.
Success usually lies just beyond failure.
thats what im saying it for i was jus givin out ideas its up to him ..
and im sure the hennesey wont be a problem lol 
that area so it's perfect.
When I went to corner social like 2 weeks ago they had no specials.
I wonder if it's the same.
THX
can't wait to have you both there!
RT : congrats to who's heading to awards a week from today!
sometimes working with producers, especially ones in high demand, can be a pain in the but!
asdfghjkl; i got my second pottermore email.
i want my account activated soon :D
Dimm All TheLights Call Me Oprah
Dirk was on his Charlie Sheen in the playoffs he deserves it
Ok guys I don't have cable so u have to tell me wat mb has to tell us
I can't even see anyone when hes with me he says hes so in love hes finally got it right I wonder if he knows hes all I think about at night
Offer and contest updates!
Ready?
If you love someone more then anything, then distance only matters to the mind, not to the heart.
tell me more about it when the time comes!!
Is it twu wut they say
Just curious, but why aren't there more porn stars in these birth control commercials?
RT : over last wk I've sd are u going to be the gasoline or the water  I can count.
cc
she was the reason i was 6 yrs old rockin some jordans.
i just hope she know that i love her, the worlds best mother
Six mins left to win a Signed Carlos Guillen Poster from Answer: Which Sponsor does everything REAL BIG?
this subtweet is for one of my followers who can get it.
okay actually no its not lol just thirst
Lets Ride...
House of bagels in da mornin
tacac12 i guess its
I'm taking I'll have another to win today!
Great show today in PA for a great cause!
Spread the word  follow these wonderful bands:
AWESOME ya'll goin to the game tomorrow :P
Check out the photo from Shred Day!
And thank you for a wonderful event  great consumer response!
Ruby on Rails Pro, we have opening in the Pacific NW 3000 Reward!
Resume or referrals
Buckenham, Lewis, Sears all heavily influenced by Omsted.
I think next weekend hopefully :
Does anybody know of a Dell laptop repair shop in the Dallas/Fort Worth area?
Hmm...
kinda like Erin or Whitney from MTV The City.
Shout out to all our soldiers!
Pour out a little for all the ones that passed.
Happy Veterans Day
he probably has all the std's that a human can possibly get.
sorrynotsorry ;
that's always been the objective.
Men are conqourers, that's what we do.
We just happen to fall, but if everything is easy...
REMINDER: Tune into on CSPAN Sat, May 12 from 9:1510am ET for Cram for the Exama review of the 2012 AP Government Exam
Fuck me good Fuck me long Fuck me numb.
Reds lose.
Will try to salvage one game of this series tomorrow afternoon.
Angel Bain!
I already miss him and the others.
Refs deserve to be called for games like this.
The Bulls are getting manhandled on the perimeter and hacked in the paint.
I just Key Lime Pie'd my pants.
Lmao at dude with the beard
stop flirting
Sadly no.Didn't get done till late last nite  took crew out for a thank you doctornk.
Today I never got in.
Wife's flite plans awry
.give it to me baby, nice  slow 3
.
compares tumblr and Pinterestone is creative, the other is curation based.
thanks dude!
Word of mouth means so much, plus !
Made my day.
Got notice this week that I was accepted into the program.
I am really looking forward to this work!
check out our band!
our link to our facebook with one of our songs is in the bio.
please try to get the word out and RT.
thank you 3
.
It came after I asked about his reaction to the audit on Richie Farmer.
Oddly, it was a state audit not paperdoctorven.
Larry Merchant talks in slow motion and it doctorves me crazy!!!
: i will be getting into EVERYTHING!
I can't fucking wait to graduate and move outta my bitch ass aunts house!
:O she makes me so pissed!!!!!!!!!
.
Hey, I never met you....
And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter...
So follow her maybe?
;  8
laundoctorlaundoctorlaundoctor!
i swear my dad has twice as many clothes as i do.
aww thanks I miss talking to u too!!
And totally!!!
RT : You'll be surprised to know how far you can go from the point where you thought it was the end.
congrats to for winning the nfl doctorft contest.
U just won a autograph
How doctornk would you have to be to hit on 20?
Hunger games...wow.
Doesn't disappoint at all
Does anyone get colder quicker then Nick Swisher???
Had fun talking in moronic circles w and some chick may have actually killed some of my brain cells.
if you aren't busy tonight...we are going to Hamburger Mary's Bingo at 800pm for
RT Be thankful for what you have!!
At Friendly Toast in Portsmouthblast from the past.
thank you so much it means the world to me
ladies...who are the hottest guys in Boston?
I did some research.
I'm trying to improve my overall health so I'm changing a lot.
So far, 90 of my students think the main difference between MLA and APA is that APA is for business.
Okay...
Starting my fourth course of antibiotics in 3 months.
Ugh.
: love the TUT emails.
I will have to check out the Daily Love.
Hey Musicians Join www.SmartGuy.com It's FREE to sign up let Jordan know we sent you.
Also, Sabrina regularly plays Settlers w/ the Beard Club.
I mean SciFi Club.
Photo shoot in San Diego Sunday.
Rain is threatening to put a damper on our weekend yet again.
:
: Spiritual growth comes from challenging experiences...
only way to build spiritual endurance.
Heaven will surely be worth it all 3
No school for me today
Lots going on in LR land.
Good stuff coming...
Push back!
Just sent the info about LoCoteStreet...hopefully the SWwire is in our near future
That's a good fortune.
I am planning already to go next Easter or even for a week over the Christmas holiday.
Had such a good time this time.
New Blues changes are kicking me around today.
Thanks, Bird.
Isn't it fun to flout the GPS' advice, though?
Or am I the only one who likes arguing with a computer voice?
Everyone if you have a facebook GO LIKE Austin Mahone and Alex Constancio, We love you 
: but shit I'm bored, I'm tired of always geting out, people need to come visit me 2 weeks sis
love hittin the gym before work!
just spent like 40 on underwear 
Congrats on the won trusty
i wished i could have my cake and eat it too 
Nope sure isn't!
Thanks for tweeting!
If you every need information on for articles let me know!
Hey sxsw snap pictures of traffic backups  tweet them with the atxin2025 tag, to show people what everyday will be like in 15 years
Unrealistic?
That was intentional.
Insufferable?
That was not.
thanks!
keep blasting away!
RIP Whitney Houston.
Her voice was one of the greatest in the world.
Sing with the angels Whitney!
1 think I hate is when females doctorw they eyebrows on.
Some of y'all ain't artistic so stop it.
Shawty lookin real surprised and shit lol
Not reported by media: Thursday Geitner testified Obamacare will INCREASE BOTH shortterm and LONGTERM DEBT.
A huge admission vs.
Obamacare.
Katy freaking Perry.
Goddess.
''I was once called my boss a jive turkey sucka....I was fired immediately''
you're so cute 3
Can you freeze cooked meat that was previously frozen raw?
Thanks, if you post a tweet to a job listing   us in it so we see it, we'll RT it for you!
Good luck!
You deserve it!
:
putting on jeans and slippers has never felt better.
I don't think today's a good day for anyone...
Find out if your relative has longterm care insurance with inhome benefits.
Request forms and documents to claim caregiver benefits.
RT Want to win tickets to 's Coppelia?
We'll be giving away a pair of tickets tonight during The Bachelorette
Can't wait to get YL Austin to Africa RT : Excited to hear from today to see what God has in store for me this summer
Our offices will be closed 12/24  1/1.
We will reopen at 8:30am on January 2nd.
Have a happy holiday and wonderful New Year!
should've seen it coming
So small Texas tour with , and Sing me to sleep!
: in july I think yes!
With playing in Dallas with us!
:
Thelma ...
beguile the tedium of the journey
YES!!!!!!
TheOffice is Officially back for a Fall 201213 season!!!
Praise Jesus!
hey girl How have u been
AlJazeera says 6 journalists held in Egypt
Serving as Bankruptcy Trustee in Kevin Carney estate  if you know any victims, contact me:
Who's it gonna be?
oh me oh my clippers and chargers!
Exhausted.
Going to relax w/July w/MillaJ on the cover.
Luv her!
FYI: buy wedding edition  get 1year subscr
Found that downloading a new NortonAntivus program myself was hard, but got very good  patient online support!
Can't wait to check out the showroom this evening and get some sweet new working man pants.
Rahon gets the second half started with a 3!
Getting started with Health Law 2.0 at health2con.
Ft notes that startups don't always understand the rules/regs.
Cheack out my Poetry Novel out at these sites The Book of Poems of That Treaveler at Amazon.com Barns and Noble.com and Borders.com
dont move!
im leaving DC right now cu asap
yeah i can get that around the corner ;
Love whenever the calendar reads Friday 13.
I was born on a Friday the 13th
I completely agree.
I hope companies will delivery these even though it means selling fewer replacement bulbs.
innovate!
Pretty sure I just ate that pizza, and didn't even realize it 'till it was gone.
Zach.
that's debatable...
the ability to observe lowlevel detail made Wireworld's Solstice 6 a firm favorite..
a hires cable for hiresolution system.
HiFi News
So true!
RT : MTV should just change the name to RTV cuz they don't play music no more
Goooooodmorning Nation and all over the world
your just THAT amazing i guess:
That one felt good
Matt Kinman will join the roster for the semester and play his first returning game tonight.
Look for some bombs on the power play.
Happy Mother's Day to all the Latism mamas, you are all close to my heart.
3
why thank you :
I shudder to think what it will do to search.
but no u cant not walk to thrd period by ursellf guys u were just so adorable together lol3
Everyone please follow the very talented
One would always want to think of oneself as being on the side of love, ready to recognize it and wish it well but, when confronted with
hey I posted your video the other day.
If you go on YouTube search KickbackSundays 4.29.12.
It was dope!!!
blustery day here in Northeast Ohio!
show me its real lol
can I get a follow back?
I effing love the shizzzz out of your bio.
:  can you post the video of JB and the beliebers plz?
Brooklyn Heights.
Strollertown.
I miss my game boy
dude you missed it the school caught on fire
You're only one workout away from a good mood!
thank Lisa!
Hope you can keep on avoiding getting tased!
My bedoctorom light is on, I'm in bed and don't plan on getting up.
Guess who's sleeping with the lights on?
me too!
waking up next to the ocean, shopping downtown, family time, eating good fried food, yum!
:
you're too funny
we can tomorrow after four if you want
He's Gay!
MyStrangeAddiction lmao at the dads questions!
Does this turn you on?....yes straight face
waking up to this band always makes my day better
looking forward to visit to the Lit and New Media group today!
I just followed

Tough Love.
I know but still
ImMadBecause all of these test first ELA then the Math test then all of these finals
DUH Yes:
You are precious to me.
RT : still humming and strutting that sick bassline...
Just filmed at the press conference..12 churches reopening..
Texas Longhorns 9/16  Oval Longhorn  Pendant  Sterling Silver Jewelry
great job on the film buddy...
It was funny I loved when you walk in the church with in attitude and ur looks gudjob
thank you jas :
marketing promotion etc you
The first thing I noticed in Raleigh was the smell of fresh grass.
Can't wait for that scent to arrive in Boston.
Just used Square to help raise 1800 for survivorjoe.com.
Very impressive product!
May the fourth be with you as you finish finals  papers.
: I love the Penguins on Frozen Earth me too
What, does the expriest who's guilty of plotting death of sex abuse accuser think it's OK as long as he goes to confession?
Huge shoutoutout to And she gets a shoutout because she followed
Just in: Sports energy in U.S.
shifts from west to east: Rollerball on Netflix.
Next up: Newt in Florida.
pdx I'm ready for
Are you enjoying your Summer, oakies?
I fell asleep at 7pm and woke up at 1am.
Now I'm wide awake at 3:30.
This sucks.
What is there to do this early?
Dude, McDonalds is not food.
Ew powdered meat.
Oh, oh....My Liberal Bullshit Detector senses Liberals in my timeline!
WTH?
If you can't convince them, confuse them.
im not crazy i just didnt take my pills in a while ;' jkss
motivation..Speaker with Cerebral Palsy traveling, Speaking all around...
doctorGloria tells moving story about Smith Construction and the origin of the ARC.
ideas2action fog creek guys who make trello: what if you made your roadmap public?
Seattle, baby, time to let a little sun in before one of us says something that they'll regret.
is tangled up in blue.
Yes, yes it is.
Can't wait for that flick.
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end.
Go Blackhawks.
Beat those coyotes tonight.
Need something new to listen to.
What is the best album released so far this year?
Working it out at gym on nemo!
awesome video i just got done watching it before i saw ur tweet lol :
Never trust anything that bleeds for a week str8 and doesn't die..
after all this time?
always.
I'm pretty sure we're going to PHX.
MyThoughtsDuringShowers What if the bar of soap has a Jeanie in it and while you were gettin' your lather on, some Aladdin shit happened...
STRIP CLUBBIN IT
How can someone be featured in your Magazine?
Made you ANOTHER new fan today.
I'm building you an Army in Indiana.;
I've always been an outsider
Downtown ChiTown w/ da skyline  Epic...Martinis :
New Tees coming soon.
Stay tuned...
i feel like eating and eating right now i am going be fatter !
this chick just went upstairs to have a 3way with her sister and some dude.
All girls are beautiful :
: Hating on others does not heal build you up or excuse being lame..
You need JESUS!
ok..
as I read about the google hangout masks last week, I thought, how stupid.
Now that I have a reason to use them..
funny!
for like 25 seconds and the flavor is gone
Mixed messaging.
: Inbox: '100,000 Endangered Species Condoms to Be Given Away for Earth Day'
oh okay lol
Three technologies that will increase in importance in our teaching: mobile devices, augmented reality, and gaming.
it's not usually an issue, but it keeps crashing when I try to move a page around.
Need to upgrade?
Ha.
can you send me a link i cant find it
NYGiftShow booth 7222 come see us and sample some delicious cookies flown in from Savannah!
i love my clients!!
feeling very blessed.
hahahaha you know it bro.
Bernard, FOX 9 will provide you the opportunity to talk directly to Rep.
Kriesel tonight.
BestPerformanceEver is trending, you know what to do
No...
I think it may be wifi, because it is pretty horrible for me as well.
Like it takes 20 minutes for me to CONNECT!
not because my animals are not sweet
lol your cool.I like you!
I know someone who knows someone who can probably make that happen...
bored as fuck
At any point during his trip did Looney roll luggage with wheels through the airport?
100 block of W 2nd in Aberdeen.
It's the huge 100 year old white house.
youknowyoubroke when you gotta get the extra 7 cent from a mcdonalds employee when you order off da dollar menu
CANNOT WAIT!!!!!
RT Episode 2 tonight
I'm pretty sure...
But just in case text me
yankeeincanada: 5 RT: : A quest 4 NOLA sla2010 attendees, particularly What is the price of a Kamikaze at ...
i like when it rains up
ya dummy!
i'm gonna be doctorgging myself to school today.
that hoe stupid
Interesting comment on Warner rebooting Batman after THE DARK KNIGHT RISES.
What about Wonder Woman?
What about DC's bench?
S/o two my newest follower
I face timed you too!
: u aint call me hun I changed my number
Watching theoffice 3 it's just great.
Kudos Gamma chapter , winner of the Outstanding Chapter Management Award at !
haha thanks Elfie!
That's the goal...
It will be many years in the works tho :s.
Your living in Singapore right?
How's that going?
It's totally normal to have 75 or so different things of nailp polish...
Right?
:
Their is a few kids I would LOVE to send to the Hunger Games.
I'mviolent
If Pac comes out alive right now for California Love, that's really gonna ruin the surprise for Week 2.
And that's why I'll never go on a cruise.
Have to give a shout out to RSVP of Central Oklahoma!
We had an amazing group of volunteers in the office yesterday.
Thank you!!!
you're watching this too?
The dominatrix right?
Thank you for the retweets
www.StockMarketTheGame.com fun education gift for fiscal fitness, learn investing with the family....customized with logo if you want.
It's 5.00 Monday!
All films are only a fiver!
: Do not try this at home Dude, we have to do this!
Thanks you SteveJobs for all that you have contributed to this world.Your work and influence has inspired more people than u can imagine.
Ya know I even avoided watching the beginning of the Sabres game bc usually when I pop in late they have a lead.
Balls.
I wanna be home with a glass of vino  my book...the one I wrote  one last read before off to the editor.
you and dean are too good for her :
totally sweet.
is that the big news or is there more coming?
Allen West trashes WHCD.
It should also be noted that he complained vociferously about his filet mignon and demaded a 2nd serving of flan.
TRUEST STATEMENT OF THE DAY
I was in Hamen for the day : ...
next time lunch and chats!
Looks like I'm stranded up north.
not buying a bedoctorom floor rug, are you?
: So good to see you today.
We are blessed to have such an amazing group of camp kids.
Wishing you the best in your recovery.
Hoping you have respite from those who would bring you down.
Take this this time for you.
At son's Little League game, behind us La Follette leads Verona 41 in baseball at Stampfl
service for Mug tonight another testament to why Parkrose community is so special.
Just sayin!
LIstening to some Oh Land:
Thanks for keeping up with this info!!
haha how are u?
Everyone changes.
You can't expect someone to stay the same forever.
You can't grow that way.
I think with the emergence of reality TV, u have a great idea.
Let me know if I can help
and Ill be there to cover that one !
Congrats!
You sounded great,...
I'm pulling for you
We can, but wondering if that's only what this is about RT Are we sure we CAN'T raise 400k to send band?
Come on guys, let's get ArianaDidAmazing trending!!
Something I saw..
a multibillion dollar oil company, through a filing error, appoints an infant as chairman.
call it Baby on Board.
Why is Monday so far away from Friday but Friday so close to Monday?
We've arrived in the Philippines today with the Planet Water Foundation team.
Looking forward to two great projects here!
All Them Albums In My Picture I'LL Fuck A Bitch 2 Yep Even .ItsProblemsHoe .HoeGoHam .
Congrats AAF Fort Worth, D10 Small club of the year!
this would happen to me haha
Glad somebody is happy!!
I need cheering up
great avi dude
Girls in size 0 pants 
remember when trey tossed his breakfast at me after I farted in his face
Augustus and the Holiday is just a perfect song.
Anyone is welcome to cheer me up!
Even, Steven.
I can't view it.
the page say i do not have permission to view doctorfts.
where you at?
Thinking of everything I have to do overwhelms me, but I can do the ONE thing I HAVE to do, I will progress.
A.D.D.
is a terrible thing to waste on a job.
coldplay helps everything
Chris Brown 3
But I did turn in my 1st doctorft of my Friendships Don't Just Happen!
book manuscript before I flew out of town!
Woohoo!!!
Twitter's having some weird font weight issues on Chrome...
I love 's tweets they're so amazing 3 ah i'm in love with them 3
Thanks for the props, FedScoopers!
:
SSP scores an empty net goal with 32.9 seconds remaining to go up 42 against Warroad.
What kind of sick and cruel method do they use to assure that Baby Shampoo is safe for a baby's eyes?
Dear girls, Incase you didn't know ...
Your boobs go INSIDE your shirt.
Sincerely , the girl who's tired of seeing that!
oh no are you not feeling well ?
Boring ass day n everybody have attitudes
Seriously clippers?!
DO NOT LET THE LAKERS DO THIS!
Oh wait, not the Lakers...
KOBE.
PeopleILoveTheMost my parents, without them I would be a total different person.
I wonder what my girlfriend is gonna get me for valentines day?!?!:3
Baby please don't go
cause I'm not prettier than you..
you live far tho suxs ...
grrr i know its tough
indeed, you were missed!
Today the Pink Hats get to say how cute it is that there favorite players are using Pink Bats.
OMG, qwqwfc Salty is so djdnjd .
I'm crying
They did, that's Andoctoras
lmao I couldn't but might be better suited to race you in her new mustang convertible ...she might win tho lol
likes to touch other people's butts!.; lol
Awesome family weekendexhausted Monday morning.
I wish that I could blow off work today and have a day to myself.
But alas, too much to do!
Not jealous of the dentist that has to work in that mouth A..
:D
Is there a way to see the event schedule without registering?
Happy Birthday : its my birthday to  we are both Jessie .
how neat ?!?
we are!?
Where?
30 Minutes to Mars
REALLY?!?
i just wrote a 4 page paper for you and you're gonna cancel class!!!?
grrrrr
Play is the exultation of the possible.
Martin Buber
what u know about reversing thru the doctorve thru cuz only the passenger side window rolls down?
love mister right cant wate to see you go on so random
don't worry  I have a few more blackberry jokes in my playbook
This is stupid.
The pit performance during Muse.
it was cool
Dear morning shifts, I hate you.
Dear customers wanting to buy show tickets at 7AM, I dislike you.
Bodies make the world go round
Great talent is undeniable mister Green...
LOVE your new project!!!
So raw and honest.
On the bus.
Watching Back To The Future.
Listening to Panic!
At The Disco.
And its rainy.
Gonna be a good ride.
For a baby, a year is like half your life.
For an old person, it's under 2 of your life.
Time speeds up in every mortal's perspective
Please welcome YoungFreak1 to the Max life
I just had a tremendously wonderful walk with female rotti.
She apparently knows heel.
:
If the Watchmen 2 movie is anything like Watchmen 1, it's gonna be two and a half hours
Does anyone know why the Geneva isn't open 24 hours?
far, FAR too long.
Tall Females'
RT : Writers: Check out the tiny truths contest.
Creative nonfiction told in 140 characters with hash
FROM AWESOME.
yeah that's true I have 3 brothers and I see 2 often but I only see the other 1 once in a long while so I know how u feel
: where do I get tix?
well jus found out tht gatorade damage your kidneys.
the commercials lied.
inbox 4 more information.
you need to let me copy your map;
You let the best girl you could ever be with go .
What a shame.
im screwed..
i forgot to bring my homework.
ffmmmmlllllll.
To all my followers in the medical field: I'm going through evaluating the pros and cons of MD vs.
PAC.
Any advice / insight for me?
OH MAN that kids covered in Down Syndoctorme.
Where is the corn?
Cracker Barrel
so bummed!
One can never REALLY succeed without the help of others.
Yea I am bro
DONT FORGET APRIL 3RD WILL BE PRESENTING THAT TATTOOMUSIC AT HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE ...
GET YOUR TICKETS FROM
i swear hes so lazy 
if only they could cross Heather w/Anika Noni and throw in some Angela Bassett turmoil.
Bless my gay heart!
U welcome
it's seriously on RIGHT NOW on NBC!
Bored as hell, stuck: 
Ugh!
I have one of those...and it's a dynasty 
RT RT  Get 5 eyebrow threading for firsttime clients at Yuva Threading Salon in ATS!
Where I am it's 8:41.
Finished takin my cute photos pics, they came out pretty good, practicetime!
We're always looking for female masseuse who are interested in a parttime/oncall job.
bitch first of all dont get mad wit me wit ur fat ass
Tomba has been putting out some jams lately.
Thanks!
Did you make it to the show?
Bloody Mary anyone?
Shannon just finished a fresh batch of our famous mix come check it out!
Thank You Hun!!
:
intellectual stimulating conversation
Block: today has renewed meaning as another of world's madman came to justice for his evil.
new Zealand, Australia and the USA!
You're a freakin pimp with the name Hugo
Cherish every moment in your life, joyous, medioctre or painful.
Life is a true blessing, so be grateful for all you have not what you dont.
and are officially on Spring Break!
Enjoy, and we'll see you back April 10!
Im doing good beautiful babydoll!
Getting ready to go to my best friend's house to hang out tonight
This week is going to be so long
I thought Tweetdeck was fixed but it keeps crashing on me.
Lame.
Trying Plume but timezone seems borked.
I'm not west coast.
PPI is so bogus.
If prices aren't being passed on to consumers why is milk, coffee, cheese 30 more expensive than a couple of years ago?
Well I have to go sleep.
Please follow me?I know you see this3
My bro called off work so he could see my talent show performance on Friday!
Gotta kill the stay like an elbow from World Peace
I follow your moves all week on twitter
anything but my tweets.
Hahaha!!
Don't compare your life to others.
You have no idea what their journey is all about.
If reporters are going use twitter for work then they shouldn't for personal rants.
PickUpLine: Do you have room in your life for another friend?
alright gotcha royalty
New Online Degree in Computer Science Amplifies Career Opportunities in Numerous Fields
ha!
That's awesome!
I guess I joined a new club :
Yes I just landed a placement on nbc television show parks and rec.
However, I would most def.
Like to expand.
I have many placeable ins ...
Little leak in the roof made worse by torrential storm!
All is good now!
; 
Real loyalty is remaining loyal when I'm not around.
Invent time travel RT Is there anything the Phins can do today that will be praised by the fanbase?
so exciting.
Ha!
My sister and I went on a Neil Sedaka kick, thanks to a friend of our mom's.
:
I'm on a paper chase Yee Yee
It was a great few days for Watson...his love of the game, athleticism and brains, amaze me.
I am sorry he didn't make it.
Haha, you know I had to mess with you.
Happy Tuesday!
Hope it's a great day for all :
Online teaching shows new ways to teach facetoface.
me sorry :
Fn a, this is gonna get good!
Good thing I have a keg!!
did you ever see the original release of HxH?
school tommorow.
gotts to wake up at 5 to get readdy.
WAH.
bright side is CALI on friday :
Help us end H1N1, we need CMA's with experience giving FLU SHOTS.
Email resume to .
let's go with 6 just to be safe.

I agree, Shannon!
Great app!
So confused on what's going on on my timeline right now
RT : If you got something to say bout somebody,  them.
Happy Good Friday!
Done with court, ticket gone, now..
Alabama best watch out!!!
nd I bout to tear it upp!
and meet Robbie of course!
Love recognizes no barriers.
It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at it destination full of hope.
Maya Angelou
friends suck
So who is the greatest country legend of all time?
Imagine You: Austin, can you describe me in one word?
Austin: MINE 3
its not the same when ur not on gdc
Dear 1,516 Big Fat Cupcake followers.
I have a cupcake emergency!!
I can't follow anyone else because I need more followers!!
Help!
te Logan thing
I don't even know what to tweet about right now.
I know ya were, but I love my office.
thanks so much for all your support!!!
soo appreciated!
love you!
xo
I'm not even kiding .
I'm running across the street right now .
It's a ugly dog anyways
working on an imprinted mini stapler project.
Thanks Sara!
Day two!
happy birthday!
:0i was about to buy it for u!did u start reading yet?
Baugher's in Westminster.
For reals.
needs to be put back the way it was.The People Rule
Short stories.
No books, bro, or I would have sent them already.
You know I'm your tireless advocate.
Mwah!
try conscientious objection.
Say gym class is against your moral and ethical beliefs.
thank you good sir
i'm not interested ok
would u post some material on your site if I sent it to u and its hot?
Before I die, I want to go back to Galway and knacker doctornk a bottle of Bucky, smashing it on the sidewalk in grand Galwegian tradition.
bednarz Speak your own conclusion, own the material.
Jodi, give me back my glasses and tutu!
Thank you for the RT!
Just been a victim of a hit and run.
Seriously, how can anyone do that?
Destroy someone else's property  just run off?
Working!!!!
That's it.
Where have you been?
I have some new software I wanna try on your site.
You still in Houston.
Create your bracket for the 67game Mens College Basketball tournament better known as March Madness.
I wanna be the last number you call late at night, I wanna be the first one that you dial when you open your eyes 
My stomach be growling loud as fuck right now.
I wanna go home :
Coupe be stupid low, I be stupid high.
My iPod I'd dying 
Da woman u love.
Till is yelling 
how u doin?
U alright
yeah I still got it, you got mine?
You better roll up to bscc this summer a lot, we such a great staff working there..
haha
that's my plan.
But I'll need to actually remember to transfer the files!
listen to Margot  the Nuclear So So's, Broadoctorpple is Burning.
New fav.
What about Harry, Zayn, Louis, and Liam?
Maria
Yay!
Finally done with work.
Headin home then Beast Mode Round 2!
Powwww!
Did you just think that out load?
So I don't usually ask people this but...
will you please marry me??
3
Couldn't sleep for nothing...
work at 630.
School afterward gotta test...
omg God be with me...
cool thanks.
the wedding invites are starting to pile up for the next year...i'm gonna be one broke girl
WhyILoveYou because you take my breath away.
I'll never forget the small people lol and wow a baby?!
That's no big deal lol.
Fantasy baseball might not be one of my talents.
Ouch.
This time they tweeted complexity of life
Louis, I need your help.....
It is all sousaphone.
Retro clothingor clothing your parents preserved from their youthis worth its weight in costume gold!
I guess
Nationwide is on your side!
Don't give any more of an ego than he already has.
joining in with a 1 vote for evernote support!
Hey rumor has it Pge gave 6k direct to ccdc for run Ed run staffers
I want a girl whos real, and doesn't hide behind that bulllshit
What a great day :
your insane!
Off to an audition.
I hope this Woodland scented body spray will mask my desperation!
Follow homie and help him become popular!
Hahaha!
congrats on the kindle fire prelooad!
Baby you take me up
Swallow your pride Down , Down ..
RTsvp RT : Survey: What are the best book trailers out there?
Please retweet  use hashtag booktrailers  for
ahaha lol boy bands have been an old thing since the 60s, and brits coming to america started then
butterflys in my stomach for this performance but i no once we hit tht stage its goin to be live and hes goin to be in the crown:DTamya:P
To clarify: The new 52 version of Stormwatch has thus far been about the queer courtship of Apollo  Midnighter w/ some monstersexposition
Dennis the menace One of the best movies ever.
DENNIS!
I think unjust might watch it again.
: 
Eminem said and i quote, you can do anything if you set your mind to it
bands music FF Support the music you love!
God must calling cuz my leg wont stop vibrating..
lol
that is the most eeevel laugh I heard today Tammy...settle down
Black album on blast
OMFG.
Speechless!
im so jelly!!
Ugh I hate you so much!;
How is everybody day
Milwaukee?
RT Chicago Code starts tonight.
I will watch because it's filmed in the greatest city in the world.
Nothing quite like waking up to the peaceful pitter patter of rain.
Quite a cleansing meditation.
It has eluded us for far too long...
I wish delivered.
Just realized how little I know about asian history .....and the final is tomorrow.
My love of naps has fucked me again
That would be an awesome bowl game.
Play until one team cries uncle
Oops?
I don't think so..
but I'll try again tomorrow.
Done brewing the porter!
Cleaning up and ready to BBQ!
Come on by!
1742 n Rockwell.
who can jerk and dougie ;
Time to turn the tv off for a week...unless you wanna hear bout Tebow 24/7
Can you DC us out of your office window?
Better Farragut here quick, cant wait to see what we have in al pastor for you.
Part work.
Part minivaca.
I'll actually be in Boulder.
pray for me bro
lol, what subject was it?
Happy Thanksgiving Cincy Turkeybowl guys.
Please tweet any injury or hangover stories.
Or, what did last night.
what the hell are you on twitter for and what the hell is up with your name!
I'm kickin your ass and tellin your mom
I know, right?
Where's the suspense?
btw, why must we say if I were instead of If I was?
study hall with jacey..
damn I need to catch up

looking forward to it!!
: if you say so c:
TheAwkwardMoment When you Jave This One Little Hair Come Done To Your Face And It Tickles You I Hate That..!
Our keynote is well under way!
Thanks and
oh yeah I forgot about Mexico!!!
Yeah ill fly!!
Lol
If you need a bed bug cover, let me know.
I have a friend who can hook you up!
The video you had of loading that car into the museum was one of my favorite install videos ever.
It all comes from having an amazing business partner who rocks at the stuff I am no good at!
Thank you for following Inner Gate Acupuncture!
Woohoo....paint fumes are making everthing look fuzzy:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Cool piece on LIKE WATER FOR CHOCOLATEBanned in Arizona!
Thank you!
TUT FACT: Canopic jars held organs of Tut that were essential for the afterlife.
See this  other artifacts  The Childoctorn's Museum of Indy!
Latin Men my weakness ;
You welcome, enjoy it my nigga RT : thanks big bra bra
I love pasta so much
What a fucking play!
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play.
Heraclitus
A very Gaga Thanksgiving!?
Wow, that's happening, right now.
miami teams are always 2nd teams.
Van Halen  the Excel Energy Center in May.
safe home.
See you in NYC
Justin Biebers 'One Time' will always be the cutest effing song ever 3
Of course I wear eye makeup when I go to the library!
We know more about war than we know about peace, more about killing than we know about living.
Omar N.
Bradley
Going back to canvassing with my team.
Its breaking my heart talking to some people tonight
RT : Good morning!
How 'bout our Reds again and !
rolls eyes
Caught 3 cat fish today
If you're a milliondollar playboy willing to bankroll me following the Afghan Whigs around all summer, plz call.
Your silence is annoying.
To finish the point from : knowledge org.
is sthing humanists do all the time.
Need help understanding practical applications
Sick take a pic : RT : I bought a shirt at Bamboozle, and convinced my friend to get one too.
c:
Running away NOW!
Lol
i strongly agree.
hm...I don't like bugs, cold weather, and getting up early :
time for Mac n cheese!
I know about Record Store Day  but what is early am line up for?
cc
Game over man, Game over!
We're all gonna die!
You can Design your own tee shirt online.
It is really very easy and simple method.
haha lol its the worst I hate how ur umbrella fights with other peoples umbrella's when u pass them lol
plastic to sample, pint glass as souvenir.
see you there?
:
Omg I feel much better about the situation.
I thought the decision on the permit was finalized.
Turn up at Backspace Cafe, thursday night at 8:00pm to be part of a special campaign event.
Remember lets plant seeds of encouragement into each others lives.
Let's bring each other up not tear each other down!!
Not sure how I feel about today.
Sad that marriage equality is even still a debate.
Wow!
Sorta scary!
Check out Arlene Sachitano's booksshe has two series.
The quilt ones are my biggest seller.
Happy Birthday: What did you wish for?
3
Arizona bans funding to Planned Parenthood
I just got a long, awesome wrongnumber voicemail complaining in detail about something I didn't do to someone I don't know.
setting my sports alert preferences on fanu.mobi for this week's games
First day of my last semester done!!
This is also a great reason to use ebooks.
No one can tell if you're reading a low level book or not and they're cool!
It sure will be so we hope to see you at !
RT : it does look awesome and sure is much more fan friendly!
Today  Friday 13 sick report card  mad friends yep today was horrible but if thats what it takes to praise you then Jesus bring the rain.
Grateful to for referral to accompany Carla Gugino in Sebastian Gutierrez film, HOTEL NOIR.
Recording done, filming next week!
Blue skies and much awaited album doctorps.
Hope you're ready for Unpatterns, cause today's the day...
are you Tweeting?
Seriously?
LOL, fun to see you last night.
I was playing magic on xbla and i lost even though my health was at 54 and had cards on the table....why?
That's really true.
And I think it makes the tone of these asks all the more important.
Thanks  yep, 7 years ago.
So sad.
But thanks so much for your well wishes.
Tell your mom how much you love her :
Wait so ceelo isn't brad Pitt !!?!??
My life is a complete lie
Cadence Weapon more the B.K.
Vegan crowd's speed than Main Attraktionz.
Raps over Grimes beat, DJ looks like a Grizzly Bear member.
Signs u may be replaced as soccer coach: Face mysteriously photoshopped out of team picture.
If you don't pay attention to every little detail, you miss most of the jokes.
...which is good because I need to go back to my sister's and tackle some touchups now that it's been painted.
work cocktail party for customers
it's coming out on vinyl on Saturday!
Well, good morning, good afternoon, and good night!
: Alcohol: Because no good story starts with So this one time I was eating a salad......
:
Alightments too, but that isn't really tracked.
Bonus: basic demographics w/o personal info!
get ready for tonight!This will be the last MyPatio Sunday till next year!!
Congrats on the win!
You and Kemba doin things!
For a Friday night flick with suspense, lies, grand plots and strippers, rent Enron: The Smartest Guys In The Room.
Very interesting film!
you seduced us with that tweet :
: Flattery proceeds deception!
That is a good word Rev!
Sky Lounge Will Sexy Tropical Latin Passion Night TwoStory NightClub.
Party All Night with95.1 LATIN VIBE DJ WALDO DJ CESAR TERCERO!!
.
You're welcome!
We love Kopps custard and hope you guys do too!
Busy week so far.
Working on sound for my short film Rain Dance and getting in to producing mode for a feature film.
Readthrough this week.
I'm interested to learn more about ExxonMobile's
this dude MadDog just came in the studio and blew minds with a trumpet part on one of our tunes.
damn some guys are real pros.
Musical Theatre might be pretty cool after all...
:
Moms about to go to work who cumin to the crib?
Leaving twitter for a while.
Got my number changed.
Dear iNeedWrestling stalker, so glad to be of service to you once again...
don't even start thinking that way!
Step back, learn from it and move forward.
umm I think like 15 min by car
Packers Nick Perry LB USC!
We need HIM
everytime I try and follow u.
It says forbidden !
This tweet is misleading!
He FACES murder charges would be correct.
My thoughts and prayers go out to both families
because of your eye???
I wish conspiracy theories about progressives were true.
All the selfdescribed progressives I've met are just really into doctorm circles
I'm bored...
I'm never bored
My lady gonna have all The people yelling for her shirts.
So Cray!
STARGATE SGU returns tonight on SYFY for its final episodes...
i'm at a bar where you at
Ahoy, academic folks!
What is the right CC license for your research work, aside from institutional restrictions?
BYNCSA?
Grandma grows the best roses...
so beautiful 3
The stream ended.
Well work on getting the vids up on the RBstudio site real soon.
Where did you see that?!
ABBY.
ONLY ONE WEEK UNTIL ATS.
I don't know if I can handle this!
So.
Much.
Excitement!

I'm so glad I came up with JUNKYYYYYY
Council members just participated in an Ice breaker with other phenomenal youth!
wanna go watch some fights?
:
cant wait to meet her!
Good morning!
Clean Your Fridge Day!
Thank God for dirty dishes, they have a tale to tell; while others may go hungry, we're eating very well.Unknown
Facebook app is an iPhone memory hog
Less than ONE week til our EP Release show next Sunday, the 21st at the Triple Rock!!!
Come one, come all!
I am way into Lionel again as always.
He is the best voice coach on The Voice
love to discuss Symbaloo, let's skype next week mail for daytime my skype  klaas.lameijer.
Great!
We think a story in would be a great way to help increase awareness about the efforts to revive the
thanks for the follow!
Here's to working together to
Thanks Noise.
I'm finding LinkedIn to be more and more valuable as a communication channel all the time
Horse racing is the rich dudes version of dog fighting
Gotta update my bio on here.
I'm 16 now sheesh
whenitwascoolto to be in one of top 10 friends on MySpace....
Can't wait.
Excellent news!
Congrats and good luck!
I can't wait to play that game.
The best in the trilogy?
You're welcome!
Taken Single  and looking 4 a good man so hit me up
Earliest DJ load in time 6:45am.
Djing junior achievement 10k in sandy springs
Let's be creative: If you only had one leg, how would you exercise?
nice meeting you bro at the Indy session man
You should!!!
We definitely think so :
I normally use a stylus but that one was done w/ just my fat index finger.
this is retarded, peoplestring is paying me, I got over 900 bucks for doing nothing, so I just decided to do something
I'm TeamLucca.
Das ma boy!!!
One crockpot and some decorative bookends does not a GIANT yard sale make.
Ready for a rematch?
Giants sink 49ers in OT, 2017, to earn Super Bowl date with Patriots on Feb.
5th
I went to work with my friends mom,
Kk where the hekk do u find them
But yes, I still want to see it very badly and I think we should go this weekend.
That geology test just shit on me soo hard
Went from sunny and warm Seattle, to Cold and gloomy LA...
Weird!
But happy to be back!
Hi : lol
If I ever have to work at a restaurant it gonna be planet hollywood.
I love that restaurant
It's weird when you rent a dvd and there are trailers from films that were released 3 years ago.
Game time vs PurpsNGold TuacaChillZone is where u find me at
Kiefer Sutherland's voice in the BofA commercials make me miss 24 even more than usual
Thursday bar night BOGO cocktails all night long!
Heading into host as soon as I'm done tweeting from the shower !
got earplugs?
:
Love you more!
not even a half inch shorter, ever.
lmao
Say it ain't so !!!RT RT Source: Angels and Yankees discussing Mark Trumbo.
Robertson in play.
WTF
dope man...promo love!
As America goes through our transformation into the new,we lock arms with our brothers and sisters in hopes of restoring peace with mankind
RT Encore LOVES giving away amazing prizes!!
We would love to get to 5000 followers!
When we do we will give away a macbook air
Nascar?
Really autospell?
Welcome Susan Hooker to Crescendo's Board of Directors!
Want a lifestyle special vacation 2 nights 200 Caliente Resorts
Dammit, meant the Lordstupid Fake Bible Quotation app.
is a terrible insurance company.
Working with them on a claim they say that it is my fault an old senile man rear ended me :
This CANNOT be happening right now...
Yeah.
I've put a lot of time and a ton of money into this friendship.
Haha :P
Salem and other out of town police now facing off protesters downtown
Kelly!
Enjoy it.
Thanks for listening.
Stay in touch.
RT RT : sorry, but if you like house music, please rethink your life.
I havent ate all day...
good: do you know of any acting schools around memphis
Thanks for RT!
it's almost too good to be true!
Dudes!
Stop shooting up Virginia Tech!
Am I missing something?
Is Virginia Tech at war with the Crazies?
i wish we could just beat the shit out of one person, just one, and not get in trouble.
Thanks to the Minnesota Chamber of Commerce and Secretary Duncan for a great education/business panel today!
I'm going to try to spend a little time in the Old Market, so I'll try to swing by and say hello!
Now I am ready to eat with my fat ass
Are you just using me..
that's a sweet bit of news!
loved set!
And adored their doctorsses!
While your enjoying a pizza with a side of buffalo wings.
What's your favorite show you like to watch on tv?
Going to collect my 30 wii fit tokens for the day :
Did we decide on dinner date night?
I'm sure he would not mind lol
My vote for Brewers MVP is Braun and CY Young Marcum.
What do you all think?
Mango's go hard.
It's Friday!
Are your weekend plans set in stone?
Never mind, I found out.
Feelin it!
Great job man, thanks for sending it my way
well  I look forward to reading your tweets  getting to know you  I need more guys my age in my life!
;
WTF with channel 3 who wants to know everything about good old jimmy sent him up and have it over with
Who is excited to see this Sunday night at Closet Sundays Power20?
If I learned one thing from attending advancing the creative economy it's that the world is bigger than Google vs.
rights holders.
The future is a hunk of clay.
I see the shape that mine should take and chip away a little everyday.
If you buy Cleveland apparel from anyone but The Cleveland Assassin, or Frank The Tank June 2nd at FNF, you're not buying authentic CLE gear
Your Welcome
I try to plan ahead.
It's easier to grab a bag of raw veggies than to stop and chop when I'm in a rush.
RT : Open House 2day!
Come down 2 before 1:30pm, look at seats and we'll provide you lunch!
Tell them sent ya!
of course!
Euro makers: VW, Audi, Land Rover, BMW, Mercedes all gain  USA TODAY
Ops!
that might have been a mistake.
Thank you for the follow.
You've got a really cute website!
:
Who said that ????
RT : So O.J.
Simpson did not kill his wife his son Jason Simpson did that shit crazy
A true agnostic scrutinizes creeds, they don't have one.
They usually know more about many religions than the avg.
professorssed practitioners.
Real nightmare!
RT : Did I doctoram Browns took backup DT nobody heard of in the 3rd or did that really happen?
I hear U.
For some reason I very rarely use the camera in movie mode.
mostly use that for verbal/visual notes.
Don't they just pay the meter at 11:00 for another 2 hours?
I have not, I'm sorry!
Fired up for the game today.
Go NINERS!!!
Anyone have examples of innovative work using digital technologies to study the Middle Ages?
I just want to watch she's the man  take a 27 hour nap.
Joe Paterno family says reports not true he is still alive
NO, NO, NO, they meant to say He makes me feel like men do when they watch pudding women wrestling!
haha four seconds
Scarring the crap out of in the Dillion's parking 
it is the Bobcats u know
n.y where you at rest in peace young phat!
is graciously giving my liver a sabbath.
with bucks pr staff winning that award i assume dan smyczek gets kudos
you're so right ..
Apartment apartment apartment ..
About damn time
aww!
They are sweet.
My dog fell asleep last night and his whiskers and beard got all discombobulated!
:
so blessed to be a part of it!!!
actually big jims is awesome.
Dive bar, cheap.
Games n'at also awesome .
I want to go!
no I meant to say producer...
I'm using this phone sometime it type wat it wants!!
do you ever present at tech conferences?
Would love to discuss possibility of having you speak at our upcoming fall events.
So bored it midnight and I'm lik wide awake inbox me ppl
at a summer camp right by my house
I didn't know how sweet whitney was.
She was so brutalized as being a nasty diva by the media after she was the princess of pop
Haha, yep..
they make a reservation request first, you approve them, they pay, they come, they eat, you chat, they leave :
WHCD So Jimmy Kimmel's teacher said he wouldn't amount to anything if he kept screwing around but hes abt to hifive the prez
Making the most of my half day.
At the zoo with Vi and Rachel.
RT : Props to Andoctorw Bynum for a 20 point 30 rebounds game against the spurs..
Dude was beastin out
What size was the biggest u ever had cockblock?
There's no time to loose.
Happy ThursdayOur Newark office is open today from 85.
No appointments needed for glasses.
110 High St.
315.331.5721.
I have no idea which sport it is tonight, but Go Green!!
RT : Let's go Spartans tonight!
looks great, thanks for doing the piece and making me sound much more articulate than I was!
;
: Taurus gives great love, attention, and is good at fulfilling someone's needs.
u saying that and u cannot even do it SMH
I had a couple little pretzel sticks to celebrate!
Had one for you too:
Daammnn I just LOVE my HAIR!!!
TeamGoodHair ::
what time???
We're feeling really poetic today.
Who can come up with a good haiku about one of our menu items?
Yeah, I'm annoyed now that I can't undo them easily.
sometimes I read hilarious tweets and think they're yours...
and then I realize that they are tweets from
Decaf coffee is like non alcoholic beer
Well it was a wonderful day on the beach tody here in Ocean City, NJ.
RT: WE DONT DO FREE PROMO, FOR PEOPLE WHO DONT SUPPORT BLACKS!
TRUST ME!!, SO IF ITS ON THERE IT WILL BE REMOVED ASAP!
Just talk as long as Ricky P is at Louisville.
He won't let it happen.

it was cooly everybody was coo  shidd
Very nice !
Congrats.
How long did it take to shoot the video ?
good thing i brought my tackle box...
been preaching an FBombSeries series at our church since Easter.
Finishing up next week with Faithulfullness.
CRAZY!
Good news?
Housing starts up?
No one can sell a house now and added to the glut will be these puppies.
What bank lent these builders?
Trust is earned, I can't just magically hand it over to you.
Obsolete Term Remodification: Artificial Intelligence is now Automated Intelligence.
Artificial intelligence is an oxymoron.
thank you!!!
Yeah.....I don't say babe so y'all know that wasn't me .
Exhausted after a traumatic morning  stupidity and lack of common sense throughout the afternoon.
I need a vaca.
A person who can't get genuinely pumped up about his work can never be satisfied or gain anything worth it.
I trust that everything happens for a reason, even when we're not wise enough to see it.
Oprah Winfrey
A beautiful day calls for some thirst quenchers!
Enjoy our amazing selection of juices and smoothies.
Wow.
Watching you on DLHQ and you are absolutely incredible.
An absolutely amazing woman.
.
PV must've not celebrated like the rest of us did to be out running like that Good thing him  the boys stay focused
I was sleeping the other night, alone, thanks to the exterminator.
Emo Philips
You forgot to mention how well I did it.
RT I just saw do the Carlton Banks dance.
No lie.
Shane Hankins thanks for the follow.
Have fun with that!
I hope you dont get anything toogross!
:
The song is turning out bomb so maybe that's why.
Music helps me vent.
I plan on coming before that..
RT COME ON OCTOBER!!!!
;
Get it back, girls!
webelieve RT : Blue down one nil on a miss clear from back
you would.
Life is great!
glad 2 be back on the east coast n enjoying life.
Hows college treating you!?
livin up 2 the hype?
thinking of getting an ant farm at my desk to remind me of good work ethic and
Gotta go see these ppl....ugh...
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
20 min radio segment about UWLax baseball and not one mention of leading rbi man 's brother horse!
Hi Katrina!
Nice to see you here!
ditto.
: I'm headed back to Austin for SXSW.
Please make sure the weather's back to awesome by the time I land.
kthxbai
Good evening and how are you???
Halverson's presentation at GLS really nailed it.
Want to view the archive soon.
It's friday friday friday gotta get down on friday wow that used to be the most talked about song in america well what happened to that
Wednesday it will be exactly 3 months with Marissa3
Hanging out with my Momma today!
:
this looks amazing!
were you with COBI?
would love to learn more
Really looking forward to seeing and tonight.
I would be an idiot to not go
Loved the allgirl band.
Jack White looks like Edward Scissorhands.
are you flying into Portland PDX airport or Redmond / Bend airport??
Kudos to every public servant who approaches the future with courage and optimism.
After meetings with educators in South Bend and the , we are off to the Lincoln Day Dinner.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the Hecht family.
let's tho it.
Libyan government tanks and rockets have doctorven back rebels who attempted an assault on Moammar Gadhafi's hometown of Sirte.
ww.tncnews.com
sometimes i feel like you forget that i can read your tweets because they pop up on my feed.
People ignore design that ignores people.
Frank Chimero
I love Betty White!!
She's still amazing!!
Haha
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords.
I hear they're creating that into a film too.
Yes, thought the same thing.
A very nice homage to one of the great movie car chases.
hawt.
; i wish i could've been there lol ;p
I think I listen to too much doctorke in fact cuz i'm the best you ever you had your friends just mad cuz im the best they never had
Still gotta take Gilbert food smh
depending on injuries, but I get the same feeling.
Like ur 215k estimate.
Hey Lisa, please tell me more.
I need to network with those who understand best the challenge and opportunities.
be Inspired!
Thanks MJ!
Good times!
: I want to give a special Christmas shout out to the beat Dj EVER 
Hey Coach Fox and Elway don't tease us by putting in Tebow as a wide receiver and not even throw to him...
that's like perfect!
Didn't like Usher song Climax at first but now I love that song
what kind of documentary?
You mean if Toby Jacobs was there.
thats nastyy why would you send me that link :
lol good boy im a dog now lol where the scooby snack at lol
sorry.
We were hacked :
help me win and see would love to see them for the first time  please don't break me
but are they still the standard?
Did you know?
It takes glass 1 million years to decompose, which means it never wears out and can be recycled an infinite amount of times
Why do HOES expect to Get Ate out..?
Those are For wives who are ONLY fucking their man.
There's a micro simcard on your desk.
cc:
rooting for Bones tonight so excited!
happy friday!
what are your weekend plans milwaukee?
i'm in need of retail therapy at !
Im not eating noodles no more they have 830 mg of salt.
coughs to get attention.
GO COMMENT AND LIKE MY NEW AVI, GO, GO, STOP.
Just played Just Dance with my bro; I kept winning!
:D
mo dm me please
people need to know when not to put stuff on the internet.
it doesn't just go away
good night x
Thanks for the great reading last night, !
Loving the new collection!
Possibly.
If mom doesn't go to the store today we may have to call out the militia!
Stay tuned!
you are no longer a beggar  walk by faith!
via
So mentally exhausted.
Three pit stops before heading home to listen to some Jill Scott and continue on my grind.
Thank you for the MT!
VAlueYourPower!
I'm Ready to grind who wit me
Waiting in customer service lines are the worst.
There is one group I forgot to thank last night: the crowd.
One of the most energetic and musicloving crowd I have seen in a while.
We're putting the finishing touches on an extensive update to how tickets are defined.
Big update coming soon.
Buggs!
If you have not heard about livingsocial CHECK IT OUT!
we will be featured on the instant deals very soon!
followthebuggy!!
Good morning twitter 
At work n its already tryn 2 rainATL I know its been hot but all the rain n my hair notagoodmix lol GM ppl...have a good 1 :
Would you be willing to guest post on that, Kim?
It would be awesome!
Me too!
RT : we are too !
Can you imagine!
I have tears in my eyes
Aquitaine on left?
I was thinking elsewhere for the legion of doom; much more brutalist architecture
'Margin Call' nominated for Best Original Screenplay.
Stock Market sells off.
There is nothing like getting someone who's having a bad day to crack a smile.If U think it's incompatible w/competition U missed the .
I still
Oh, lol.
Still confused but okay!
well HAPPY SPRING BREAK compadoctor.
Hard to wake up this am
Not kidding..
Very serious when it comes to Diet Sunkist lol
Ah!
Networking opportunity is wrecked...
thanks for the FF consider following me also at
if you love something let it go if it returns to u its yours....DMX
Missing my boy :
I am worried.
Please give an update about the situation!
thanks for the follow!
I'm a spurs supporter.
Girlfriend to a spurs fan.
Although I don't care for lakers.
Sorry.
I'm a celtics fan.
Walker Art Center and families take pictures of the stuff they made with family packs and everyone puts them on Flickr.
It is when we all play it safe that we create a world of the utmost insecurity.
Dag Hammarskjold
I looooooveeeeee derby time
Last time I changed my professorle picture was two years, 8 months and 21 days ago: the day the subject of my new professorle picture was born.
Appointments still available for brewing with Great Lakes tomorrow!
Call now!
yes, but I'm seeing some sun peaking now big smile
That's what I've heard.
You're also the first Cubs fan I've ever heard call ARam one of your favorites.
Nice to hear that once
I bought it, but have had 2nd thoughts...
I'll crack it on your sayso!
Oh you just look familiar!
:' OMG!!
i was SUPPOSED to be there!!
but my retarded dad wrecked my car!!
:' :' i think im gonna die!!
Yay!!
congratulation!
Maybe I'll root for the Pete Carroll now.
omg where?
I'm by the flowersb
Yeah!
When I saw your printing I yelled OMG!
I LOVE her!
2 funny!
Have a good weekend!
just checking out some fly threads....
I need a new suit.
Most likely for a date or serious business ventures.
Sunday night Dj night 9pm No cover 3 JUMBO Long Islands..
Indeed.
Thanks for the comment.
that's what I'm saying real world Mexico
Poll: What should I see in Los Angeles?
Historical Sites will get preference, probably, but suggest anything.
top talent isn't who is seeking jobs, huh?
Not surprised.
NYC here I cone
does the amazingness of her voice on this track make you wanna die or what???
OH 2PAC has a NEW CD coming..
Look at all these empty people Don't you know that misery loves company The misery was looking for me
Kevin McCallister is constantly talking to himself, kinda strange
The Fargoesque Audi Quattro commercial has it all.just like the Quattro.It definitely beats the beer and pizza commercials, but not Visa's!
Getting caught up in doctorw Something.
Feel like I'm cheating on Words With Friends
I EFFING LOVE YOU LAKings !!!!!!
Are you sure this surgery is worth it?
I mean this does not sound like something I would want to put myself through!
so gr8!
RT : Glad you saw it!
RT : Awesome shout out from about on !
IMHO the best part is the  You shoot first!
line.
U wernt perfect but u made life worth it stick around and real feelings might surface
I love that analysts aren't choosing the Bulls to win the east.
Bench mob, defensive pressure, rebounding, and reigning MVP
What you eat affects the way your body works and its ability to fight off infections and diseases.
I'm still here!
I feel so bad for Keisha thats not right man she was being bullied thats not right at all
Really not looking forward to this week...
SOLs on Monday and Wednesday :
I have a date with two ten yr olds and some pancakes!
Happy Sunday!
:
Will 60 Million For Early Learning Help Close The Achievement Gap?
Listen to this radio interview with NCCF CoDirector Sharon Lynn Kagan
It reads: Give large space to the festive dog that makes sport in the roadway
I don't think anyone's Pandora can get any more random than mine: classical , jazz, Lana, Tony Bennett, club, Edith Piaf, and Neil Diamond
I'm coming down Christmas weekend  definitely in on the 24th, maybe 23rd.
Leaving 26th.
you?
Let's meet up!
Laker nation stand up!!!
Now sit your ass back down!!!
I need this shit to go to 7 games.
Ratings bitch!
yeah!
thursday?
When I'm alone , I think negative .
oh okay.
True.
Cause you should of been hit the pop page.
So how long you had yours for?
oh yeah i kno it lol
winning is right
thanks, took a lot of work to get to where I am.
Amazing win from the last night!
Have you been to a Sounders match this season?
was told today that I am 100 being asked back to work next school year.
Job security is AOkay..
face I heard you n Siegel gonna doctorp a Mixtape is it true
Vegas in 12 hours.
It's going to be a long night.
Peter can't be trusted with the sale of the house.
Ready to have dinner with my best biotches!
I've missed them!!
I MISS YOU!!!
Have some Austin Java or Ken's Donuts delivered right to your office for your next meeting
Because I used to be like the terminator when I was on the mound.
Can one tan in a single day?
I actually would like to know.
I usually burn, then get slightly browner in a week or so.
I didn't even go to college at SBU and I still have great, fuzzy memories of
we missed you on Christmas Eve!!
i miss Bill Hicks...
If you won a beta key in a contest here or on another site, keys should go out this weekend, after the server folks give the thumbs up!
hey Hun I'm doing fine my ill Chloe is 6 months she's perfect!
Did u get a copy of the book yet?
Have a read bitch x
Man.
My ear is really infected.
